    Mr. Rinaldi. Good morning, Chairman LoBiondo. Happy birthday, Ranking Member Larsen. Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, and members of the Aviation Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify about one of the most critical problems facing our National Airspace System.    We all have a stake in our National Airspace System. It's an economic engine contributing $1.5 trillion annually to our gross domestic product and providing over 12 million American jobs. Currently, we run the largest, safest, most efficient, most complex, most diverse airspace system in the world. Our system is unique, unequaled, and unrivaled by any other country. This is due in large part to the impeccable work of the men and women I represent who run this system.    The United States airspace system is considered the gold standard in the world aviation community. And yet the air traffic controller staffing crisis puts this status at risk.    In 2015 this committee held a roundtable meeting to discuss air traffic control staffing. That event served as the catalyst between NATCA and the FAA to collaborate in developing solutions on many aspects of this staffing crisis. But the changes we have made are small steps in the right direction. Air traffic control staffing has been a concern for many years, but it has now reached a crisis level.    We are at a 27-year low of fully certified air traffic controllers. Controller staffing has fallen nearly 10 percent since 2011. And the FAA has missed its hiring goal in each of the last 7 years. With one-third of the current workforce eligible to retire, the bureaucratic structure is failing us.    Stop-and-go funding has contributed to staffing problems. In 2013, due to sequestration, the FAA froze hiring, shut down the FAA Academy, and since then it has not been able to catch up. After sequestration of 2013 cuts, the FAA expunged approximately 3,000 well-qualified candidates in order to institute its biographical questionnaire, or what we call BQ, which is fundamentally flawed.    NATCA worked with the FAA to validate the second BQ with a large group of controller workforce before it used it in its 2015 vacancy announcement. Then, for some reason, in July of 2015 the FAA HR department terminated the Retired Military Controller program, which we know as RMC. Piling on, FAA HR decided that the Air Traffic Selection and Training test, or ATSAT, could not be used again.    NATCA has worked hard and encouraged our members to help validate a new exam. This exam is a full-day test. And with our controller staffing crisis, this has not been an easy task. The validation is not complete yet, and the FAA will not post an all-sources vacancy announcement until it is. These bureaucratic, self-inflicted wounds have significantly delayed the hiring of new employees.    Since the roundtable discussion in December, NATCA and the FAA have collaborated to make some progress. But the job is far from complete. NATCA believes that the FAA must take a holistic, collaborative approach to resolve our staffing issues. We must be very careful not to do anything that would make the current situation worse, or delay hiring or slow training or reduce these staffing targets. NATCA doesn't just come with a concern; we believe that everybody in this room can work together and get a solution.    Congress needs to pass an FAA reauthorization bill that provides the necessary stable, predictable funding to operate a fully staffed National Airspace System. Sequestration must be fixed, or the FAA should be exempted. Otherwise, we will see another hiring freeze, reducing staffing, see furloughs, delays, and reduced capacity.    NATCA supports the passage of H.R. 5292, which would streamline the hiring process by ensuring a path of experienced controllers will be hired quickly with fewer bureaucratic hurdles, and allow military veterans and CTI graduates to be hired without being subject to the bio data questionnaire--biographical questionnaire.    The FAA needs to hire as many experienced controllers that are qualified. In addition, it should be hiring 2,000 inexperienced employees per year to maximize the throughput through the FAA Academy. Our controllers are dedicated, highly skilled professionals, the best in the world, who are forced to shoulder the burden of chronically understaffed facilities. They are doing an amazing job every day under this staffing crisis, but it is time for some relief.    No one wants interruptions in service, delays, decreased capacity, least of all our air traffic controllers.    I want to thank you for calling this hearing and continuing to keep our staffing crisis front and center. We must remain vigilant and continue to move the ball forward. Otherwise, we will be hard pressed to maintain the current capacity, let alone expand and modernize our system.    I thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to answering any of your questions.    Mr. Rinaldi. I am going to go with the incomplete, also, if that is appropriate. You said A through F, but I will go with the incomplete, because, you know, the self-inflicted bureaucratic processes that they put in place, I still can't consciously figure out why they would decide to do such a thing. But at the end of the day they are trying to make changes.    And this year we are--since the roundtable discussion, we are seeing some changes. But keep in mind--not that I would grade this great body--stop-and-go funding does impact it.    Mr. Rinaldi. Sure. I thank you, sir. When they did the first one in 2014, 28,511 applicants took the BQ; 2,407 passed. So, you know, roughly 10 percent passed.    Then we found out later on that--and I am not a scientist, but all you have to do is read the first page about a biographical assessment. It says that the test must be validated with a large group of incumbents. And being the only person who represents a large group of air traffic controllers, it was never validated with us. So we asked the FAA, ``If you are going to do this again, you probably need to validate this test,'' and they did. We did it together, and validated it, and roughly 18,000 took it and roughly 5,000 passed the BQ, about 28 percent. Again, I don't know much about the science, but I do know there are a lot of qualified people out there that are actually doing the job today that have not passed it.    Mr. Rinaldi. Just--Mr. Cannon said something about an open and continuous bid, and that is--that was closed in March. So if it is open and continuous, it would be open all the time, I would think. So it is not. It is actually closed. They have not issued another open continuous bid for experienced controllers or direct hires out of the military.    The individual that Mr. DeFazio was speaking about is a actual CTI graduate, highly recommended from the school, and is working in one of our Federal contract towers, actually performing air traffic control, and is not able to pass the BQ, either.    Mr. Rinaldi. That is certainly not my opinion. The test was never validated with air traffic controllers. So it wasn't valid, and that is why it had such a horrible success rate.    More importantly, they did have time. They had 3,000 qualified CTI students on a list that they basically expunged. They could have hired them for that year and given us the opportunity to validate the test.    My executive vice president brought this up to who was the head of HR who is no longer there at this time, and they basically put the hand up and said, ``We know exactly what we are doing, this science doesn't lie.'' It did lie. It was flawed.    Mr. Rinaldi. Do I disagree with you, sir?    Mr. Rinaldi. I think that there is a fairness issue when a student goes into a college. I am paying for two college tuitions right now. If they are going into a college program to be specifically an air traffic controller, and then they come out and they have to take a biographical questionnaire or assessment----    Mr. Rinaldi. No, sir. The controllers plug in to their position day in and day out to maintain, first and foremost, the safety of the National Airspace System. If they are working double positions combined up because staffing is short, then capacity will have to be appropriately reduced to make sure that they are not in a safety concern.    Mr. Rinaldi. Absolutely.    Mr. Rinaldi. So I would just say that the most accurate assessment of each facility is your onboard staffing of your fully certified professional controllers. These are the individuals that can plug in and work any position. These are the individuals that will train the other people in the building, that are learning to be air traffic controllers. These are the individuals that will fill in for supervisory functions and be controllers in charge. These are the individuals we take off the boards to actually help us modernize the system and develop real-time efficiencies in NextGen.    That is the goal, is to actually measure that. What the controller workforce plan--it is just bodies in the building. And all too often they give you a number and it is misleading, at best. That--they said, ``Well, at Atlanta TRACON we have 95 people on board,'' but really you only have--and if our CPC number is 100, and you have 95 people on board, you would think, well, we are OK, we are only 5 under. But really, you only have 68 people that can fully work all the positions, and those other people are in some form of training, which--their success rate in Atlanta is less than 40 percent.    So you are counting people that will never be successful in the building, and it is almost a charade. They are just saying, ``Well, we are fully staffed there,'' and the people will never certify there. So the number is flawed, is--if you go strictly by certified professional controllers is the best way to see the healthiness of a building.    Mr. Rinaldi. So, after the roundtable hearing we had in December, the agency actually opened up the continuous bid for a couple months, which helped get streamlined certified--or military controllers into the system, and get them into--directly into the facilities. And so that helped.    What also helped is we have come to an agreement on what we call an ERR policy, which is basically a national release policy in moving controllers from mid-level and lower level facilities to the higher level facilities, where we have the shortage, in a very streamlined way so it is not 314 fiefdoms, but it is actually a very national overlook, and making sure that the system is staffed correctly and the facilities are getting the resources they need to do.    So these are some steps we have taken. H.R. 5292 will give the agency the ability to continue to hire--maximize the academy and hire straight from the military and actually give the ability for the CTI students to get right into the academy also, and get that--and that is why we actually support the passage of H.R. 5292.    Mr. Rinaldi. The--as I said earlier, the controller workforce plan just gives you a headcount. What we did in our collaborative resource working group is actually laser in how many CPCs we want on the mission. And the mission is running air traffic control, actually getting recurrent training and mandatory briefing items, doing OJTI, doing CIC, helping modernization in the system.    So we went with a CPAC number, and Ms. Bristol is correct, of actually--what is a good number to actually move somebody through the system? And we came with 85 percent CPC number. And that is why that number seems to be working for us.    But if you just look--if you just went on the controller workforce plan, as I said, with Atlanta--but we could do it with Chicago, also--about 30 percent of the people in the building that come in as new developmentals become fully certified. Controller workforce--CPC target is 100. That is the number we came up with collaboratively.    But you know, they would right now say that we are within range, because their range is from 81 to 100, or--and right now there are 83 people there, except for the fact there are only 64 that could actually work position. The others are in some stage of training. But they are counting them as a full body. And if you were going to schedule that person to work a shift, you certainly would not schedule a group of those, you know, 20 people that can't work by themselves all alone on a shift.    So it is disingenuous to say they are OK, they have 84 people on board. The workforce plan, to me, it just gives a false depiction of what is actually going on in a facility. The healthiness of a facility and the staffing of a facility goes right to the CPC number, and what accomplishes the mission of moving air traffic control safely throughout our system.    Mr. Rinaldi. I would agree with the numbers the IG put out. Those are accurate, and it does--it is a--it does fatigue the workforce if you are working 6-day workweeks, 10-hour days, and maxing out on that. It is a high-stress occupation, and it is not something we should rely on as a normal part of our day-to-day operation.    Mr. Rinaldi. Well, thank you, sir, and thank you for your leadership on H.R. 5292. We do really appreciate it. We think it is the right piece of legislation to move forward to help us with the hiring.    The biographical assessment was established to help cull a list, basically, of 28,000 applicants. And it took--it didn't take into account, regardless of any schooling you would have or any actual on-the-job function of being an air traffic controller you have been doing for years in the military or years in the FAA, and really just put everybody into one pool. And I don't know how they graded it. I do know some people that did take the test, they were just told if they passed or failed. Weren't told what they answered correctly or incorrectly, and it really seemed--it doesn't seem like a fairness issue.    Like I started to say earlier, I pay for two college tuitions, and I would like to know if my child can actually do the job before I am actually paying for the college tuition, especially something as precise and specific as air traffic control. You can't come out of Embry-Riddle with an air traffic control degree and then fail a BQ. And there are not many other places you can turn to. So it is a fairness issue of allowing CTI students not to be lumped in with off-the-street.    Same as military that are actually providing day-to-day air traffic control services in the military. To actually then put them and treat them and put them into the biographical questionnaire seems silly.    Mr. Rinaldi. Well, it--to be an air traffic controller in large TRACONs is a very, very hard task. You really can't come out of the academy and make it into one of those busy facilities. The success rate is very, very low.    Depending on what you are actually--your job function is in the military, if you are actually a tower controller, you are probably best suited to go into a tower environment in--near FAA. If you are a range controller, you are probably best to go into the academy and learn exactly air traffic control in civilian world.    But really, what it comes down to for New York TRACON, Atlanta TRACON, Dallas TRACON, Chicago TRACON, and the other busy TRACONs, we need to move controllers through the mid-level facilities, and that is what the ERR process does do. It gives us the ability to place appropriately out of an academy into the lower level facilities, where you can develop and hone skills so that you can actually make it into the big leagues, very similar to a system--not to simplify it, but what we would do in the major leagues in baseball: A, AA, AAA, and then majors.    Mr. Rinaldi. Well, we truly believe in having a very diverse workforce. I think you get the best workforce if you reach from all areas of our community.    What I think that--there is a way to do that with H.R. 5292, because you can hire directly out of the military, which is very diverse. You can hire from the CTI students, and you could still do off-the-street hiring. You can have a three-way track to make sure you are making your mark at the FAA Academy each time. And you could use the BQ to cull a list of someone who has no experience.    Mr. Rinaldi. Jump off a bridge.    Mr. Rinaldi. You know, I think that--I think H.R. 5292 is a good start. I think----    Mr. Rinaldi. Well, I would do--you know, under current law I believe the Administrator could actually do H.R. 5292 and start hiring directly out of military, bypass CTI students that have a well-qualified or recommendation, they can move--but the problem is, being the FAA Administrator, you are governed by lots of lines of bureaucratic pressure, and passing H.R. 5292 will give us--give him or her, whoever that might be, the ability to do these streamlined procedures to hire enough air traffic controllers.    Mr. Rinaldi. Well, thank you, sir. I certainly hope we never experience what we did in Chicago in September of 2014. We are down in our staffing numbers since 2014, and it would be a challenge to accomplish what we did back then.    Mr. Rinaldi. We worked very collaboratively with a lot of facilities and most of our facilities throughout the country were at a 27-year low in CPCs. Most of our facilities across the country are very short with certified professional controllers, so it would be a challenge to continue to keep the capacity that we did.    Mr. Rinaldi. No.    Mr. Rinaldi. Yes, integrating unmanned vehicles into our system is a big challenge. Obviously, controllers are going to need to identify and see them on the radar glass, going to need to know exactly what their mission is, and where they are going in route of flight, in order to continue to vector and keep airplanes separated from them so there is not a safety issue.    Mr. Rinaldi. Sure. Thank you, Congresswoman. I will go first. And as you can imagine, for someone who has been in the press as much as you, sometimes your statement gets twisted and misconstrued.    We were talking--what I was talking about on the panel was two brand new facilities. Actually, we had an idea of bringing the prototype to those two facilities and be 100 percent electronic flight strip like the rest of the world is. But we have brand new facilities, and the prototype that we have been working in Phoenix and in Cleveland we have jointly made a decision that it is just not stable enough to bring into a new facility.    I then went on to talk about San Francisco Tower that went with very small counter spaces because it is a smaller tower cab than Las Vegas, and that they would need bigger counter spaces to put printers in and strip bays in. Now, in Las Vegas they have made that accommodation. So really, it was about San Francisco Tower, which is coming on roughly the same time as Las Vegas Tower is, also.    The challenge in Las Vegas Tower is that they did something very dynamic and we support tremendously, is actually put the controllers that will work the airplanes in the air a little higher, a few steps up, than the controllers working the ground view, so they can actually see straight down. So there is going to be a lot of movement with the controllers to hand strips back and forth, as opposed to being able to have an electronic flight strip program, where the controllers would never have to leave their position to move the control of that airplane.    That is kind of what I was capturing. Yes, it did get lost in that. It is not going to delay the opening of Las Vegas Tower, but it is a challenge, that the workforce is going to have to move paper strips around, when we have this beautiful, brand-new facility, and we should have the most modern equipment. That is my biggest concern.    Mr. Rinaldi. It is not.    Mr. Rinaldi. And I fly to Las Vegas a lot.    Mr. Rinaldi. We are working together on that.    Mr. Rinaldi. It is always the headline that seems to say something completely that you didn't say in the article.    Mr. Rinaldi. Never, ever.    Mr. Rinaldi. Sure.