    Mr. Rosekind. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, members of the committee, thank you for holding this meeting and for inviting me to testify.    At NHTSA, our mission is to save lives on America's roadways, and for 50 years we have carried out that mission by writing and enforcing regulations to make vehicles safer, fighting against drunk driving, building a national consensus about seatbelt use, and so many other efforts that have saved hundreds of thousands of Americans on our roadways but we have far more work to do and that work can be measured by some very alarming numbers.    In 2015, we lost 35,092 people on our public roads. And at NHTSA we know that that is not just a number. Those are mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters, coworkers, friends, colleagues. And the problem is getting worse. Last month, we announced that roadway fatalities in the first half of this year are up over ten percent.    And it is against this backdrop that the Department of Transportation, under the leadership of Secretary Anthony Foxx, has been working so hard on our efforts to accelerate the safe deployment of automated vehicle technologies. Because while automated vehicles carry enormous potential to transform mobility and reshape our transportation system, it is their awesome potential to revolutionize roadway safety that has us to motivated.    And there is one more number that helps explain why. That number is 94. That is the percentage of crashes that can be tied back to a human choice or error. That is a choice to speed or drive drunk, to send a text message from behind the wheel, or misjudge the stopping distance. That 94 percent represents the untold potential of automated vehicle safety technologies. We envision a future where advanced technologies not only help reduce crashes but a world with fully self-driving cars that hold the potential to eliminate traffic fatalities altogether.    The Federal Automated Vehicles Policy, which the Department issued on September 20th, is the world's first comprehensive government action to guide the safe and efficient development and deployment of these technologies.    And the policy covers four areas: One, vehicle performance guidance for automakers, tech companies, researchers and other developers, testers, and deployers of automated vehicle technologies; two, a model state policy to build a consistent national framework for the testing and operation of automated vehicles; three, an exploration of the use of our current regulatory tools that can be used to advance these technologies; and four, a discussion of possible new tools that the Federal government may need to promote the safe deployment of advanced technologies as the industry continues to develop.    I would like to share just a few thoughts about our approach. For 50 years, our traditional approach has largely been reactive. NHTSA prescribed safety standards and then responds to problems as they arise.    A traditional method of regulating these new technologies would be to engage solely in the rulemaking process, writing new regulations that prescribe specific standards, and typically, take years to take effect. Our view is that that approach would be slow. It would stymie innovation and it would stall the introduction of these new safety technologies.    Our policy takes a different path built on proactive safety which will better serve both safety and innovation. This policy allows us to work with automakers and developers on the front end to ensure there are sound approaches to safety throughout the entire development process.    This is a new approach and it is going to take some adjustment for everyone involved but we are confident that it will help us to accomplish two specific goals: first, to make sure that new technologies are deployed safely; and second, to make sure we don't get in the way of innovation. Our approach is not prescriptive. It does not tell developers how they must provide safety but, instead, builds a transparent and proactive approach to ensure that they are properly addressing the critical safety areas.    But that future is not without threats. As President Obama wrote when announcing the policy, ``the quickest way to slam the brakes on innovation is for the public to lose confidence in the safety of new technologies. Both government and industry have a responsibility to make sure that doesn't happen.''    It is our view the best way we can build that public confidence is by working together, showing the public that the government is on the side of innovation and that the industry is on the side of safety.    I will submit the balance of my statement for the record and I look forward to taking your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Rosekind. As you have already cited the specific quote, and that was intentional to put in there, was for states not to codify. What you have highlighted was everyone wants to see a consistent national framework. Nobody wants a patchwork. And so what is critical right now is to really distinguish the Federal role and the state role and making sure for the moment that people are focused on the safest possible deployment within those Federal and state rules.    Mr. Rosekind. So, that highlights the patchwork concern, which is all of us drive across this great country without worrying about what driver's license you have from your state or that the car is even legal in that state. Just think if an autonomous self-driving car stopped at every state line because it wasn't allowed there, or that every manufacturer or developer had to have 50 different approaches to dealing with, so again, that is why everybody wants to avoid that patchwork.    Right now, I think the clarity of what the federal role is and the state role is the way to go. We have seen California wait for this policy to come out, make adjustments to try and be in line. We did the policy in collaboration with the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators, all 50 DMVs and we will continue to work with the states. But you have brought up an ongoing vulnerability here, as we move forward.    Mr. Rosekind. We hope everyone is going to be discussing this. One of the things that you are highlighting is that there are some states that are really on the leading edge of this, California, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Florida, District of Columbia actually has some work as well. And so there are a lot of ongoing discussions that are happening now.    I think the intent is for people to make sure they understand the policies and guidance in this area. And one of the things for all the states to understand, we try to make explicit, is states actually don't have to do anything in this area. There is no action needed for testing of deployment at this stage. If you are interested, as a state, then this policy outlines the Federal and state roles.    Mr. Rosekind. I think that is a great example of in the Secretary's letter in the beginning he really highlights there are a lot of unknowns that have to become known. So that is a specific example of how do we handle liability. If we don't come out with the answer, we suggest a commission that would deal with that for the states to understand the best way forward.    Mr. Rosekind. So, to your first question, I would say prior to January that was the number one issue that everyone raised. When will they be here? And what was interesting is in January we were pointing out at both DOT and NHTSA that frankly, these technologies are already on the road. We already have adaptive cruise control, automatic emergency braking, blind spot monitoring, Lane Assist, all these things are already on the road. So, one of the challenges we have had is actually helping people to learn about the different levels of automation. And just to be very, very sort of strict about it, the highest levels of self-driving vehicles is where the passenger, driver, individual in the vehicle, perhaps no individual at all, has no responsibility for monitoring the vehicle or the environment. Those are the highest levels, basically, of a truly self-driving vehicle.    So, to your question, I am not sure anybody knows quite yet how far off we are. In fact, I would say in the last 6 months, we are starting to see people actually acknowledging how hard this problem is to get to a full self-driving car.    On the other hand, we also have level 3 which is where the operator still has to be engaged, both in monitoring the vehicle and the environment. And there may be situations where that operator, that driver, would have to actually have the vehicle hand off to the operator in some situations that you were just mentioning, weather conditions, infrastructure that wasn't known, et cetera, the driver has to still be vigilant in monitoring what is going on. People question whether that is even possible with this new technology.    So, what you have just highlighted is when nobody knows. And the questions remain, do we still need that driver engaged? Can we go to full self-driving? Those questions remain open.    And I would just say that the Department has really left open the answer to that by letting the data tell us whether or not level 3 is possible, full self-driving level 5, how those will go forward. The data will tell us where we are.    So, I think everything you just highlighted is exactly the very challenging sort of thread the needle issues we have.    Mr. Rosekind. Correct. And that is why I say your issue about transition, so I would love to point out that if there were a perfect fully self-driving car available tomorrow, right now, the average age of vehicles is 11 and a half years, it would take 20 to 30 years for the whole fleet to take over if we had full self-driving.    So, to your point, for the next 20 or 30 years at least, we will likely have a mixed fleet of different levels of automation and different people actually out there driving.    And I think that is also extremely well placed, which is a lot of folks have talked about the big era of recalls that just happened. That is not good. We have tried to move to a proactive safety approach. I would highlight that NHTSA has not given up and will continue to pursue all of our rulemaking and enforcement authorities. Anybody who has watched us over the last few years knows we will use whatever we need to to help keep people safe on our roadways.    But one of the things I think we can highlight is a year ago in January the Secretary announced a proactive safety agreement with 18 global automakers. That wasn't just words. In fact, we have already seen best practices come from the industry, basically on cybersecurity. We saw 20 of them come together and basically make a commitment to get automatic emergency braking on the road standard in all of their vehicles by 2022, beating regulation by probably 3 to 4 years. And we just recently had a Volvo truck recall that hit 100 percent completion rate for 16,000 vehicles, which is sort of groundbreaking with the speed that was done. That was part of that agreement, 100 percent completion rate. It is only the beginning but it is not just talk. We are seeing very concrete actions.    But to your point, we have to watch to make sure that they actually meet what the requirements are.    So, I will just close. There is a 15-point safety assessment that people have to provide for us. There is a lot of discussion is it required or not. If you want everyone to trust what you are working on as a manufacturer, technology developer, we think you would want the most transparent, thorough public notice of what you are doing to address safety up front.    Mr. Rosekind. Yes, that issue has actually come up. We had two public meetings in our open docket for months while we were creating the policy and those issues were brought up already. So, frankly, not only are we looking at them but Homeland Security has already been informed because they have a lot of the issues and questions.    Mr. Rosekind. Absolutely. We have already had meetings.    Mr. Rosekind. We have a long list. I am happy to send, there was a public docket.    Mr. Rosekind. Yes. Yes, we will submit that to you.    Mr. Rosekind. Sure.    Mr. Rosekind. Yes and thank you because you just raised a really critical issue. We identified 15 safety areas that they have to address. That is what is included in the letter. But it is very important to realize we don't tell people how to get there. You have to address this but there is no judgment about compliance or not because we don't set a prescription there. And so our evaluation is whether they have addressed it or not, not whether there is a bar that they have passed.    Mr. Rosekind. That is actually a good question. We haven't addressed that yet. I will just say that we just last week had another public meeting and one of them was specifically on the letter. Right now what we are telling people is not a page limit but this is literally a C-suite. If a CEO had to get briefed on these 15, what information would you provide that individual so they could sign off on it?    Mr. Rosekind. So, there has got to be enough to make a decision. If we need more information, we will ask for it.    Mr. Rosekind. So, we absolutely do hope to have transparency, so it would be public. And NHTSA, for a long time, has great experience in protecting confidential business information. That is not the intent of that letter. It really is to focus on safety and letting manufacturers, developers, et cetera, let the public and us know how they are addressing it.    Mr. Rosekind. We are already seeing certain safety technologies on the roads today. So, adaptive cruise control, automatic emergency braking, blind spot monitoring, these technologies are already available. And so when people say when will we see them, they are already here. When we look at fully self-driving, those are years off. And in fact I was just commenting I think just in the last 6 months or so, we are hearing from a lot of folks that they are understanding how hard a problem this problem really is. So, as much as people are giving us target dates, we will have to wait and see those coming.    The final thing I would just say is what you are also highlighting is there will probably be several decades where we will have a mixed fleet of different levels of automation and people still with their hands on the wheels that all of us will be in for at least again potentially 20 plus years.    Mr. Rosekind. Actually, all the vehicles create cybersecurity vulnerability. So, on our list of 15 safety issues, cybersecurity is one of them and, basically, the same concerns as you apply to new would have to be to any kind of retrofit as well.    Mr. Rosekind. Let me actually slightly expand that, which is when we did the press conference to issue the policy, the Secretary's last question is, does DOT and NHTSA have the expertise and resources to get this done? And I love this Secretary's answer because basically we are the ones who created it. We have the expertise but you are bringing up a really, really critical element. And that is, with the explosion of innovation that we all want to see to help with safety, the agency absolutely will need to build on that expertise and expand the resources to make sure we can really timely meet the needs that are going to be out there to get safety.    There are some things we have suggested that I think have just totally surprised people about our commitment to get interpretations out in 60 days, exemptions in 6 months. You need resources to pull that off. Even the letters we are saying 4 months, that is up to 4 months. If we want those evaluations done, we are going to need to make sure that the expertise we have grows and we have enough resources to meet the demand quickly but safely.    Mr. Rosekind. First, thank you for telling Principal Jordan's story. We talk about these big numbers but everyone is a person and a face. So, thank you for doing that.    Mr. Rosekind. It just is so critical.    And you are bringing up a really interesting piece, which is, as we talked about earlier, our intent is to get literally a CEO summary of what information goes into the safety assessment and then the developer, automaker, et cetera, they keep all that other data. So, it is only if there is information that we ask for that they are going to have to give us more. And the other part is we only need to see confidential business information that helps to make their point. Everything else, they get to keep. And for decades, we have been protecting that.    So, we are looking at the safety information. We just had a meeting on the letter to try and decide how to get information and you can keep all that confidential business information away and redacted as needed, we have been doing that forever. We will continue to do that here.    Mr. Rosekind. We are not actually interested in that. We just want to know here is 15 areas. Tell us how you have actually addressed it. Part of the way that we are actually supporting innovation is I hope everyone in the room would come up with a different way of handling each of those safety areas. And then we will let the data tell us which ones are actually going to be the best for the future.    Mr. Rosekind. Critical. I mean basically with a lot of urging from NHTSA and a lot of work on the industry's part, they have come up with this cybersecurity mechanism to really help deal with the vulnerability. They will be a core part of protecting these vehicles in the future.    Mr. Rosekind. This is why our interactions have been so critical because, basically, if you have a vehicle that has only been driving on the highway and now it is going to go in a city, that is significant. If you have a vehicle that yesterday hit a pothole and now hit has been programmed to miss the potholes, we don't need to know about that.    And when you submit your letter if of the 15 there are only 2 that have been affected, you only need to send us those two areas.    Mr. Rosekind. So we will be creating a template for the letter, so people have a sense of what we are looking for.    Mr. Rosekind. We will be having guidance on where to fit their level of technology and automation for them. We will have examples of what is significant for people as guides.    Mr. Rosekind. That is probably one of our biggest fears, frankly, which is that this is an opportunity for folks in this area, in a proactive way, at the front end to show us what you are doing about safety. We would hope, whether it was required or not, it doesn't really matter, you want to show the public and NHTSA what you are doing to address safety in these vehicles. That is an opportunity. We hope everybody is going to take it and be enthusiastic about it.    Mr. Rosekind. So, it is not required at this point. It is a policy. But to your point, one of the areas that we have actually identified as potential future regulations would be to require the letter, which is a great example of require the letter but stay nimble and flexible to what the categories are that are covered. In the future, there may only be ten areas that are needed. In the future, there could be 20.    Mr. Rosekind. I want to hit that point, though, I think which is----    Mr. Rosekind. The fact that we are not going to take the steering wheel out of some people's hands.    Mr. Rosekind. I am from California. It is just the top is down and you are on Highway 1 with the Pacific Ocean on the side. It is like people are going to want to do that for a long, long time. And for all of our belief in the opportunity to save lives, this is the idea. We are going to have a mixed fleet for a long time. People who want to have their hands on the wheel, it is just going to be there for a long time.    So, to your point, though, about what kind of guidance you get, the way the policy is set up is to identify specific areas within safety that have to be addressed without prescribing how. It is basically DOT and NHTSA's way to support innovation. So, we would love to see as many different approaches to how to deal with that safety as possible. Show us what data you have.    If you think about the future path, at some point, there will probably be best practices accepted by the industry. Those will be the ones that have data that have demonstrated this is the way to go. If there is future regulation, that should come from the best practices.    Mr. Rosekind. And that is a great point, which is people have talked. We have suggested there about data sharing, for example. And people are very concerned because data means money. Our issue is all about the safety. So, just think about sharing that data so that one crash would be able to educate an entire fleet to improve everything literally overnight. That would be great.    We are interested in the safety, not the solution that people use that could be proprietary. That is for them to keep confidential.    Mr. Rosekind. And I just have to say every time I have appeared before you, you make sure safercar.gov gets into the record, that there is a point on making sure people are thinking about this. And from an agency whose mission is all focused on lifesaving, we always appreciate that so much.    For Takata, we are at about 29 million vehicles, about 46 million inflators. Maybe 20 percent have been repaired at this point. We are imminent for basically a new coordinated remedy that will have sort of the years of when supplies and fixes need to come. So, that will be out literally within weeks we hope of what sort of the next phase will be.    I will say, tragically, 9 of the 11 lives that have been lost had to do with alpha inflators, ones that were actually from 2001-2003 recalled 2008-2011. About 300,000 of those still exist out there. They have a 50 percent of rupturing in a crash. We are really working with Honda and Acura, in particular, to try and get those off the road.    Mr. Rosekind. The 2001 to 2003 vehicles, and these were actually recalled in 2008-2011. So what happened was, because of the most recent activity going on, testing that was never done back then was recently done and that is how we discovered these alpha inflators have a 50 percent chance of rupturing.    The Secretary came out and basically said don't drive it unless you are going to a dealer to get it fixed. And so we are working with Honda to basically figure out every possible thing that could be done to find those people. Nine out of the eleven lives lost were those alpha inflators.    Mr. Rosekind. We are working through it. And what we are doing, literally just last week, we had a meeting specifically, a public meeting with an open docket for people to tell us how they think that letter should be structured and what content there should be. We will create a template so people have a guide. And we are trying to be explicit that it is not the confidential business information that we are after. It is tell us how you have addressed these particular safety issues.    And the agency has been dealing with confidential business information for decades. And so we already have experience working with the manufacturers to know how to protect them. So, we do need to work that out but we are pretty confident that is an area, knowing it is an issue, we can figure it out.    Mr. Rosekind. That is a great question. And part of that is because one of the clear things out of Takata was time, that those inflators basically had a service life. And so that question is now being asked of the future. These sensors, radars, cameras, LIDARs, et cetera, clearly have a service life. How they will be maintained is an open question that needs to be addressed in this coming period.    Mr. Rosekind. That is to be determined. Great piece to bring out, which is there are a lot of unknowns here that need to become known. That was an example of since we don't know that but we know the question, let's have the states get their group together to figure out how this is going to go for the future. Big questions there.    Mr. Rosekind. So, the good news now is everybody is very interested in seeing a unified, consistent framework. And so to your question, what we are already seeing states basically challenge with is what language they use to describe exactly what you are talking about. So, if somebody says certify the letters there, they are worried there is a whole other evaluation going on when in fact the state may just say make sure we get a copy of the letter. But those were exactly the things we have to make sure there is consistency for everyone so that patchwork doesn't get created.    Mr. Rosekind. We are not only monitoring but we actually made an effort before the policy was released to put in a chart with all of that but it is moving too fast. So, we are going to continue monitoring.    And we have just had two meetings, one about the policy, one about the template letter, and the third one is going to be with the states to talk about the state policies and other actions they might take. We are hoping that will come up this month or right after the new year.    Mr. Rosekind. So, that letter is intended to basically have whoever the manufacturer, developer, tech company, et cetera, communicate to NHTSA and the public how they have addressed those 15 safety areas. And we are trying to make it very clear we are not passing judgment. We are just ensuring that they have addressed all of those different areas. We are going to have a template for what that letter should look like. We are going to have a template for what our response could look like. And frankly, right now, the first response you might get would just be thank you or it could be send us more information about     Mr. Rosekind. So, when Secretary Foxx answered the last question when this policy was issued, that question was so does NHTSA have the right expertise. He pointed out that it was NHTSA that created this policy.    We have got the expertise. We will be looking to expand that and resources because if this area grows the way we think it could, there are going to need to be more people with that expertise into the future.    Mr. Rosekind. It is really two different elements we are getting to there. One is the 15-item safety assessment is basically to let NHTSA and the public know that these 15 areas of safety have been addressed. It is, as a policy, not required. And what we have identified, if there were regulation, there might be a requirement to submit that letter but we would keep it nimble and flexible. That 15 could become 12 or 20, based on future innovations, basically.    And really at this point, part of what we tried to do with the states to avoid the patchwork was clarify here is what the federal agencies will take care of; here is what the states should take care of. We have those vehicle standards to take care of. They should be handled by this letter.    Mr. Rosekind. So, you have just identified, and it has been raised previously, that is a vulnerability that remains. If there is a patchwork, that could really hinder not just innovation but the opportunity to save these lives. And so right now, the policy outlined some very specific ways for states, if they choose to get involved, here are some errors they could start with. This is an area I think we all have to stay tuned as meetings and discussions go on to see whether or not everyone is going to actually deliver on that unified consistent framework.    Mr. Rosekind. If you look, the policy actually is really explicit. Anybody who is in this arena should be submitting a letter, potential, so that is manufacturers, suppliers, tech companies, et cetera. One of the questions we have been getting, though, is if you have a collaboration, say between the manufacturer, a ride-sharing, and a technology company, who submits the letter. And that is something where we will work with them to basically decide whether we get one letter or at least one integrated one that has all three of those represented.    Mr. Rosekind. So we were, as part of the Department of Transportation, we are in touch with all of the department, but in particular the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration about this as well.    We had two public meetings and an open docket. So, I can tell you the trucking industry, we had a least dozen interactions with them. And in fact, to the public docket, their trade association submitted comments. So, there has been a lot of interaction with them already and there will continue to be.