    Chairman CHABOT. The Committee will come to order. I want to wish everybody a good morning. We thank you all for being here, and we have a special thanks for our witness here who has taken time away from her very busy schedule to be with us today. I would note that we may very well, in fact, we will be interrupted by votes here shortly. When that occurs, we will wrap up, not immediately, but we have 15 minutes to get over there and vote. So at some point between the bells going off and us having to be there, we will wrap up and come back after to continue the hearing, but depending on how many votes we have we could be gone anywhere from a half-hour to an hour or so.    We are here today to follow up on a hearing we held earlier this week where we heard from a distinguished panel of experts about the challenges faced by small businesses and entrepreneurs in the new sharing economy. We heard first-hand about the challenges they are facing in dealing with a broken tax code and outmoded IRS policies that are not really designed to accommodate them.    As I said in Tuesday's hearing, the IRS has not been a part of the solution as taxpayers struggle to navigate the new sharing economy. Too often it seems to have been part of the problem itself. This failure has left on-demand platform companies and their workers confused and frustrated as they try to do the right thing and pay the taxes that they owe. Congressional committees like ours have a duty to provide robust oversight of the IRS and ensure they are providing small businesses with clarity and treating them fairly. When the IRS is behind the times, it puts small businesses behind the eight ball. This must change.    We are hearing from entrepreneurs across the country that they do not fully understand their tax obligations for sharing economy income. In many cases, they do not even receive an end-of-the-year statement documenting that income. As if that was not bad enough, here is the real kicker. Many on-demand companies say they would gladly provide tax compliance training but they do not because they are afraid the IRS will reclassify their relationship and subject them to a whole new host of regulations and obligations. The current tax and regulatory climate clearly is not working for entrepreneurs in the sharing economy. We must do better and the IRS has a key responsibility here.    I recently noticed that the IRS' own mission statement on its own Web site says the agency will ``provide America's taxpayers top quality service by helping them understand meet their tax responsibilities and enforce the law with integrity and fairness to all.'' The time has come for the IRS to live up to this standard and help our entrepreneurs in the new sharing economy.    Today, we are pleased to have with us a true expert on these issues, the national taxpayer advocate, Nina Olson. She has examined these issues in-depth and will share some proposals to address these changes. We are very much looking forward to your testimony here today, and I would now like to yield to the ranking member, Ms. Velazquez, from New York, for her opening statement.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    If Committee members have opening statements prepared, we would ask that they be submitted for the record. I will take just a moment to explain our rules here as far as timing goes, which are pretty simple. You get 5 minutes and we get 5 minutes, and there is a lighting system to help you out. The green light will be on for 4 minutes--yellow light for about a minute, and then the red light, if you would not mind kind of keeping within that. We will give you a little flexibility if you need it since we only have one witness here this morning.    We are especially happy to have this witness because it is Ms. Nina Olson, who is the national taxpayer advocate, NTA, who is the voice of the taxpayer within the IRS and before Congress. She leads the Taxpayer Advocate Service, TAS, an independent organization within the IRS that helps taxpayers resolve problems and works for systemic change to mitigate problems experienced by groups of taxpayers.    Throughout her career, Ms. Olson has advocated for the rights of taxpayers and for greater fairness and less complexity in the tax system. Ms. Olson was appointed to the position of national taxpayer advocate in January 2001. Among her many accomplishments, the IRS adopted the Taxpayer Bill of Rights in June 2014, for which Ms. Olson had long advocated. Congratulations on that.    Prior to her appointment as the NTA, Ms. Olson founded and served as executive director of the Community Tax Law Project, the first independent section 501(c)(3) low-income taxpayer clinic in the United States. We thank you for that also. She is an attorney licensed in Virginia and North Carolina. We will not hold that against you, being a recovering attorney myself.    Ms. Olson, you are recognized for 5 minutes. Thanks for being here.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. I will yield myself 5 minutes.    I will begin with the first question. I think you are correct that the IRS has a great opportunity to be at the forefront of tax compliance for the sharing economy, yet we have seen, as you indicated, very little action as of yet from the IRS in this area. Does the IRS not yet realize the looming issues that are here or are there other reasons for its failure to initiate some of the actions that you describe would be helpful?    Chairman CHABOT. You brought up the current due dates for quarterly estimated payments and how they are so oddly spaced, and I was a sole practitioner attorney for years and filed my own stuff for myself and my employees. It is hard to figure, why is it like that, A, and why do they not make it just the quarters or some way that actually makes sense so that people do not have to sit down and remember, oh, yeah, the last one is in January? Is it the 15th or is it the 31st? When is it?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Maybe this is one that the Ranking Member, myself, I mean, if it really does take congressional action, maybe we could work together and offer legislation that could be bipartisan and make it happen.    Chairman CHABOT. I think so. They could thank us both. We will work on it together.    This is actually a very bipartisan Committee. We actually do work on stuff together. The other Committees are pretty awful, but this one is not. Except for the other two Committees I am on; those are good, too.    A lot of my constituents have been receiving fraudulent calls from people claiming to represent the IRS and demanding money. The Ranking Member got them. I got them. You got them. The IRS commissioner himself, Mr. Koskinen, he got them. Our tax lawyer got them as well.    I remember we had been literally on vacation and my wife is going through and listening and here is the IRS on the phone. She goes--I will not tell you what she said, but I cannot believe--the IRS, first of all, does not call you, but a lot of people do not know that. Especially what I am concerned about is seniors who may be more vulnerable to these kinds of frauds, and I have heard stories. I think it was you, actually, that told me some examples of these things which are really sad. Maybe tell an example, if you would, and what are we as the government doing to stop these things? Why is it so difficult to stop it?    Chairman CHABOT. Maybe that is something that we ought to do. My time is expired so I will end it with this, but maybe on the forms that we get from the IRS as citizens, maybe there ought to be in great big letters on the envelopes that are going out and right at the top saying that the IRS does not call and threaten and that there is a lot of fraud about this so do not do it. I would put it in big red letters or red, white, and blue letters or something and let people know. In any event, it is particularly frustrating and outrageous that people are being preyed upon by other folks. My time has expired and I would now like to--the Ranking Member is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady's time is expired.    The gentlelady from New York, Ms. Meng, who is the Ranking Member of the Agriculture, Energy, and Trade Subcommittee, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady yields back.    We will go on a second round. I will recognize myself for 5 minutes, or perhaps less if the other members would like to jump in.    First of all, you specifically mentioned that taxpayers need to be able to speak with someone and be able to reach the IRS year-round, and I think you mentioned that as of April 15th, after that they are told to go to the Web site. What type of service is the IRS currently providing that we should know about? What can we do to make this a much more taxpayer-friendly experience right now? Is it just a budget issue or are they going to tell us, well, we just need more money and more staff and then we can do more things?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. You recommended that the IRS encourage voluntary withholding agreements in exchange for a safe harbor. Would you recommend that such agreements cover employment taxes, income taxes, or both, or what would you suggest?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. You had talked about the IRS creating an online wizard to help sharing economy workers. How exactly would you envision that working?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. I have got about 40 seconds left. Let me just get back to the business about the fraudulent calls which are occurring. We talked about an example of what happened and what is happening. Would you let us know if you can talk to the IRS what their response is about making this a much higher visibility thing on what they are sending out anyway so we can inform the public?    Chairman CHABOT. Then secondly, and finally, what do you hear back from the IRS about why they have not been more successful in stopping this type of behavior since they know it is going on and since it is so widespread?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. My time is expired.    The ranking member is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    Does the gentlelady from New York have any other questions? Okay.    We have done something very unusual. We are wrapping up early and we are doing it before the votes. We greatly appreciate your testimony here today. In addition to the testimony that we had on Tuesday, I think we learned a lot, really a great deal about the tax challenges faced by participants in the so-called sharing economy, and we got into some of the problems that all taxpayers have, whether they are in the sharing economy or not.    I am particularly pleased that we were able to get somewhat into the fraudulent stuff that is going on out there because there are people being victimized. To the extent that we can reduce or eliminate that, we certainly ought to be about that. We look forward to working with you and other stakeholders to rise to the challenge of encouraging the growth and continued success of the so-called sharing economy. It is a rapidly growing example of how the free market, if it is working right, can work and how we are going to create the jobs of the future.    I would ask unanimous consent that members have 5 legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered. If there is no further business to come before the Committee, we are adjourned. You can all go home. Thank you.