    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this hearing on VA's future plan to improve billing and reimbursement practices so that providers in the community can expect prompt, accurate payments for services rendered to veterans in a community setting.    We are all aware of the challenges that face the department in this area. Numerous VA Inspector Generals' Reports, Government Accountability Office reports, and the recently released independent assessment all outline several problems that VA should and needs to address in order to ensure that proper billing and reimbursement practices are put in place and adhered to.    The department is first and foremost a health care provider, not an insurer of care. Congress saw the need to address the wait time crisis that surfaced in 2014. The Veterans Choice Program was authorized as a temporary program to address that issue. Congress has now required VA to consolidate their numerous purchased care programs under one umbrella in order to become more efficient and less confusing for veterans, employees, and providers.    The new Veterans Choice Program offered by VA in the care consolidation plan is designed to do just that. Now that the wait time crisis has subsided, it is important to ensure the VA continues its mission of providing health care to our Nation's veterans.    It is important we remember that VA was built to provide unique medical services to veterans who suffer from combat-related injuries and illnesses. We know veterans feel that they get the best care at the VA. It is our job to make sure that the VA has the resources it needs to provide medical care services veterans need.    We know the current claims infrastructure and claims processes are complex and inefficient due to highly manual procedures. VA lacks a centralized data repository to support auto adjudication.    According to VA, there are more than 70 centers processing claims across 30 different claims systems. VA's system is a labor intensive, paper-based process that results in late and sometimes incorrect payments.    The Government Accountability Office reports that VA's expenditures for its care in the community programs, veterans for whom VA has purchased care, and the number of claims processed by the Veterans Health Administration have grown considerably in recent years.    In fiscal year 2015, VA obligated about $10.1 billion for its care in the community programs for about 1.5 million veterans. This is compared to fiscal year 2012 when VA spent about $4.5 billion on care in the community programs for about 983,000 veterans, about 50 percent less.    The most startling statistic is that the number of processed claims for VA care in the community programs increased by 81 percent. Given this increase and the state of VA's information technology infrastructure, we potentially have a long, expensive road ahead of us. It will be no small task to fix this problem, and we must work together to get this right.    Mr. Chairman, I am interested to hear from the department in more detail on how they plan to implement improvements, how much it will cost, and what they will need from us legislatively or otherwise in order for the plan to succeed.    I agree with The American Legion that a strong, robust veterans' health care system that is designed to treat the unique needs of those men and women who have served our country is what we need. Getting there in a timely manner remains to be seen.    I look forward to hearing from all the witnesses today, and I look forward in the coming days to bring the best quality care to all of our veterans. Thank you and I yield back my time.    Mr. Takano. Thank you very much.    Mr. Abe, you mentioned your comments about the risks posed by inadequate controls. Can you elaborate a little bit more what you meant, that part of your comments? What controls were you referring to?    Mr. Takano. Okay. I don't know who can answer this question, but where do third-party administrators fit into the new Veterans Choice Program? Are you going to create your own high-performing network in-house or how will the VA communicate with veterans using care in the community for their health care?    Mr. Takano. So you are looking for a third-party administrator?    Mr. Takano. All right. I want to get to another question. I know you had a second example, but I want to get this question out there. The Administration is proposing a creation, the creation of a fourth medical care account, medical community care. This account estimated at $7.3 billion will be funded out of medical services for fiscal year 2017, but is included as a separate request for fiscal year 2018 at $9.4 billion.    What will the creation of an additional health care appropriation account mean in terms of the budget flexibility the secretary has continued to call for, and how will this additional account better enable VA to meet demand and provide quality and timely care to veterans?    Mr. Takano. So, Dr. Migliaccio, I mean, so you are not going to build this billing system in-house? It is going to be a third-party administrator that you are looking to work with?    Mr. Takano. All right. Thank you.    Mr. Takano. You know, I just am struck by, I just want to remind everyone on the Committee that the VA was never set up to be an insurer and a payer. And so it is a revolution of sorts that we are undergoing. I mean, increased only, accelerated in the last two or three years. But you were set up mainly to be a provider organization. And the mind set has been that you are a provider organization. It is not that you have a bias against care in the community, it is that you know the integrated health care that you provide was, you know, the idea that you are getting the records back was all about making sure that we manage the patient's care.    But now that we are looking at other approaches, and it looks like we are moving in the direction of maybe a permanent program of care in the community that is going to maybe expand over time, you know, you are setting up the systems to do that and taking on more of the characteristics of provider organization as well as an insurer and a payer. So it was never really set up to be like Medicare, which is a payer organization. So let us make that distinction. And a lot of the beating up, the beating up on the department, you know, it can be put into context. And so that is what I want to make sure we clarify. That you are undergoing this attempt to become, take on more of the role of a payer, somewhat of an insurer, and working with other partners.    Mr. Takano. Gentlemen, so you know the VA as a provider, historically has had, I think an interest in managing patient care in house. Over, from what I can tell, over the last several years it has initiated a number of contract programs to be able to refer patients out when they did not have certain services in house, whether it was OB/GYN or certain specialties. But now we seem to be at a point where we have authorized a temporary program that the Secretary is now saying that he would like to see permanent, which is this, the Choice Act, which was initially conditioned on how far you lived away. But that seems to all be, but now we are looking at consolidating all of these care in the community programs, all of these different contract programs now.    And Chairman Benishek, you know, asked you your comfort level with this idea of becoming more like Medicare. Medicare, as you know, is not like the VA in the sense that it does not have, you know, its own hospitals, its own doctors. You know, it is a payment agency, right? Is that what your two organizations are comfortable with moving toward? When he says Medicare model, that VA maybe is less and less an institution that has its own doctors and is going to contract everything out? And it is kind of like we are more a payer agency?    Mr. Takano. Mr. Fuentes?    Mr. Takano. So we are not talking here about this question about reducing personnel in the VA because it is now being taken up outside the VA. That is, your organizations are not interested in that, is that correct?    Mr. Takano. So you know the Secretary has used language and has said, you know, that he wants to, he is interested in making Choice permanent. I mean, that is what I have heard, you know, being said. So you still envision the Choice program as something that should be temporary? Because this question about how much money we are going to spend on IT systems to make VA more efficient at billing, more efficient at paying, I mean we can justify that based on what kind of VA prospectively we are looking at. I do believe we should be paying people more efficiently and taking away the bureaucratic problems in terms of whether we require them to get the records back before they are paid. But you know, the question of how much we invest in this, I mean, I think has some relationship to what kind of VA we are looking prospectively at--    Mr. Takano. Okay, thank you. My time is up and--    Mr. Takano. Thank you for clarifying your position. Thank you.