    Mr. Corwin. Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Nadler, Subcommittee Members, I am Philip Corwin on behalf of the Internet Commerce Association, a domain industry trade group and member of ICANN's business constituency which I represent on ICANN's GNSO council.    I commend the Subcommittee for this hearing. Congress has a legitimate interest in an IANA transition and enhanced ICANN accountability that proceeds soundly and effectively. The stakes include the security and stability of the DNS, Internet free expression, and uncensored information.    Two cliches are apropos today. The first is, ``If it ain't broke, don't fix it.'' The ICA consensus is that U.S. stewardship has been benign and beneficial and that ICANN accountability should proceed on its own merits. But the second is, ``You can't put the toothpaste back in the tube.'' The NTIA's announcement raised global expectations. Hundreds of ICANN community members have already expended thousands of hours in designing transition and accountability measures. Therefore, Congress should not reflexively oppose the IANA transition but should exercise strong oversight and support of ICANN stakeholders.    While enhanced ICANN accountability measures are overdue, they will operate best only if ICANN's board and senior staff embrace a culture of accountability that assumes responsibility for the fallout of ICANN decisions and encompasses early consultation with the multi-stakeholder community that provides its organizational legitimacy.    We are some distance from that culture. The road to the NTIA's announcement led through Montevideo and Brasilia and was paved by ICANN's misappropriation of the Snowden disclosures. The CEO's travels in South America were backed by a secret September 2013 ICANN board resolution. These actions were not transparent or accountable and reflected no community consultation.    ICANN's community is now on the right stewardship and accountability track, but a final package will not be ready by September 30, much less the implementation of required pre-transition accountability measures. Therefore, NTIA should announce an ICANN contract extension soon. The final package must set key community rights in tandem with ICANN accountabilities in its bylaws and articles of incorporation.    Turning to .SUCKS, ICANN's request that the FTC and OCA in Canada determine its legality was an abdication of responsibility rather than its embrace. ICANN had more than a year to explore and take appropriate action under multiple contract options. There are other new TLD program issues. While the jury is still out on the program's ultimate success, the total number of new domains seems larger than market demand and many TLDs are practically giving domains away, which aids spammers and phishers. Major unresolved consumer protection and technical issues remain unsolved, as well as uncertainty about spending $60 million in auction fees that ICANN has collected.    The rights protection mechanisms for new TLDs are working well, but any review of domain dispute procedures should set standard contracts between ICANN and arbitration providers that ensure uniform administration. There are no such contracts today. ICANN must start taking responsibility for fair administration of domain disputes.    Finally, besides ensuring full satisfaction of NTIA's principles, Congress should confirm that ICANN's continued post-transition U.S. jurisdiction is accepted and not a new irritation for those who would make ICANN a multilateral organization. You should also know that the transition does not mean ICANN will assume technical operation of key Internet functions. ICANN lacks the technical capacity to do so and is dependent on the experience and expertise of stakeholders for maintaining core functions. While the NTIA's announcement requires stakeholders to address certain important policies, there is no equivalent need to revamp DNS technical operations. The continued operational excellence of those operations will bolster the confidence of global users and the Internet's stability, security, and resilience.    I hope my testimony has been helpful to your inquiry. I would be happy to answer any questions, and I yield back the remaining 30 seconds of my time.    Mr. Corwin. Chairman, absolutely, we need more time, and in particular I would single out that the proposal put out by the working group on the naming functions, they need to schedule a second comment period. They put out an incomplete proposal for only 28 days comment, and they can't send it on to the next step until they give us a full proposal.    Mr. Corwin. I am not sure I said there are too many. I said that the jury is still out on the overall success of the program. So far--and I represent professional domain investors, and they are being very selective about which new gTLDs they are acquiring, new domains.    The way I have thought about it is what company would introduce 1,400 new products in an 18-month period? I don't know any company that would do that. The market gets confused when there is that much new choice and new product. Even people within the community have a hard time keeping up with all the new names introduced each week, and as a result we see some of the leading top-level domains in terms of total registrations offering domains free or for 49 cents to a dollar to hype up their numbers, but it is not clear that anyone is going to renew those domains when they push the prices up to market price.    So the jury is out, but I just don't personally see market demand for 1,400 new ones, of which 800 are for the general public.    Could I just speak briefly to your last question?    Mr. Corwin. The .SUCKS second-level domain treatment under the World Intellectual Property Organization arbitration guidance, particularly in North America and the U.S. where we have the First Amendment, is if you have company name Sucks.com, if it is a Web site used for legitimate criticism of a company or an individual, it is not infringement. If it is using that name and then infringing on their trademarks or their copyright and intellectual property, it is infringement. So you have to look at the content of the Web site. But the big difference is that nobody with a .com Sucks site is asking $2,500 a year to register it.    Mr. Corwin. Excuse me?    Mr. Corwin. A .com site pricing is frozen right now under a Commerce Department decision, and the other incumbent top-level domains tended to price around the same amount as .com, around $8 per domain per year, simply to be competitive. They couldn't get too high above that price and attract customers.    Mr. Corwin. Certainly there is a big difference between DarrellIssaSucks.com--excuse me for saying that; it is not my personal belief--being available----    Mr. Corwin. If it is registered, if it is criticizing your views on politics, it is okay. If it----    Mr. Corwin. But you can still acquire it for $9.99 a year, not $2,500 a year.    To answer what Ms. Stark said, there was an ICANN staff report on new rights protection mechanisms, and this was the numbers as of February. At that time there were 4 million total registrations in new TLDs, but there were 25 million claims notices generated. Now, let me explain that. When someone starts to register a term that is registered in the Trademark Clearinghouse, let's say it is Amazon, they get a notice that your use of this domain may be infringing, and then it is their decision. If they want a Web site about the Amazon rain forest, they can go ahead. If they want to pretend they are Amazon, they do it at their own risk.    In my opinion, there were not six times as many attempts to register infringing domains as there were actual domains registered at that point in time, and I have written an article about this. I have talked to the Trademark Clearinghouse people at the INTA meeting last week in San Diego. The only explanation I can get is that some parties--and they may be operators of new registries--began registrations not with the intent of registering domains but to find out--every time they get a claims notice back they say, oh, that name is in the clearinghouse, and now I can set a premium price for it. So a mechanism that was put in place to protect trademark holders is now being used to set extremely high prices from trademark holders.    Mr. Corwin. Just to add to that, this is the legacy of the fact that the United States invented the Internet and created these two top-level domains for military and government use. The transition should, of course, ensure that there are permanent contracts for the U.S. to continue operating them in perpetuity.    This is also why it is important that ICANN's jurisdiction stay within the U.S. It is also important to maintain U.S. jurisdiction because--I want to commend ICANN. ICANN has funded two very expert outside law firms to work at the direction of the community to design the new accountability measures, but they are being designed to fit within the framework of California public benefit corporation law, and if the jurisdiction ever changes, the accountability measures may no longer work or work as effectively.    So keeping these requires a contract, and making sure that it stays stable over the decades requires maintaining U.S. jurisdiction.    Mr. Corwin. Well, I think we are carrying out this experiment now with the first round of top-level domains and we are going to see what the market demand is. It was very expensive for these applicants to bid for each of these so-called strings. There was a $185,000 application fee. The average cost, when you put in the consultants and attorneys and the back-end technical providers, you are talking about half-a-million to a million dollars per application just before you open it. If there is no market for this, it is hard to think that those types of applicants will be there at the next round. There may be .BRAND applicants. Hopefully there will be more applicants in foreign letter characters, Arabic and such.    But the key thing here--and then there are other costs. Dot-SUCKS, for example, had to spend an additional $3 million to win an auction because they were one of three applicants for that.    So I think the market will take care of this to some extent.    Mr. Corwin. But in terms of pejorative terms like that, ``sucks,'' there has to be some type of public interest standard. If that is allowed to proceed, why wouldn't we see in the second round applications for .LIAR, .CRIMINAL, .BLOWS the type of top-level domain that no person or company wants to be associated with?    Mr. Corwin. The program should provide names that people want for positive reasons, not that they want to buy to protect themselves.    Mr. Corwin. Representing a trade group of domain investors which carefully watches what market value is placed on Web sites, .com domains, short non-infringing dictionary words with .com continue to command the highest price in the marketplace. That doesn't mean it will last forever, that there won't be other new TLDs which challenge that dominance down the road. But in today's marketplace a good short, non-infringing name with .com is a very valuable asset.    Mr. Corwin. In fact, even individuals and companies that have acquired new TLDs, in many cases that new domain, when you type it in, it redirects you and you end up at their older .com Web site. So I am not saying----    Mr. Corwin. Yes, don't send your school child to whitehouse.com.    I think as .brands enter the market, big corporations advertising at .company, the consumer will start to be educated to think more about the right of the dot. But we remain primarily in a .com world today.    Mr. Corwin. It really depends on the specific top-level domain. As I said, there was substantial up-front investment to apply for each one. Let me give you an example.    Mr. Corwin. I think if it gives positive value to the domain registrant and they believe it is worth it, and there may be other costs involved--the American Bankers Association and the Financial Roundtable applied for and they are getting .bank. That is only open to regulated financial institutions. They perceive value in that because it will be a tool for preventing phishing and other financial scams that are carried out through incumbent TLDs, and that validation process and other security measures associated with a top-level domain can justify a higher price to the registrant.    You have to investigate each case, but we don't want people being coerced to buy domains at much higher prices than they would ever pay if they didn't feel that if someone else gets that name, it is going to cause them reputational harm.    Mr. Corwin. As a public benefit corporation, they certainly have an obligation to act in the public interest, and there has been a tremendous amount of money generated by the new top-level domain program, about a third of a billion dollars in application fees alone.    There is something going on right now that----