    Ms. Edwards. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to our witnesses today because I think you have been really patient. But you can also tell how important this issue is to so many of us on this committee and in the Congress.    We do know that neglected problems have a way eventually of falling down on us. And I think in my district we had that experience just a few weeks ago in early February when a block of concrete fell down from an overpass around our Capital Beltway onto a woman who was just running her errands. Fortunately, she was not injured and did not injure others on the road, but it could have been a disaster.    I have said before on this committee, I shudder to think that every time I am driving, I have to actually look up in addition to paying attention to what is going on around me on the roads. And so we are at a really important time when we have to figure out both how we pay for it and the fact that we are investing in our infrastructure.    The incident that happened there is just illustrative of many incidents that have happened over the course of time, even since I've been on this committee. We were dealing then with the aftermath and the report back from the bridge collapsing in Minnesota. And I would note that on that project, the process was expedited, Federal funding was provided, local funding provided, and the project was completed in short order. So we can actually do this when it comes to our infrastructure.    The Woodrow Wilson Bridge right out in my district connecting Maryland and Virginia and the District of Columbia, all three of the jurisdictions put in their money. The Feds put in Federal money. And the project was completed on budget and on time.    And so I think we have a number of examples where we can go through a process that respects the environmental considerations, that respects the local jurisdictions, allows them to put up the resources that they need, and gets the job done.    And I have a question for you all. One, for AASHTO, Mr. Cox, I read through your testimony and I appreciate that you make a note to all of us that Federal funding is a supplement--the State funding is a supplement to the Federal program. That is your words, not as a substitute for Federal programs.    Because I think sometimes we forget that, and as the Highway Trust Fund is preparing to expire and we have to reauthorize that and extend it for a period of time so that long-term projects can get done and not just the short-term projects, I am reminded that in our State we took some extraordinary measures a couple of years ago.    And so we actually are going to be able to wait the tide out and will not run out of money, actually, until next year that would supplement our Highway Trust Fund. But that is not the case for all of our States, and it means that we are not going to be able to spend money on some projects that we would ordinarily do if we had an assurance of a Federal partner.    Also, in your testimony, Mr. Cox, you indicated that there has to be an important balance struck between transit and traditional highway funding. And I appreciate your striking that because as Mayor Becker knows, Governor McCrory if he were here, he would say the same thing. You have got jurisdictions that serve as regional hubs. We need the combination of the transit and the roads for our agriculture and other kinds of commerce.    And so I wonder if the two of you could say what kinds of revenue sources your organization would support or not. Is it vehicle miles traveled? Is it an increase in the gas tax? Is it indexing the gas tax to inflation? Is it an infrastructure bank? Be really specific because we have to be specific when it comes to getting our work done on this committee.    Ms. Edwards. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.