    Mr. Baron. Chairwoman Walorski, Ranking Member McGovern, and Members of the Subcommittee, I appreciate the opportunity to testify regarding evidence-based solutions in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP Program. I am testifying on behalf of the Laura and John Arnold Foundation. My testimony will first discuss how evidence-based reforms and other entitlement programs, such as welfare and Unemployment Insurance, have identified several highly effective strategies for increasing participants' success in finding employment, while simultaneously reducing government spending. Then I will offer some concrete ideas for advancing similar reforms within SNAP.    In welfare policy in the 1980s and 1990s a large number of randomized control trials of state and local welfare-to-work programs were conducted across the United States. Such studies are widely considered the gold standard method of evaluating program effectiveness, and this was the first time that such rigorous randomized methods were deployed on a large scale in social spending instead of the usual evaluation methods, which often produce much less reliable answers.    Some of the welfare studies found modest effects. Some of them found no effects. But one trial in Riverside County, California in the late 1980s of a work-focused welfare-to-work program was a blockbuster. The program was found to increase employment and earnings by 40 percent over 5 years for single parent long-term welfare recipients, compared to the control group, and to produce net savings to the taxpayer of over $20 million county-wide by reducing participants use of welfare and food stamps.    Around the same time, a different randomized controlled trial in Los Angeles, of their welfare-to-work program, which provided remedial education to welfare recipients, found no meaningful effects. Based on these findings, Los Angeles scrapped its program, borrowed the key elements of the Work First Riverside model, and implemented it county-wide in Los Angeles County. When the Los Angeles Program was tested in a subsequent randomized control trial, it was found, lo and behold--also to produce impressive effects--about a 25 percent increase in employment and earnings, and net savings to the taxpayer of about $30 million.    Riverside, and Los Angeles, and several similar studies that followed had a major influence on national welfare policy, helping to build the political consensus for the work requirements in the 1996 Welfare Reform Act. In my written testimony I describe a randomized trial in a different entitlement program, Unemployment Insurance, UI, that has recently identified a highly effective strategy developed by the State of Nevada for assisting UI claimants to find employment.    Now, in SNAP, building similar evidence-based solutions that produce important improvements in participants' lives is possible. The Agriculture Department's ten state pilot program that you referred to, Madam Chairman, is a valuable step, and it was great to see that that program is using randomized trials to evaluate the ten different state pilots. But to build a body of proven effective strategies within SNAP, as in welfare, will require a much larger effort, and specifically strategic trial and error. In other words, rigorously testing many promising reforms to identify the few that are effective.    The instances of effectiveness that I just described in welfare and UI are exceptions that have emerged from testing a much larger pool of strategies. More generally, most innovations, typically 80 to 90 percent, are found to produce weak or no positive effects when rigorously evaluated, a pattern that occurs not just in social spending, but in other fields where randomized trials have been carried out, including medicine and business.    Now, my written testimony offers several concrete suggestions to greatly accelerate the rate of innovation and rigorous evaluation in SNAP, and to do it in a cost-effective way. First, we suggest that the Federal Government incentivize states to use their existing funds for SNAP employment and training to rigorously evaluate new employment and training strategies. One important incentive, similar to what was done in welfare would be to allow states to share in any budget savings that result from an employment and training strategy that is demonstrated through a rigorous evaluation to be effective. Another incentive, also used in welfare, would be for the Federal Government to fund \1/2\ the cost of these state level evaluations, with states funding the other \1/2\.    Our second main recommendation, designed to maximize the number of strategies that can be evaluated within a given budget, would be to use low cost randomized trials as a main evaluation method, and my written testimony describes how such methods are increasingly possible in social spending by using administrative data to measure the outcomes.    In conclusion, there is every reason to believe that, with robust state level innovation and rigorous evaluation in SNAP, we can succeed in identifying highly effective strategies for increasing workforce success and self-sufficiency of program participants.    Mr. Baron. There are other policy areas, as I mentioned in my written statement and in my oral statement, like welfare, where there have been a large body of rigorous evaluations that have built a sizable body of strategies that have been shown effective in a variety of goals, including increasing workforce participation and success of program participants. In SNAP there have not been. There have not been a body of such studies.    There have been some, and there have been an increasing number in recent years, including the ten state pilots that are going forward, that have been scientifically rigorous enough to provide a credible answer about whether the program worked or not. And an area that Congressman McGovern touched on, one of the positive examples of a recent rigorous randomized trial that was done, sponsored by the Department of Agriculture, was providing summer electronic benefits for children, they don't get school lunches during the summer, so electronic summer benefits was a way of expanding the food benefits they receive. And it was tested in a rigorous evaluation to determine the effect on child hunger, and it did find an effect. But the number of studies like that that are done within SNAP to try to identify what works is very small, compared to other areas. Literally a handful of examples. I think there is a need for a much more robust effort at innovation at the state and local level, coupled with rigorous evaluation.    Mr. Baron. Well, it is a good question. One thing that was unique about the Riverside study was that it was a scientifically rigorous study, and it had a 5 year follow-up. And there was no question that it produced a meaningful improvement in people's life outcomes, an improvement of about 40 percent in their employment and earnings. And because they were employed and earning, it produced sizable savings to the government of several thousand dollars per person in food stamps and welfare.    It was done with a very wide slice of welfare participants. And in Los Angeles County, where it was replicated, it was implemented for every welfare participant in all of Los Angeles, and also shown to be effective. Los Angeles County, at the time, had the largest welfare population in the United States. So for that particular study, this particular approach of moving people from welfare into the workforce, was demonstrated credibly in one county, and then demonstrated credibly on a very large scale for a large number of people in another county, for single parent, long-term welfare recipients, as well as two parent participants, to have large effects. And that is why it had such an important policy impact.    Mr. Baron. There have been a lot of studies that have been done, not specifically in food stamps, but in other areas, in Unemployment Insurance and employment programs for hard to employ populations. There have been a number of rigorous studies that have been done in welfare-to-work that have identified, in a few cases, not many, some highly effective approaches for increasing the workforce success of low-income families.    If I were a state, or advising a state, my suggestion would be to look very carefully at what has been learned in those prior studies. There are a few programs, even if they are in different program areas, but with low-income populations, that have produced really large impacts on peoples' life outcomes, and to see whether adaptations of those programs for a food stamps population could be tested. So the short answer is I would look to the prior research to identify what is most promising, and try that in food stamps.    Mr. Baron. If the Federal Government were to incentivize state level innovation, I agree with you, it would need to circumscribe the types of innovations that would be allowed. There would be great flexibility, but you don't want to allow experimentation that is likely to cause harm.    But within circumscribed limits, there are probably many different strategies--useful strategies, plausible strategies--that could be tested. What was done in welfare, starting in the Bush Senior Administration was that the Federal Government, HHS, allowed states to try their own welfare reform innovations, and HHS waived provisions of Federal law to allow those state innovations--but HHS required a rigorous randomized trial to determine whether that innovation worked or did not work. And that is the reason why you have such a large body of scientific evidence that was built about what works in welfare.    When President Clinton came into office, he said, I am going to continue the state level waivers, the innovations that I agree with, and the ones that I disagree with.    Mr. Baron. Yes.    Ms. Lujan Grisham.--the 6 seconds that I have, but I really encourage this Committee to remember that there are states who--even without waivers, and exceptions, and changes have not done the jobs that we intend, as policymakers, for these programs, and we have a responsibility to require accountability in any of these kinds of designs.    The Chairwoman. Thank you. I do appreciate the panel's help in understanding how we can better balance flexibility and accountability to help our recipients climb the economic ladder. You have certainly given us plenty to think about as we continue our look at the past, present, and future of the SNAP Program. No system is perfect, we understand, but we can always do better.    Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material, supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any question posed by any Member. This hearing of the Committee on the Agriculture, Nutrition Subcommittee, is adjourned.