    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the witnesses for being here today. One of the most significant changes under Planning 2.0 would be moving to the implementation of a landscape-level management of resources. I don't want to knock the landscape-level process, because it is used by large private landowners and you can look at individual management of stands and then the conglomeration into the landscape. So, the science of that I don't necessarily disagree with, but we have to make sure that the process is still followed and that you still have the state and local-level input into that process, so that all the views are being represented and that we are not shifting power away from the local communities.    Mr. Fontaine, are you concerned that this change will centralize management planning in DC, rather than at the state and local level? Do you feel like state and local authorities will still have a role in this?    Mr. Westerman. Do you believe the current system benefits states by allowing for closer relationships with Federal officials in the state and field offices?    Mr. Westerman. But do you think if the decision process is moved to DC or a more centralized process, do you think that would give outside groups, who may not have a local interest in the landscape, undue influence?    Mr. Westerman. I would like to ask Mr. Ogsbury and Ms. Clarke your thoughts on the BLM shift to landscape-level management.    Mr. Westerman. I am almost out of time, Mr. Chairman. I will yield back and hang around.    Mr. Westerman. Thank you again, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Lyons, welcome to the committee. In full disclosure to the committee, the last time I think Jim and I were in the same room, he was a visiting professor at Yale when I was taking a policy class; so I am glad you gave me a good grade in the class.    Mr. Westerman. I remember from that class one of the discussions we had was in resource management, that government is more effective when it was closest to the people. That was a topic we discussed quite a bit. I still believe that is true and hold true to that. I am very concerned about when we enact policy that moves government or moves decisions further away from the people.    I am also concerned that when we are looking at resources, we get the policy and the science on the same page. As I said earlier, the science behind landscape management is not all bad, you get some benefits from things like landscape-wide stewardship contracting, or areas to maximize the use of the resource much better.    But I am really concerned if we do not do this correctly, then we will be taking the decision away from the people who are most affected by the decision; and the decisions will be based more on politics, rather than science. And in the end, the American public loses because our resources are not managed well.    Could you just elaborate a little bit on how we can be assured that this rule will still keep decisions local, that there will be collaborative efforts, and that those that are most affected by these management decisions will have, not only a seat at the table, but the front seat at the table.    Mr. Westerman. I yield back.