    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Yes, just quickly, I think it is a very important issue, I think it is very appropriate to have the hearing on it. I think, you know, part of the issue with closing Guantanamo is--and I agree with the chairman actually, I think that ISIS and Al Qaeda will come up with whatever excuse they want to come up with.    But the other issue that we have to deal with Guantanamo is not just what ISIS or Al Qaeda thinks of it, but what some of our allies think of it. You know, critical to our ability to round up some terrorists throughout the world has been our close working relationship with a lot of our European allies and others, all of whom continue to be troubled by the presence of Guantanamo. So, you know, will they cooperate with us if they think the possibility of that cooperation will lead to an inmate being sent to Guantanamo? Maybe yes, maybe no, but I think that that is a problem. And is still an eyesore that goes beyond our enemies who, as the chairman correctly points out, will find any number of different reasons to strike out at us.    And I will also agree that we need a vigorous oversight. We need to, you know, make sure, you know, of who is really eligible for release and who isn't, but I think the track record that Ms. Speier, you know, outlined shows that we have learned the lessons from the pre-2009 days, and we are doing a much, much better job of keeping careful track of who can be released and who can't be released, and that has been reflected in the statistics. There is never a 100 percent guarantee, but the track record has definitely improved.    And lastly, I would say that, you know, in order to close Guantanamo, you don't have to release all of the prisoners. That has never been the position, or my position anyway, in terms of what we should do in terms of closing Guantanamo. It is just that the presence of the prison continues to be an international eyesore, as I mentioned, to our allies much more importantly than to our enemies.    And second, we have the capability in the United States of America to house some of the most dangerous people in the world. We have well over 300 terrorists that are in U.S. Federal prisons. It has always been, you know, just a total straw man, bogus argument that has been set up, we can't bring these people here because they are dangerous. Well regrettably, every society has to figure out a rational way and a safe way to deal with very dangerous people. And if we as a society here in the United States cannot safely hold dangerous people, then we are in a heck of a lot of trouble, whether Guantanamo exists or not. Whatever the population is, and I think the population is down to what--Mr. Lewis, sorry, it's about 122?    Mr. Smith. So, you know, whatever percent of that population, and I again forget the numbers, but I think it is about half of that I think that have been deemed unreleaseable for the time being or that we don't want to release them, there is no reason on Earth that they can't be safely housed here in the U.S., as we already have with hundreds of terrorists. So we can get rid of an international eyesore, adequately protect ourselves, and I think move forward in a positive direction.    And let us not forget that I don't think in the history of the world there has been a more expensive prison than Guantanamo. I am going to get the number off here again, but it is somewhere--well, let's let Jackie give it--Jackie gives me all the numbers, she has got the sheet in front of her. It is like $3 million per inmate per year to hold them in Guantanamo, as compared with somewhere in the neighborhood of $75,000 to $80,000 a year for maximum security here in the U.S. It simply doesn't make policy sense to keep Guantanamo open.    Part of that policy is sensibly figuring out who can be released and who can't be. But the other part of that policy is closing the prison and safely holding those who we need to continue to hold here in the United States.    And with that, I thank the chairwoman for her indulgence, her time and the hearing, and yield back.