    Dr. Robinson. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you today. I am Dr. Robin Robinson, Director of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, and Deputy Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, as well as a former developer of influenza vaccines in industry.    BARDA is the Federal Government agency mandated to support advanced research and development, and procurement of novel and innovative medical countermeasures such as vaccines, therapeutics, diagnostics, and medical devices for the entire Nation to address the medical consequences of manmade and naturally occurring threats like the H1N1 pandemic, the 2013 H7N9 influenza outbreak, and the current Ebola epidemic.    Pandemic influenza is one of our primary concerns. We understand that preparedness for pandemic influenza is directly tied to seasonal influenza. Medical countermeasures for seasonal influenza underpin the vaccines, antivirals, and diagnostics used for pandemic influenza. BARDA has invested in the advanced development of medical countermeasures that have utility for both seasonal and pandemic influenza preparedness.    BARDA transitions medical countermeasures from early research and development at NIH, into advanced development toward FDA approval and potential procurement. BARDA has funded and successfully managed the advanced development of more than 60 medical countermeasures for pandemic influenza. More than 20 of these medical countermeasures for influenza have been FDA approved, with 6 receiving approval in the last 3 years, as Dr. Midthun indicated. Additionally, BARDA developed and procured vaccines and antivirals used in the 2009 H1N1 pandemic, and stockpiled vaccines for preparedness against H5N1 and H7N9 viruses. BARDA, through partnerships with NIH, CDC, FDA, industry, and academia, has met and overcome many but not all of the challenges inherent to making medical countermeasures associated with seasonal and pandemic influenza. Specifically, BARDA, with our partners, has made major progress in the following pandemic areas.    First, modernization of influenza vaccine manufacturing through the development and licensure of new cell- and recombinant-based influenza vaccines, and antigen-sparing pandemic vaccines with adjuvants towards meeting our strategic goal of more and better influenza vaccines sooner. These new vaccines were part of our successful H7N9 response in 2013.    Second, shortening influenza vaccine manufacturing time by weeks, effected through the Influenza Vaccine Manufacturing Improvement initiative, as recommended by PCAST, to optimize the generation of high-yielding vaccine seed strains, and alternative potency and sterility assays. Many of these improvements, such as biosynthetic technology, were employed during the H7N9 vaccine response in 2013, which was the fastest on record.    Third, establishment and maintenance of pre-pandemic influenza vaccine stockpiles for H5 and H7N9 viruses that may be used to immunize tens of millions of persons at the onset of an influenza pandemic with these viruses.    Fourth, and last, multi-fold expansion of domestic pandemic influenza vaccine production capacity, afforded by retrofitting of older manufacturing plants, building new state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities for making 21st century influenza vaccine, and establishing three centers for innovation and advanced development and manufacturing, with rapid, nimble, and flexible manufacturing capabilities through public-private partnerships with industry.    The new national infrastructure responded in 2013 to the H7N9 outbreaks, and today, in the Ebola epidemic. Despite these significant accomplishments, our pandemic preparedness work is not over. Making a more effective influenza vaccine remains a significant scientific challenge. Indeed, progress towards more effective influenza vaccines has been noted in recent years, but much more is needed.    Going forward, there is reason for hope that more effective influenza vaccines may be within our grasp. The discovery of new influenza viral targets within the last 4 years has renewed interests and efforts to develop new universal influenza vaccine candidates.    Developing more effective pandemic influenza vaccines is one of our top priorities, and BARDA will support new methods based on evolutionary biology that may help forecasting and selection of new seasonal and pandemic influenza vaccine strains.    In parallel, we are launching this month an initiative to support advanced development of new, more effective influenza vaccine candidates that may elicit greater, broader, longer immunity in all populations against divergent influenza virus variants, and that may serve as primers for pandemic influenza vaccines.    In conclusion, influenza viruses with pandemic potential continue to evolve and change, infect animals and man, and pose significant threats to global and domestic public health. This year's limited seasonal influenza vaccine effectiveness, and the arrival of the first human case of H7N9 virus in North America underscore our urgent need to complete this mission. To be better prepared, our Nation must continue to invest in domestic pandemic preparedness, and work with key global partners.    I thank you for this opportunity to discuss how we can be better prepared for seasonal and pandemic influenza, and I look forward to your questions.    Dr. Robinson. Absolutely.    Dr. Robinson. Yes, the following season.    Dr. Robinson. That is right. I mean, as Dr. Fauci pointed out, we actually have new ways to actually make these vaccines by looking at a different portion of one protein. We normally make the vaccines against the hemagglutinin and our immunities to that, the head of that, and now we can actually look at the stalk which we are making these candidates. We may be able, that way, to protect against many different drifted strains and serve as a primer for a pandemic so that you have one dose of this, so you only need one dose of pandemic vaccines instead of maybe two.    Dr. Robinson. Thank you. During the manufacturing season, they are producing three or four vaccine strains all the way to June, maybe even July if it is a tough year for them. At that time--and most of those are egg-based. At that time, they within the summer are putting those together, we call them blending and putting together, to go forward with the vaccine that was released in September to go out on the shelves.    The ability to have what was called a competent vaccine that could be very quickly--that is certainly true, it can be maybe faster than some of the egg-based vaccines, but the capacity that we have right now with the licensed vaccine, the only one recombinant-based vaccine, is very, very small. It would have only been able to produce maybe hundreds of thousands of----    Dr. Robinson . Doses.    Dr. Robinson. No, no.    Dr. Robinson. One instance, it is a new vaccine----    Dr. Robinson . And, two, since it is a new vaccine, they are just scaling up to the market. This is an incumbent market, very competitive, and they were licensed in 2013. We are actually supporting their efforts in building a much larger facility to produce maybe tens of millions of doses, and so that they actually can going forward be able to produce, say, 50 million doses in 4 months of a monovalent vaccine for a pandemic or, maybe in this case, another influenza vaccine.    Dr. Robinson. Indeed, it will be, because we will actually have the cell-based influenza vaccine facility down in North Carolina that has a large capacity, and we will be able to have that product on the market. But again, they are limited in that they are making seasonal flu vaccine at the same time that we may have wanted to do that.    The other thing is that these manufacturers also produce vaccines for the Southern Hemisphere. So when they came off of making the vaccine for the Northern Hemisphere, then they started back to actually making the vaccine for the Southern Hemisphere. So we would have had to make a decision and tell them in September, stop doing that and go forward with the new vaccine. And we know that that is a difficult midcourse shift.    Dr. Robinson. The future will be----    Dr. Robinson. It would have been very, very difficult, sir.    Dr. Robinson. OK, go ahead.    Dr. Robinson. I am in agreement with Dr. Schuchat and Dr. Midthun.    Dr. Robinson. So the answer is yes on both. In my testimony, I identified that we were supporting the development of evolutionary biology methods that would actually help the existing methods inform what strains are out there. There are only so many ways a virus can mutate.    Dr. Robinson. And we know that you can do the experiments to show which ones would predominate, and that may actually inform which ones we may see the next season. And certainly, the underpinning of that the NIH has funded over the years, and so we are moving forward primarily for our pandemic purposes, but certainly could be used in seasonal. So that is one way towards the selection, and then informing new vaccine designs.    Dr. Robinson. Secondly, with the technologies, we have supported with our colleagues here from NIH, CDC, and FDA, new technologies to make these vaccines, whether it be cell-based or recombinant. And working with the NIH, we are looking at universal flu vaccine candidates with a number which Dr. Fauci enumerated of going forward. It is not because those technologies haven't been tried before, but as he explained, there is a limitation in how the body actually sees these viral proteins. And so there are some new ways now that we can do that, we couldn't do before.    Dr. Robinson. Yes. Well----    Dr. Robinson. No, it is at the top.    Dr. Robinson. Yes.    Dr. Robinson. Certainly, one of the ways that we actually have employed with biosynthetic technology work with the Craig Venter Institute and then one of the manufacturers. We did that in 2013 with H7N9 to actually come up--what we didn't need the traditional way of having the virus actually sent from one laboratory to another. We actually had the nucleotide sequences available, then using that, and actually made the virus seed strains and went forward with H7N9. Regardless of if it is an egg-based or cell-based or recombinant, we can do that.    Dr. Robinson. And we are moving forward with those efforts also.    I just want to say one other thing that Dr. Midthun had talked about, and that is high production yield seed strains. Why is that important? It means that the virus doesn't have to be passaged to eggs or cells or medium many times because, very early on, we can actually have high production seed strains, and that is why the manufacturers keep passaging the virus to get high production. If we had that immediately, then the virus that actually is in the vaccine is going to be very similar to the circulating virus.    Dr. Robinson. Much more so.    Dr. Robinson. So certainly hand in hand with the NIH, we are moving forward with the development, not only for seasonal, as I had pointed out, for pandemic purposes. It may serve as a primer for future pandemic vaccines. Again, you may only need one dose of the pandemic vaccine as opposed to two which you normally would need. And so we can stockpile that vaccine or actually have it as part of our commercial products that are out there every year.    Dr. Robinson. Certainly. We are working with Dr. Fauci with many of the candidates that he has talked about, and in addition, there are other ways in which we can broaden the immunity. Some might be with adjuvants, and other designs of the vaccines going forward, and not only for seasonal but for pandemic purposes.    Dr. Robinson. Yes.    Dr. Robinson. No, I agree with them. I mean that is where we see the biggest savings in time is with recombinant vaccines, but they are new and they are just with very limited capacity, they will grow in time. With the cell-based vaccines, we may even be able to shave a couple of weeks off than what we have with the standard egg-based vaccines at this time.    The other issue is that it is a new product, and this is a very competitive industry, and they are trying to get their market share at this time. And as they improve to be equal to or better, then they will actually become more commonplace in the overall vaccine supply.    Dr. Robinson. That is cell-based in the U.S., there is only one licensed manufacturer.    Dr. Robinson. Certainly, if a public health emergency is declared then we can move forward, but there are regulatory issues, I think Dr. Midthun may want to testify----    Dr. Robinson. Correct.    Dr. Robinson. I think Dr. Schuchat can answer that.