    Mr. Blackman. My dad is in the same color tie, so you know who he is.    Mr. Blackman. Thank you. Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers, and Members of the Judiciary Committee, my name is Josh Blackman. I am a constitutional law professor at the South Texas College of Law in Houston, Texas. I am honored to have the opportunity to testify about why DAPA violates the Constitution and imposes a severe threat to the separation of powers.    In my brief time, I have three points. First, DAPA is an unprecedented exercise of presidential lawmaking power and is not consonant with the previous exercises of deferred action. Second, DAPA violates the President's duty to take care the laws are faithfully executed, as the Executive must enforce laws in good faith. Third, I will sound an alarm. Nonenforcement poses an encroaching threat to the separation of powers and the rule of law that Congress, not just the courts, must take steps to halt.    So first, Congress has not acquiesced or given the President the authority to implement DAPA. The Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel claimed that four previous instances of deferred action justify DAPA and its antecedent DACA through express or implicit congressional approval. These claims are demonstrably false.    So first, in 1997, deferred action was granted for battered aliens under the Violence Against Women Act, VAWA, where a petition had already been approved, but a visa was not immediately available. Here, the deferred action served as a temporary bridge for those who would soon receive permanent status according to the laws of Congress.    Second, in 2001, deferred action was granted for aliens who were readily deemed to be bona fides under the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act. Here, too, the differed action served as a bridge. Lawful status was immediately available on the other side of the deferral.    Third, in 2005, deferred action was granted to foreign students who unfortunately lost their visas when Gulf Coast schools were closed following Hurricane Katrina. The deferred action bridged the gap and gave the students 4 months to enroll in another college or university in order to regain the status previously held.    Fourth, in 2009, deferred action was granted for aliens who were widowed by the untimely death of their citizen spouse before the minimum 2-year period. Deferred action was granted where visa petitions had been filed but not completely adjudicated by the Government because of administrative delays. Again, a visa waited shortly after deferral.    Historically, deferred action acted as a temporary bridge from one status to another, where benefits were construed as immediately arising post-deferred action. In contrast with DAPA, deferred action serves not as a bridge but as a tunnel to dig under and through the INA. There is no visa, the proverbial pot of gold, awaiting on the other side of this deferred action rainbow.    My second point is that DAPA violates the President's duty to take care that the laws be faithfully executed. Article II imposes a duty on the President unlike any other in the Constitution. He shall, must, take care that the laws be faithfully executed. DAPA violates this duty for three reasons.    First, with DACA, the blueprint for DAPA, the Administration limited officers to turn discretion into a rubberstamp. This did not reallocate resources, or defer to congressional policy, but rather was an effort to bypass it, a transparent one at that.    Second, because DAPA is not consistent with congressional policy, according to Justice Jackson's decision in the steel seizure case, Presidential power is at its lowest ebb.    Third, like the mythical phoenix, DACA and DAPA arose from the ashes of congressional defeat. The President instituted these policies after Congress voted down the legislation he wanted. Further, the President repeated over and over and over again that he couldn't act unilaterally in the precise manner he did. His actions and statements create the prima facie case of bad faith and point to a violation of the ``take care'' clause.    Third and finally, while I support comprehensive immigration reform, the President's unconstitutional actions cannot be sanctioned. I hasten to add, if upheld, Democrats have much, much more to fear from this dangerous precedent. Generally, Democrats like when the Government takes more action and Republicans like when the Government takes less action. Today, Democrats may approve of the President's decision to halt deportations, delay unpopular provisions of Obamacare, or not prosecute marijuana crimes. However, the situation would be very, very different if a Republican President declined to enforce provisions of the Tax Code, wavived mandates under environmental laws, or declined to implement Obamacare altogether.    In the words of James Madison, Federalist No. 51, the only way to keep the separations of power in place is for ambition to counteract ambition. Although the courts play an essential role to serve as the bulwarks of a limited Constitution, our Republic cannot leave the all-important task of safeguarding freedom to the judiciary.    To eliminate the dangers of nonenforcement, the Congress must counteract the President's ambition. The failure to do so here will continue the one-way ratchet toward executive supremacy and the dilution of the powers of the Congress and the sovereignty of the people.    The rule of law and the Constitution itself are destined to fail if the separations of powers turn into mere parchment barriers that can be disregarded when the President deems a law broken.    Thank you very much, and I welcome your questions.    Mr. Blackman. So I think that Professor Legomsky actually opined that DAPA didn't quite go far enough, and it is an important reason why. In a November 25 blog post on the Balkinzation blog, Professor Legomsky wrote that, ``How come DAPA didn't apply to the parents of the DREAMers?'' Right, the parents of the DACA beneficiaries?    I think this raises a very important point. Many of the professors who signed that letter think that the President didn't go quite far enough. So even the DOJ's perception was more narrow than that of the professoriate.    But I will stress for the moment that the reason why they didn't go far enough was because there has to be some sort of relationship to a parent, a group that Congress has preferred.    DACA was for people without any legal status. DAPA was for parents of U.S. citizens. One important point is parents of U.S. citizens need to wait 21 years before they can petition for a visa, followed by a 10-year bar. More importantly, parents of lawfully permanent residents can never get visas through their children. So this is a case where the policies are favoring people who have not been a class Congress has preferred.    Mr. Blackman. Oh, absolutely. As I noted in my opening remarks, in Federalist 51, Madison wrote, ``Ambition must be made to counteract ambition.'' The President is ambitions; Congress is ambitious. The President wants something; Congress wants something.    The only way to prevent tyranny, to prevent tyranny from the fringe, is if both of them butt their heads. In many respects, the gridlock we have today is a symptom of that. All too often people say, oh, Washington is gridlocked. Well, people who voted for you sent you here with certain positions. And it is very much the case that today people have a very stark opinions on issues.    Now, while it is regrettable that this Congress hasn't seen to immigration reform, that is not a license to expand the President's power.    As Justice Scalia noted last year in the Noel Canning case, gridlock is a feature, not a bug, of our constitutional order. Similarly, Justice Breyer, when he looked at these issues, said that these are political problems, not constitutional problems.    So the point I would like to stress is the mere fact that Washington is gridlocked doesn't give the President additional power to transcend his constitutional authority.    Also, briefly, the Arizona case was mentioned a moment ago. It definitely said the President has powers over discretion. But in the very next paragraph, it says, but the case may turn ``on the equities of an individual case.'' It says in the opinion, by Justice Kennedy, ``the equities of an individual case.''    So when you read Arizona v. U.S., read both paragraphs, and this is won on a case-by-case basis. Thank you.    Mr. Blackman. Yes.    Mr. Blackman. Yes.    Mr. Blackman. And if I may add, the Ranking Member is correct. This was not a constitutional decision. The decision was on the Administrative Procedures Act.    But I think Judge Hanen showed his hand a bit, maybe a Texas bluff, if I may use the example. And he suggested very clearly that there would be an abdication.    The Constitution says the President ``shall take Care the Laws be faithfully executed.'' This tracks very closely with the standard in Heckler v. Chaney, which speaks of a complete abdication of the laws against an entire class of people.    Judge Hanen's opinion explains very clearly why this is the case.    Now, one aspect of Judge Hanen's opinion which hasn't been appreciated is that we need notice and comment, right? We need rulemaking. We need to see how this program is working. I think this hearing justifies why. We don't exactly know how this policy works.    In my research, I found a checklist used by DHS which has no ``other'' box. It is the only way to deny DAPA, by checking the box. Professor Legomsky found some narrative form, which is slightly different. He actually admitted in his testimony there are different types of forms being used. Do we know which one is being used? No, we don't.    This would be a perfect opportunity to take the time to show the American people how this is working. Show us what is happening, and then we can go to court.    So I think if there is one salutary aspect of Judge Hanen's opinion, it is we can learn what this is doing. We are learning this now, after the memo has been released. Had Texas not filed the lawsuit when it did, this policy would be in effect, and there would be no opportunity to challenge it.    Mr. Blackman. You can visit my classroom anytime, sir.    Mr. Blackman. With respect, we are living in that era. President Obama has delayed the individual mandate once for an entire class of people based on a hardship. What was the hardship? Obamacare. It was too expensive.    President Obama has delayed the employer mandate twice, until 2016. What was the hardship? Obamacare. It was too difficult.    So, with respect, we are living in that era. And I think it is a very, very scary time. And take your example, and imagine future Presidents doing that as well. ``You know what? We don't have enough agents to enforce the Internal Revenue Code and the capital gains tax, so we are not going to enforce it. If you paid to us, we will refund it. And we will prospectively tell people. We can tell people the corporate income tax is way too high, so for any corporation who has at least so many employees, we are not going to enforce it. It is just too much work.''    I think this sets a very dangerous precedent. Now one point I will add is faithfulness. The Constitution says you shall faithfully execute the law. I am okay with the President making a good-faith belief that his action is consistent with the statute. It is his discretion. I am okay with that.    But I think what the facts demonstrate here is one of bad faith. The reason why the President's statement about lacking power is relevant is not for political theater. It is to say, he said this. He was asked, can you defer the deportation of the mother of a U.S. citizen? He said no. The Justice Department said no, this can't happen.    Then suddenly, you lose in Congress. They find this authority. I think it is a prima facia case for bad faith.    Now, we are in uncharted waters. If you open a constitutional casebook, where I do perhaps have some expertise, you will find that there is not much written on the ``take care'' cause. And that is why constitutional lawyers are actually relevant to the discussion why the separation of powers trumps immigration law when it goes too far.    It was mentioned 6 USC 202 and 8 USC 1103, these provisions no doubt grant discretion. But they do not grant the amount of discretion that the Justice Department claims now. It is unconstitutional, under the nondelegation doctrine.    And I should add that the OLC memo does not put that much weight on the supervision, but DOJ did. After they basically lost in oral arguments, they shifted their position to these two provisions and put a lot more weight on it.    So I will stress that there is discretion, but it is within what happens in the ``take care'' clause, which, unfortunately, now we have to litigate. And it will be at the Fifth Circuit any minute and invariably at the Supreme Court.    Mr. Blackman. Yes. No, the answer is yes. If this precedent stands, that Presidents can make these good-faith arguments, then the game is over. Then you as a body of Congress have no power, and all you have left is your power of the purse.    Mr. Blackman. Well, that would violate the supremacy clause in both cases. The Constitution is the supreme law of the land. The President is bound by it, and the States are bound by it, and neither can ignore it.    Mr. Blackman. So in paragraph 24 of the Neufeld declaration, the only examples cited were gang membership, gang affiliation, or fraud. The only examples the Department of Justice could put forth in defending this policy was gang membership or fraud. Those are criteria in zone one. Gang membership would make you a high priority for national security risk because of your gang membership. And fraud, I don't think there is much discretion saying someone committed fraud or was dishonest with the tribunal.    The only example----    Mr. Blackman. Previous fraud for lying on the application, lying on a previous application, right? These are the only examples the Neufeld declaration brought forth. If these were the best examples they have, then there isn't much discretion.    Mr. Blackman. Yes. And that has been the Secretary's policy. That has nothing to do with case-by-case discretion. So if that is the best they can gin up, there is not much there. And that was actually in paragraph 24 of the Neufeld declaration.    Mr. Blackman. Yes, absolutely. So the Office of Legal Counsel memorandum posed the key question: Is the President acting consonant with congressional policy? And the key aspect of consonance the President has to look at whether Congress has acquiesced to it. As Professor Foley noted, there are several instances in the past where Congress has acquiesced to this.    But in each case for those deferred actions, it serves as a temporary bridge where there was some lawful status, something happened, and then something else happened, right? So to give you a good example, in 2005 when Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf, you had a lot of students who were studying at universities. Their schools were shut down. They lost their status. They were foreigners.    So the President said I will give you 4 months to enroll at another university. If you take that time to enroll at another university, you will not be deported in that time.    In my mind, that is a good example of deferred action. Someone had some status. Something bad happened, like Hurricane Katrina. And then they lost it, and then you give it back to them later. What is happening here is that there is no prospect of success.    So DAPA beneficiaries will not get anything after a 3-year period is up. Nothing. The only way that they can get a visa if perhaps their child turns 21 in the interim and perhaps they have a 10-year bar on return to the country and that is waived. There is no opportunity for the DAPA beneficiaries to get any relief.    This is not really a tunnel. It is more of a bridge to go through the law. I think that makes it inconsistent with the congressional policy and, therefore, a violation of the ``take care'' clause of the Constitution.    Mr. Blackman. Yes, that is right.    Mr. Blackman. That is right.    Mr. Blackman. Yes.    Mr. Blackman. It is, and just 6 months ago, the Supreme Court rebuked the Administration for making illegal recess appointments in the Noel Canning decision. So this is a part of a very long trend of when the Congress is gridlocked and they will not get along, the President finds ways of bypassing it.    Mr. Blackman. That is right.