    Mr. Weber. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to represent NPPC at this hearing today.    Exports add significantly to the bottom line of each U.S. pork producer. U.S. exports of pork and pork products totaled 2.18 million metric tons in 2014, representing over \1/4\ of our total production. These exports add more than $63 to the value of each and every hog marketed. Mexico and Canada are our second and third largest foreign markets for pork, with U.S. exports totaling $1.55 billion and $904 million respectively.    Our exports to Canada since the implementation of the U.S.-Canada Free Trade Agreement in 1989 have grown over 20 times. Our pork exports to Mexico since NAFTA in 1994 have grown by over 12 times. We cannot afford to have these exports disrupted, nor can workers in allied sectors.    The U.S. pork industry supports an estimated 550,000 domestic jobs, mostly in rural areas, and about 110,000 of these are the result of pork exports. The loss of the Mexican and Canadian markets, valued at $2.4 billion, could, therefore, cost over 16,000 non-farm jobs. But these job losses are only those that relate to pork exports. According to a CRS report, it has been estimated that retaliation by both Mexico and Canada could target between $1 billion and $2 billion in exports from the United States. Other estimates suggest it could exceed $2 billion, and Canada and Mexico will likely seek an even higher number; perhaps as much as a combined total of $4 billion. If it comes to this, a WTO panel will ultimately decide the actual number. But any of these figures could result in a devastating blow to tens of thousands of people in our sector and others.    Canada has published a list of over three dozen categories of products that could be hit. Mexico has not yet made public its list, but our experience with retaliation by Mexico resulting from its successful challenge to the U.S. ban on Mexican trucking suggests that its list will be at least as long, and likely quite similar to the trucking retaliation. That retaliation totaled $2.4 billion.    We understand that Mexican importers are already looking for alternative sources of supply for products on the list. There is no way we can compete with products from other countries when our products are subject to steep retaliatory duties.    Regrettably for us, pork is on Canada's target list and will likely be on Mexico's. Because COOL involves agricultural products, retaliation is inevitably going to fall heavily on U.S. agriculture. If the situation were reversed, the United States would retaliate against imported products in the same sector. When the European Union refused to lift its illegal ban on imports of U.S. beef in the hormone dispute, we retaliated against European food products. But that dispute, involving trade of $93 million, pales in comparison with the Country-of-Origin Labeling case in terms of the scope of the retaliation involved.    Because the damage to U.S. exports will be multiplied across our economy, the economic effect will greatly exceed whatever retaliation is ultimately authorized by WTO, and will hurt many Americans that had nothing to do with implementing COOL. Not only will innocent bystanders be harmed, the economy as a whole will suffer. Professor Dermot Hayes of Iowa State University calculates that the effect of $2 billion in retaliation would be 17,000 lost U.S. jobs. Retaliation of $4 billion would double this figure. Estimates of state-by-state job losses are contained in Attachment 1 of the NPPC written statement.    We expect the WTO to once again rule against the United States in mid-May. Congress must be prepared to repeal the offending parts of the statute to bring the U.S. into compliance with WTO rules. Congress should not allow retaliation against pork producers and other sectors of the U.S. economy.    Thank you.    Mr. Weber. Yes, Congressman. I think I would agree with that statement. It is very hard to measure any type of economic benefit from Country-of-Origin Labeling, much more difficult than it is to label the cost of having to comply with Country-of-Origin Labeling. The difficulty it presents for packers, processors, producers, clear down to the retail level, there is added cost involved and it is hard to pinpoint that in any one sector, but from an economic benefit, it would be extremely difficult to say that consumers are benefiting from Country-of-Origin Labeling.    Mr. Weber. I am not aware that he has approached our organization as far as a solution to COOL. I think, from our position, due to the urgency that we have, and I guess I would like to maybe address Congressman Costa's previous question, it is 60 days by rule, and we are staring this in our eyes, this threat of retaliation. The Canadians and the Mexicans are both ready to move, so I don't think we have much other option other than repeal of the statute that is causing the problem here.    Mr. Weber. I would pretty much agree with Mr. Smith's comments on that. If you just picture our industry. We have the processor in the middle that is really caught in the endgame in this thing, and they work on a margin, and I guarantee you they are going to pass those margins forward, and as much as they can, back to us as producers on the farm. And that is why I mentioned it is hard to actually know exactly what it is costing because that is exactly what happens; it spreads out through the economy. But there is no question that there is added cost with segregation of the product and distribution of the product. It becomes almost an impossible situation for them, and that is what has been passed down to us as producers. And so there are many costs involved.    Mr. Weber. The feeder pigs are available, but the number of pigs willing to come into this country has been affected, and that is clearly the case that Canada--one of the topics that Canada has. I have fellow producers in my state that have been impacted by this because they haven't got a market for the Canadian pigs, and that occurred early on. So it is not a matter--to me it isn't an issue of availability. The pigs are available, there are still approximately 75,000 feeder pigs a week coming into this country, high-quality pigs. The issue at hand here is the retaliation that our industry is facing. We absolutely have to avoid retaliation. We have come through a very difficult marketing period in the pork industry. Obviously, with PED we had some high prices. Those prices are less than \1/2\ of that today. We are negotiating a major free trade agreement and we want to be represented as a country that lives up to its trade agreements, and so we just need to avoid this retaliation by WTO--or by Canada and Mexico.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Weber.    Mr. Costa.    Mr. Weber. I would agree with Ms. Dempsey fully in her comments that it----    Mr. Weber. I would fully agree with those comments. We have to be portrayed as a respectable trading partner in these negotiations. And believe me, we are all aware of it in this room here, that market access is extremely difficult, and world trade is extremely competitive, and we have to be portrayed as a respectable trading partner.