    Ms. Vaughan. Thank you very much for the opportunity to testify on the public safety problems created when local governments adopt policies that obstruct immigration enforcement, commonly known as sanctuary policies.    According to an ICE report that I obtained through a FOIA request, as of October 2014, there were 276 such jurisdictions in the United States. Over an 8-month period in 2014, more than 8,100 criminal aliens who were the subject of detainers were instead released back into the streets as a result of these non-cooperation policies. Approximately two-thirds of these individuals already had a serious criminal history as defined by ICE as the time of their release. Nearly 1,900 of them subsequently reoffended just in that 8-month period. Only 28 percent of them have been re-apprehended by ICE.    Now, I have just reeled a lot of statistics that I know sometimes make some people's eyes glaze over, but as someone who also has lost a close family member--my brother--because of a negligent act by a sworn law enforcement officer and also a bad policy--and I should add that the offense that was committed was one that some on this Committee would call a minor traffic offense that killed my brother--I have to say that it is really not okay to refer to these tragedies as a little thing, as one Member of this Committee has.    I have a friend. Her name is Heather. A few years ago she was carjacked at knife point and taken to Roger Williams Park in Providence, Rhode Island and raped repeatedly by an illegal alien who had been in the custody of the Providence Police Department more than once, but was released because of then Mayor Cicilline's sanctuary policies. This was not a little thing.    I have other friends, some in this room, who can tell similar stories, and I am afraid that Congress is about to try to get away with doing just a little thing just by barring funding from these sanctuary jurisdictions, some funding. And I am asking you today to not be satisfied with just doing a little thing. This big problem requires you to have the courage to do a bigger thing. You have the language in the Davis-Oliver Act. Please do this for these families who have lost so much.    Sanctuary policies do nothing to build trust between immigrant communities and local law enforcement. They do not improve access to law enforcement services for immigrants, nor have they been shown to increase the likelihood that more immigrant crime victims will report crimes. On the contrary, they destroy the trust of the community at large that the laws will be faithfully enforced to preserve the quality of life for all.    Despite the widespread public outrage at the San Francisco sheriff's policies that caused the release of a man who went on to kill Kathryn Steinle, it is clear that some jurisdictions will not budge from their criminal alien sanctuary policies. To make matters worse, the Obama administration's new Priority Enforcement Program explicitly allows local jurisdictions to obstruct ICE, and also establishes the entire country as a sanctuary for nearly all illegal aliens by further narrowing enforcement priorities and severely restricting the ability of ICE officers to deport removable aliens, including many with criminal records.    Therefore, Congress must step in to correct the situation by clarifying in the law that local law enforcement agencies are expected to comply with ICE detainers; establishing that local law enforcement agencies will have qualified immunity when cooperating in good faith; by implementing sanctions for those sanctuary jurisdictions that continue to refuse to cooperate; and by reversing the Obama administration's non-enforcement policies.    Thank you very much.    Ms. Vaughan. Well, I have reviewed a lot of the literature on this, and there is no evidence that immigrants are any more or less likely to commit crimes than anyone else. That is really not the relevant question. The question is what do we do with that fraction of the immigrant population that is committing crimes, that has committed crimes? How do we handle that? And that is where ICE needs the cooperation of law enforcement agencies because it is the local agencies who know who those problem individuals are.    Ms. Vaughan. This so-called ``chilling effect'' is a myth and has been refuted by the studies that you mentioned and by the words of immigrants themselves when the ones who have been victims of crimes tell researchers that it is because of language barriers. So access to law enforcement services is something that law enforcement agencies do legitimately need to focus on, but the way to do that is through community outreach programs, having personnel on the staff of these forces who speak the language of the community. Anonymous tip lines. Most law enforcement agencies have these anonymous tip lines. No one need be afraid of reporting a crime.    ICE simply does not target witnesses or victims of crime for immigration enforcement. And I wish that the advocacy organizations that claim to speak for immigrants, who go around telling people that immigrants have to be afraid to report crimes because of cooperation with ICE should be telling them that victims and witnesses are not subjects for immigration enforcement, and that that would be a much more constructive message that would help the immigrant community.    Ms. Vaughan. I believe that this whole series of events of more and more jurisdictions becoming sanctuaries was set off by the policy change at ICE to suddenly declare that detainers were optional. In this letter that Mr. King referred to from Dan Ragsdale to just suddenly declare that they were optional, not mandatory, with no legal foundation whatsoever that to my knowledge has ever been made public as to what, you know, legal reasoning they had for changing that policy.    But once that was done, that then provided legal cover for all of these other jurisdictions around the country to change their policies to stop complying with the detainers. And it also provided an opening for groups like the ACLU to threaten litigation against those sheriffs who are complying with detainers. And I think that is why it is very important that language such as that in the Davis-Oliver Act be included in any effort to address the sanctuaries to protect those law enforcement agencies that are doing the right thing and complying with all detainers all the time so that they are not going to be held responsible.    Knowing that ICE's policy nowadays is not to assist them in litigation, even if it is ICE's mistake, we have to give them cover, and protection, and qualified immunity to do the right thing in these cases in complying with detainers.    Ms. Vaughan. Well, again, I think the language that is in the Davis-Oliver Act is very comprehensive in addressing this problem. I do agree with you that, you know, money talks. In most cases, sanctuary policies are not something that law enforcement agencies ask for. They are imposed on them usually by political elected officials. And so, but money is a way to target them that we can come up with objective ways to define what a sanctuary is. And I think it should be a jurisdiction that does not comply with all detainers all the time for all types of people who are removable, whether they have committed serious crimes or not.    And I do think that the policies of the Obama administration in enabling sanctuary jurisdictions and greatly restricting what ICE agents can do, despite the plain language of the law, also ought to be given attention through legislation from Congress because we know that the Administration is not going to make an effort. They have said as much. They are not going to address this on their own. And so, Congress needs to reassert its constitutional authority over these matters.    Ms. Vaughan. I do not know the exact answer to that. ICE estimates that there are more than 2 million criminal aliens in the United States.    Ms. Vaughan. Twenty-nine million are removable because some of them have green cards.