    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing and thank you to our witnesses who have joined us here today.    Since winning the presidency a decade ago, Daniel Ortega has pursued a goal of gaining absolute political control over Nicaraguan society. With the November 6th Presidential election in Nicaragua approaching, and with his control over all the nation's public institutions, Ortega is poised to win his third consecutive term, this time with his wife serving as his running mate.    How has Ortega been able to concentrate his power? Not satisfied with simply winning an election widely deemed fraudulent in 2006 and 2011, as President, Ortega has used his influence to gain control over the courts, rescind Presidential term limits, disqualify opposition leaders from running for office, remove opposition lawmakers from the National Assembly, and ban international election observers from the country.    The opposition party including the largest, PLI, Independent Liberal Party, are fractured and in no position to effectively confront Ortega's overwhelming political power and influence. Both the Obama administration and Congress have expressed grave concerns over Ortega's blatant, undemocratic power grab, as well as his expulsion of the opposition legislators and U.S. citizens.    Earlier this year, Ortega's Government needlessly expelled an American scholar from the American War College doing research on the supposed Nicaragua Canal. Additionally, they have also expelled two U.S. Embassy officials without cause and routinely harassed American visitors traveling down to Nicaragua.    Congress and the administration need to work together and find ways to empower the Nicaraguan people and counteract Ortega's hostile behavior toward innocent civilians. That is why I was proud to work with my good friend from Florida, Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen and our Chairman Duncan, among several other colleagues from both sides of the aisle to introduce and pass H.R. 5708, the Nicaragua Investment Conditionality Act, NICA.    H.R. 5708 calls on the U.S. Government to oppose loans at international financial institutions for Nicaragua, unless the Nicaraguan Government takes effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections and commits to upholding democratic principle. It is my hope that this legislation will pass the Senate and quickly be signed into law by President Obama.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses their points of view regarding the current situation in Nicaragua and how the U.S. and the international community can effectively respond to the non-democratic actions of Daniel Ortega.    Thank you.    Mr. Sires. I want to thank the chairman for his consideration. You know it is always bewildering to me how the second poorest country in the Western Hemisphere, basically, is buying tanks, is buying planes, is buying all sorts of arms and yet, the need of the people seems to be ignored.    So, I am just wondering if this is the typical intimidation factor that leaders that abolished democracy or tried to circumvent democracy usually use. Or why do you think he needs so much artillery, Warren--or I am sorry--Mr. Gonzalez? Like my buddy.    Mr. Sires. Thank you. Marcela?    Mr. Sires. Thank you. And through this process, Daniel Ortega and his family have become very wealthy in the last few terms, I understand that one of the richest in Nicaragua. Is that accurate?    Mr. Sires. Yes, but I am talking about the President and his family.    Mr. Sires. But he is doing much better than he has done before, right?    Mr. Sires. You are being a good politician here.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.