    Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you holding this hearing, and I want to thank all of the witnesses for being here today.    As the Ranking Member on the Subcommittee, this is an issue I hear about very often, not only here, but also in my district back home in Washington State. In fact, Washington State was among the states which recently voted on a GMO labeling initiative, and one of the biggest takeaways for many of us from that initiative, as well as this debate generally, is that there needs to be more of a dialogue and more education done on all sides.    I certainly agree that consumers have a right to know what they are eating, and I also believe that we need to be clear and take a science-based approach when we are discussing GMOs. Just as many of us implore folks to look at the science behind climate change, for example, we can't pick and choose. We need to understand the science and its findings, including in this case.    Genetically modified doesn't mean just one thing or just one company, and as someone who started their career in biomedical research, I understand that this technology has the potential to provide benefits to consumers. However, we also need to ensure that we are having an open conversation about its impacts and its challenges. This is often an emotional argument, and it is my hope that moving forward we can have it be more of a fact-based open discussion on all sides.    I am looking forward to the testimony of our panel today and am hopeful that we can move closer to a workable solution as a result for everyone. So thank you again, Mr. Chairman, for this hearing, and I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlewoman. The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so that witnesses may begin their testimony and to ensure there is ample time for questions.    I would now like to welcome to our witness table the following witnesses: We have here Mr. David Schmidt, President and CEO of the International Food Information Council here in D.C. We have Dr. Nina Federoff, the Senior Science Advisor, OFW Law Firm here in D.C. We have Ms. Joanna Lidback, owner of The Farm at Wheeler Mountain, on behalf of Agri-Mark Dairy Cooperative, the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, and the National Milk Producers Federation from Westmore, Vermont. We have Mr. Lynn Clarkson, President, Clarkson Grain Company at Cerro Gordo--is that close enough--Illinois. Mr. Thomas Dempsey, CEO, Snack Food Association in Arlington, Virginia, and Mr. Chris Policinski. I butchered that, Chris. Sorry about that. President and CEO, Land O' Lakes in Arden Hills, Minnesota.    Mr. Schmidt, begin when you are ready, please.