    Ms. Harrington. Thank you. Chairman Hunter, Chairwoman McSally, Ranking Members Garamendi and Vela, and distinguished members of the subcommittees, thank you for giving me the opportunity to discuss the Department of Energy's National Nuclear Security Administration's efforts to detect, deter, and investigate the illicit smuggling of nuclear and other radioactive materials. My full statement has been provided and I ask that it be entered into the record.    I am also very pleased to be appearing today with colleagues from the Department of Homeland Security. You should look at the four witnesses in front of you as a team, because that is, indeed, how we work.    Securing nuclear and radiological materials from theft, diversion, or trafficking is a critical element of U.S. national security strategy. Despite significant progress over the last 20 years by international cooperative programs, gaps remain and interest in acquiring these materials persist.    The threat landscape as we see it today includes over 30 countries with weapon-usable nuclear material stored at hundreds of sites, with the largest inventory in Russia; more than 100 countries with radiological material stored at thousands of sites, many of which lack adequate security; a demonstrated black market for nuclear and radiological materials, as shown by recent interdictions in Georgia and Moldova; and terrorist groups that have taken root in ungoverned or undergoverned spaces, compounded by the emergence of Daesh or ISIL , a pseudostate with demonstrated capability to conduct international terrorist operations and an expressed interest in acquiring and using radiological and possibly nuclear materials against Western interests.    We take our job seriously because the consequences are so high. The use of a high-yield, improvised nuclear device, or IND, in a major U.S. city would cause hundreds of thousands of fatalities. The use of a radiological dispersal device, or RDD, would not cause the same loss of human life, but would be highly destabilizing, with broad physical, economic, and psychological consequences, demanding significant resources and a multifaceted response.    To counter this threat, the U.S. Government uses multiple means to prevent terrorists from obtaining nuclear and radiological materials. Within my organization, the Office of Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, our Global Material Security program specializes in collaborating with partners worldwide to build sustainable capacity to secure nuclear weapons, weapons-usable materials, and radiological material, and to detect and investigate illicit trafficking of those materials.    We serve as the farthest exterior ring of protection for the United States. Our approach is simple: our first line of defense is to secure nuclear and radiological material at the source, and not allow it to be removed from regulatory control. Recognizing that this may not be enough, we have a second line of defense: our Nuclear Smuggling Detection and Deterrence program, or NSDD.    NSDD is a critical component of the Global Nuclear Detection Architecture. We deploy radiation detection systems internationally at official crossing points along rugged, unofficial borders in disputed territories which we call green borders, and along maritime borders, or blue borders, and at internal locations for law enforcement operations, working with our foreign partners, much the way the Department of Homeland Security works within the United States.    More importantly, our goal is to build the capacity, infrastructure, and relationships necessary to sustain these efforts into the future, and to cooperate with us in those efforts. The GNDA is predicated on a layered defense of law enforcement, intelligence, and technology to maximize a system of detection and deterrence capability. In the words of DHS's Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, NSDD is the largest single program in the exterior layer, and provides significant potential to stop a U.S.-bound terrorist attack outside our borders.    We have equipped 585 sites, including 46 large-container seaports, have provided 104 mobile radiation detection vans, and countless other handheld equipment. With this technology comes training, exercises, and sustainment support.    We also focus on sustainability, and have already transitioned 85 percent of our installations to full support by the host countries. We have taken important steps in countering the nuclear and radiological smuggling threat by developing a range of technologies, as already mentioned by our friends in DNDO, and we work closely together to establish the standards for those technologies.    NSDD's ability to adapt to an evolving threat, engage diverse international partnerships, and its ongoing collaboration with the interagency and with international organizations uniquely position this program to remain a leader in deploying and sustaining core elements of the Global Nuclear Detection Architecture, with the ultimate goal of preventing the use of a nuclear weapon or dirty bomb in the United States.    Thank you for your attention, and I will be happy to respond to your questions.    Ms. Harrington. If I could add briefly to that, Mr. Garamendi mentioned the biological threat in his opening remarks, and that certainly is a very serious one. But unlike biological and chemical and even conventional explosive threats, where the material to make a weapon is so ubiquitous that it is difficult to control, in our universe it is all about the material. Without the material, nothing happens.    And you can have all the expertise and all the accompanying technology you want, but without the material, the damage doesn't happen. So our focus is, first and foremost, identifying where the material is--and that, as we discussed yesterday, is an issue between us and the intelligence community, but that is a very close collaboration; identify what the opportunities are to either eliminate the material, preferably, all together, or if not eliminate it, secure it.    If we can't secure it, then make sure we have a detection ring around that material or around that country to give us the highest level of confidence that we will see that material move if it is out of regulatory control. It doesn't necessarily mean it always will be stopped, but as long as we know that something is in motion, then we can work with our partners, you know, in the United States in ports around the world, because of the partnerships we have developed, for that early warning system to kick in.    But that is why it is so absolutely critical to push this protective ring that we are developing as far beyond our borders as humanly possible.    Ms. Harrington. Well, let me try to answer that in an unclassified way.    One of the big challenges that we confront is, again, the shifting nature of the challenge. So in the past, we have been extremely focused, for example, on the very large stockpile of defense-related material in Russia. And we invested over 20 years of cooperative activity. We feel that, as a result of that cooperative activity, the standards and the practices were improved significantly.    We don't have insight into how those are being sustained any longer, and that causes us concern. But in response to that we have significantly accelerated--and I would say done so with a number of other partners, our European colleagues, Japan, Australia--we have an organization called the Global Partnership, where we bring funds and pool funds in order to improve these capabilities, for example, in Moldova, in Georgia, Ukraine, et cetera. So those activities are underway, and----    Ms. Harrington. That is a fair statement.    Ms. Harrington. Well, I would say, in general, we have excellent cooperation, for example, with countries like Moldova, like Georgia, like Ukraine, those perimeter countries, because they don't want this----    Ms. Harrington . Material passing through them, either.    Ms. Harrington. Absolutely.    Ms. Harrington. Absolutely.    Ms. Harrington. Thank you for that question. We have never completely disengaged from Russia, particularly in the nonproliferation, disarmament, threat reduction sphere. We have kept some of that interaction alive, mostly through technical exchanges, best practices exchanges, because if the geopolitics ever permit, we, of course, would want to be working with Russia again, not only in Russia but perhaps teaming with Russia to work in other challenging places of the world. We are the two big players in the nuclear world.    Ms. Harrington. It is at a marginal level right now, yes.    Ms. Harrington. In----    Ms. Harrington. I have not been to Russia in a while. But we have staff on the ground in Russia, literally, every week. So it is not that we are not present. We----    Ms. Harrington. We have adequate funding for the mission requirements, but I would point out that affecting the budget of one piece of this layered defense affects how everybody is able to implement, because this is really that integrated. So, if the Coast Guard or Customs and Border Protection, or particularly DNDO is affected in the budget world, then that has an impact on our ability to execute.    Also, I don't want to get into this--it is as painful for Congress as it is for us--but CRs are not a good way to plan and execute programs.