    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock. And I thank the witnesses for being willing to deal with this little interruption here. I want to thank the Chairwoman for holding this hearing and look forward to--I thank Dr. Maxon for her testimony and look forward to all the testimony here this morning.    One of the reasons I chose to be on the Science Committee, and on this subcommittee in particular, is that we have the opportunity to learn firsthand about new and emerging research fields and technologies that will transform society and to hear what the federal government can do to help society benefit from these technologies.    This morning is no different. Today, we will hear about new technologies that have the potential to transform the energy, agricultural, and manufacturing sectors. A number of these new biotechnologies are based in engineering biology research, which is research at the intersection of biology, physical sciences, engineering, and information technology. This emerging field has been fueled by the development and increased affordability of technology such as DNA sequencing and DNA synthesis.    In the case of DNA sequencing, the Human Genome Project, an international research project to sequence the human genome, was coordinated by the Department of Energy and the National Institutes of Health, and it took over a decade and cost $2.7 billion. Remarkably, sequencing the human genome now costs less than $1,500.    Federal agencies under this committee's jurisdiction have significant programs in engineering biology. The Department of Energy has invested in programs focused on bioenergy. The National Science Foundation has invested in this area both in individual research awards and through their support of an engineering research center, Synberc at UC Berkeley.    NASA and NIST also have programs in this area. NIST has a particularly important role in the development of technical standards for a future biomanufacturing economy. And of course, agencies outside the Committee's jurisdiction, including DARPA, NIH, and the Department of Agriculture, are also significant players in this research.    Due to the importance of this growing research field, the Nation would benefit not just from increased investment at individual agencies but also from coordination of federal efforts under some kind of national plan or strategy.    Additionally, we should ensure that we are facilitating public-private partnerships. Given the potential commercial applications across nearly all sectors of our economy, there is a need to engage and encourage private sector collaboration at a pre-competitive level. I look forward to hearing from all of our private sector witnesses what they are looking for in partnerships with federal agencies, national labs, and universities.    And finally, we must pay careful attention to the issues of human and environmental safety and ethics when it comes to engineering biology research, including support of research on these topics.    The future of biotechnology could include automotive and even jet fuels produced cheaply, cleanly, and safely by specifically engineered bacteria, also, more drought- and pest-tolerant crops and feedstocks, and also, transformation of materials manufacturing with applications across our economy. These technologies would have significant economic benefit for the United States. So it is important that we make the necessary federal investments in the foundational research and partner with the private sector across the potential application areas.    I look forward to the rest of the witness testimony and the Q&A, and I thank you for being here today. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. It's been really very interesting, and I've learned a lot here, although I still can't say I exactly know what you're doing.    But I want to throw this more general question out there and have everyone tell me what you think can be done because I know that Dr. Shetty had talked about U.K. and China have work--well-coordinated national programs in synthetic biology. So I want to start with Dr. Shetty. And you talked a little bit about this, but what do you think along those same lines that we should be doing? The big thing here is you're here to tell us what we can do to be helpful in moving things forward and we have the best benefits for our society here. So, Dr. Shetty, what would you--anything else you would recommend? I know you talked about quite a few things.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. Dr. Serber, do you have anything? So what are other countries doing? You know, what can we do that we're not doing?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. Anyone else wants to go? Dr. Evans?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. And I'm over time here so I'm going to--I think I'm going to have to yield back. Thank you.    Chairwoman Comstock. Great. Thank you. And I now recognize Mr. Moolenaar for five minutes.