    Mr. Shelton. Honorable House Members, thank you for the opportunity to share conservation practices related to grazing. I am Byron Shelton, senior program director for Savory Institute.    Allan Savory, the scientist, ecologist, and farmer, has worked years to understand and train others in managing land regeneratively. This effort has resulted in holistic management. Managing holistically considers the whole picture, including economic, environmental, and social considerations simultaneously, both short and long-term.    Savory Institute was formed to promote large-scale restoration of the world's grasslands. Grasslands comprise one-third of the world's land surface, 70 percent of which are degraded. Savory Institute has 30 training centers worldwide, including demonstration sites and accredited professionals. Currently, over 40 million acres worldwide are being managed holistically.    With that background, I would like to get right to the crux of the matter. If I could have--I have two photos. The first photo at this point could be put up. To allow for reasonable debate and decisions on grazing, a clear understanding of the role of the grazing animal is needed. A land manager may say, I wish it would rain, causing more plant growth. Just as important is the need for water for plants to decay. Nutrients have to cycle back to regenerate soil. Decay occurs through microorganisms and insects, which need water to live.    With regular humidity and rainfall, as in this photo of the midAtlantic region, plants will grow, then biologically decay onto and into the ground, replenishing the soil, as water exists for the microorganisms and insects to live. You could go to the second photo, please.    Now comes the point that is not generally recognized. With irregular humidity and rainfall, as in many of our western lands, plants remain standing for years, as water is limited for microorganisms that would cause biological decay. These plants turn gray, oxidize into the air, mine the soil by not returning to it, and die, creating bare ground, poor water and nutrient cycles, and biodiversity loss. This variation in regularity of humidity and seasonal rainfall is referred to as brittleness. Nonbrittle environments have regular humidity and moisture, where brittle-leaning environments have irregular humidity and moisture.    What does this have to do with grazing? A bison, elk, deer, antelope, or cow, sheep, or goat can't digest plants any more than you or I, but these ruminants, as they are called, have a multi-chambered stomach full of moisture and microorganisms. These microbes digest the plants the animals chew. The ruminant, wild or domestic, is a mobile digestive vat moving about the land, breaking down plant material and returning it as dung or urine to replenish the soil.    When this animal is removed from brittle environments, this system is broken. This system is also broken by removing the predator that kept the herding animals bunched and moving, allowing for grazed forages to recover by regrowing roots and leaves between grazings. Herding and fencing replaces the predator. The hooves aerate the soil that has been sealed by rainfall, to allow for water to enter, making the rainfall more effective, and trampling the old plant material.    With bison or cattle, two tools are being managed: grazing and animal impact. Holistic management uses holistic plant grazing to manage these tools properly for regeneration of the natural resources.    Regardless of whether one eats meat, wildlife and their predators or domestic livestock being managed to mimic nature are required in these brittle areas for a healthy ecosystem, biodiversity, and drinking water.    Savory Institute's work addresses food production, water quality and quantity, soil health, carbon sequestration, wildlife and plant conservation, and climate change.    Land managers are increasing their profits while building biological capital, producing food and water on regenerating soils. Livestock, wildlife, plants, and human needs can be met simultaneously.    Holistic management is appealing to conservative and liberal values. Managing holistically is economically viable, while restoring the environment and meeting the needs of the people involved.    Thank you.    Mr. Shelton. Yes, I can. We work to demonstrate ourselves as the headquarters kind of part of the organization, we collaborate on special projects with strategic partners, Heifer International, the Nature Conservancy, we work to have a--we have a worldwide network of regional training centers, or hubs, both in the brittle and nonbrittle environments, we have a hub in Michigan with Michigan State University, we collaborate with them to provide training for on-the-ground practitioners and managers of land.    We see our role at the institute based in Colorado is also to remove barriers and improve conditions, and we see that primarily through informing policy, coordinating for relevant research is important, establishing market incentives, and working to increase public awareness.    And I would say to your first comment, as I work with different managers on the land and people involved, wherever I go, it totally does involve people across the political spectrum, because we're looking for what is it you want, what do you want the land to be like, therefore, do we understand what the actions we might do will give us, and how do we go about monitoring the ecosystem to make sure it works, and so it's not a--it takes the emotion out of it and really works toward getting the answers people desire on the land.    Mr. Shelton. Yes. I agree.    Mr. Shelton. If there's a lot left there to burn that could be put into the air, why wasn't it eaten or put back onto the ground, maybe partly each way, to build the soil. It came from the soil, so it needs to go back.    In those areas with that regular humidity, like I was saying earlier, it will do that naturally. In the areas where that is seasonal, then the large herding animal played that role. So there they are putting it back on the ground, but then that generates more to grow. Well, that's great. We've got more food production, more wildlife production, it's a continuing cycle, and we need to look at it that way as improving production to feed humans and wildlife as opposed to just seeing the effect of the problem and trying to get rid of a low level succession of a lot of weeds that would burn.    Mr. Shelton. Yes is the short answer. The long----    Mr. Shelton. The longer answer is when the new ideas came out when Allan started working back in the 1970s and 1980s, there was more resistance than today. And who knows why the reason, it just--it was challenging some with current thought, but even since that day, but certainly now, there is more acceptability. It is very much dependent upon individuals within each agency, whether it's the BLM, the Forest Service, or the NRCS, but we have very good support.    I have leased land, I have ranched with tremendous support from State agencies or the Natural Resources Conversation Service as the planned grazing we do meets and exceeds their prescribed grazing, and they work with us and are willing to let us do that.    Sometimes, though, regulations, as was indicated at the beginning of opening statement, are--they force a one-size-fits-all method. Every situation is different. Every piece of land down the road, be it farm, ranch or communal area has different people involved, different needs, and different economics. They need to use the principles of how land is managed and what the results will be to create what they desire, and that would be, in my eyes, the best practice as opposed to coming up with specific strategic actions that are best practices, because they can't always be.    Mr. Shelton. We have to be the predator, and that's done through herding or fencing or a combination.    Mr. Shelton. Well, then let's definitely clarify that.    Mr. Shelton. The predator of the livestock that makes them want to stay together and moving. If you're a grass plant and you get bitten off, you're made to do that, but then as you start to regrow, you've got to let the sunlight be able to light and regrow roots and leaves so then you're ready to go again, and that's when you put carbon in the soil.    If we don't have a predator moving the herd along, again, we do that today easier because we don't have enough wildlife, so through livestock to create habitat for more wildlife. Through livestock with it's man-managed fencing and/or herding combination, we're allowing that land to not be overtrampled or overgrazed; it's grazed, it's left until it regrows, and then that's--it functions well that way, because it's supposed to. It's a management issue, it's not a numbers of livestock or a livestock issue, and it's a lack of predator problem.    Now, how do we put that back when we live there now and there's people making a living. Well, that's when we need to understand how it works so we can come up with creative answers that meet each situation. But the short answer, the fence keeps them moving so that they don't stay in the one area like--well, there you go.    Mr. Shelton. Sure. No problem.    Mr. Shelton. The land is suffering as a result, yes. The grasslands created by the relationship between the animals and the land, this is where our biggest topsoils are, this is where land can sequester more carbon than even some of the forestland. This is what we've torn up to put in our croplands because the soil is so good. This is what we're now needing to figure out how to maintain before they run out.    You know, 22 civilizations or so came and went. They didn't have the technology we have now, but they still mismanaged their soil and water base. This really isn't even about just grazing in an animal, whether you're choosing a dairy on an elk that you want to have there, or a beef cattle; this is about keeping the soil covered so that plants grow, so it regulates the earth's temperature and even probably most importantly, gives us water.    The watersheds here in the Chesapeake Valley, they are no different than the ones in the west. They're masked a little bit, it's a little harder to see the soil erosion and the water we're losing. So it is trying to--what we're trying to do is make the point that along with many forms of technology, fire when it's needed sometimes, rest, in other words, no disturbance of any kind, we need to have in our toolbox also properly managed livestock and their predator to make land function.    Mr. Shelton. Thank you. There are case studies where this has been demonstrated on the land already that are available. Yes, it could be done and replicated on Federal lands also. Probably--and I do believe that. The key, though, is because of the simple concept of regularity of humidity that I brought up earlier and that Allan mentioned in his Ted talk, if you used the tool of--any tool, say, fire, in a brittle-leaning area versus a nonbrittle or one with regular humidity, you will get a different result. This concept of that regularity takes everything we could do to the land and eliminates the possibility that we could have a one answer for every area, because it doesn't work.    We work to see and learn what will the probable results be if we use this tool in an area based on its degree of that regular humidity. It sounds simple, but that just is so important to understand.    What we also do, though, is whatever piece of land we're working with, you've got to get the right decisionmakers at the table, you've got to draw on the experts when you need input, but you've got to have the decisionmakers know what is it they want, what is the quality of life values they want for that property, and also what do they want that land to look like in the future, what will that future resource base be, what will the landscape look like?    Then we choose actions that will bring about the desired results, and so each test that you would refer to would have to be driven by that holistic context, we call it, just that combined context of the people involved.    Then actions are chosen or not. And as Judy mentioned, we do the early warning, monitoring of the ecosystem processes to ensure that the land is moving in the direction it needs to go, the economy is moving in the direction, the economics related to that project, and the needs of the people are being met.    So in that sense, the point I'm in short trying to make, there's no list of prescribed actions or best management practices. All those types of things, which are good, need to be, though, tested, filtered toward are they keeping us within the context that we're trying to work with in creating what we're trying to create?