    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning to all of our witnesses.    Ms. Barr, you previously testified that the former Secretary's email arrangement with herself was not acceptable. Those are the words you used, not acceptable. What made it not acceptable to you?    Mr. Gowdy. Right. No, you are exactly right. It was in response to a question when you testified before the Senate. And I am sure the circumstances were, was it okay to exclusively use personal email with which to conduct public business, and you used the phrase not acceptable. So I am not asking about the backlog. I am asking about the exclusive use of personal email with which to conduct public business. What makes it not acceptable?    Mr. Gowdy. Do you recall why former Secretary Clinton said she availed herself of a personal server and used exclusively personal email? Do you recall the explanation given? Or have you been given an explanation for why she went that route?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, that is my understanding too, in part because that is what she said. I guess my next question would be, if it was solely for convenience, why not return the records the day you separated from the State Department?    Mr. Gowdy. Has she provided any explanation for why she retained care, custody, and control of those public records for almost 2 years after she separated?    Mr. Gowdy. Do you know what prompted the former Secretary to return those public records to the public domain?    Mr. Gowdy. How were you able to comply with FOIA requests in that almost 2-year interim between the time you wrote the letter and the time that she retained care, custody, and control of all of those public records?    Mr. Gowdy. Right. But it's part of the record. So if you received a FOIA request that would have included emails, how would you have been able to comply with that FOIA request given the fact that you had neither care, custody, nor control of those records?    Mr. Gowdy. So you would have given what you had, but you would have made no representation that what you provided was complete, because necessarily it could not have been complete because you didn't have the full panoply of public records.    Mr. Gowdy. Right. You can't give it if you don't have it, which then raises the next question I have. I was listening to my friend from Maryland and my friend from Virginia make note of the fact the former Secretary did return emails. What guarantee can you give my fellow citizens that what you have now is the complete public record? Have you been through all of her records to determine what's public and what's private?    Mr. Gowdy. You're processing what was originally on the server or are you processing what she provided to you?    Mr. Gowdy. Do you know what mechanism she would have gone through to determine herself what was public record and what was private or what may have been a mixed use? Do you know who made that initial determination for the former Secretary?    Mr. Gowdy. So did she tell you that she personally reviewed all of the emails or did she retain counsel to do so?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I thank you for answering my questions. I am over time. Suffice it to say I have a number of additional questions in this area, and perhaps at some point I will able to ask them.    Mr. Gowdy. I am out of time. But if the chairman says I'm not, then I'm not.    Mr. Gowdy. I thank my friend from North Carolina.    Ms. Barr, I appreciate you talking with me earlier. I want to pick back up where we were. I was seeking some level of assurance from you, to the extent that you could give one, that what was produced to the State Department did, in fact, represent the full universe of what would be public records. And, again, I have no interest in private documents. I really could care less. I am interested in making sure the whole public universe is complete.    So what assurance can you give the public that the State Department has everything that would be considered a public record from her tenure as Secretary of State?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, you mentioned other Federal employees, which got me wondering. And I wrote down a list of some of the other Cabinet-level folks that I have worked with in my time here. Attorney General Holder, did he have his own server?    Mr. Gowdy. I am asking whoever can answer it.    Mr. Gowdy. He did. How about new Attorney General Lynch, does she have a personal server?    Mr. Gowdy. What about President Obama, is there any indication? Because if you are going to pursue the theory of convenience, I can't really imagine a busier person on the globe than President Obama. Did he have his own personal server?    Ms. Barr?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, the reason I am asking is because you said that you are doing it the exact same way you would with any other public official. And my point is, because of this arrangement that the former Secretary had with herself, you are not in a position to do it the same as you would with any other public official because Vice President Biden and President Obama don't have their personal attorneys going through their emails to decide what to return and what not to return.    I assume your position is an apolitical, nonpolitical, unbiased position. Am I correct in that assumption?    Mr. Gowdy. And I believe the Department of State has an inspector general. Am I right?    Mr. Gowdy. I know you have, and I didn't mean to suggest otherwise. Do you know who nominated the current inspector general?    Mr. Gowdy. You don't have to, because it was President Obama. Do you know who controlled the Senate when he was confirmed? Do you know what the vote was? It was unanimous.    Mr. Gowdy. It was unanimous. Those may be the only questions I can answer today, but I do know the answer to those two. President Obama nominated the current inspector general, and he was unanimously confirmed by a Senate controlled at the time by Democrats, which makes me think that he, like you, is a neutral, detached arbiter who is solely interested in separating what should be in the public domain from what should be purely personal.    So why not let the inspector general look at all the records just to make absolutely sure, and that way we are not in a position of having to take someone's lawyer's word for it? Why not do that?    Mr. Gowdy. No. I am talking about--I mean, you have been put in the position of having to take a lawyer's word that you have all the public records. And perhaps it is just the cynicism of actually being a lawyer. I am just wondering who with a fiduciary duty to the public can make sure that the public record is complete. Instead of the former Secretary hiring an attorney to do it, why can't the attorney that works for all of us, why can't the inspector general do it?    Mr. Gowdy. Yes.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I am out of time. Hopefully I will get some more time, and we can speculate together after that.    I yield back to the chairman.