    Mr. Russ. Well, thank you, Chairman Pitts, and thank you, Ranking Member Green, and members of the committee. I will be speaking somewhat extemporaneously and divert somewhat from my prepared remarks only because I think the testimony as written is in the record.    I would like to say at the outset, I am Len Russ, I am current chairman of the American Health Care Association. We represent nearly 13,000 skilled nursing facilities around the country, serving more than 2 million Medicare beneficiaries each year for short-term stays.    At the same time, our members are also hybrids. We also deal with the long-term population. We are also serving Medicaid patients, and I think, alluding to what was the earlier testimony today, that margin that we constantly focus on, we have to look at the real margins because we are taking care of a hybrid kind of population, all of which fall under the umbrella of our Nation's frail and elderly.    We, as skilled nursing facilities under the Medicare system, are one of the remaining sectors that still are paid basically on a fee-for-service system. The fee-for-service model that we currently enjoy is the prospective payment system. The prospective payment system has been in existence now for the better part of more than a decade, and has been subject to many criticisms, tinkering by CMS, et cetera, for the fact that there has been concern that there was an over-delivery of certain services at the expense of the under-delivery of others.    We at HCA champion the notion of healthcare reform. We believe in payment reform, and we have come up with a proposal ourselves to change payment reform for our sector as possibly a building block towards bundling. We do not believe that this current iteration of bundling is workable. We don't believe that the opening up of the conveners or third-party managers of a bundle will do anything to manage care but more likely just manage payment.    And as we have heard throughout the day, we talked about the, you know, breaking down silos, I think we need to be very mindful that by simply breaking down a payment cycle doesn't necessarily break down the care delivery system. That coordination is not always in line with simply realigning the payment system.    So having said that, we at HCA have come up with basically six principles by which we think any bundling proposal or largely any healthcare reform proposal needs to adhere to. The first is that with any post-acute care sector, the management of that bundle really should be left with the providers in the post-acute care space. So that hospitals, which the BACPAC bill would still allow to be the sort of care coordinator or third-party conveners, which might siphon off precious dollars from the payment into their own pocket, so to speak, for allegedly managing the care, whereas they are just managing the dollars, is probably not productive.    We also believe that smaller providers, and our organization represents very large corporations as well as regional companies, independent owners like myself do not have the economic muscle to be able to take on the kind of risk that would be required in order to become a care coordinator. So this is not going to present us with a level playing field.    Secondly, we want to be sure that Medicare beneficiaries have provider choice, and we see that the possibility that these kinds of bundles could raise barriers rather than break down barriers to access care. I also, for example, have five-star facilities, but I am not allowed to join certain networks in managed care right now because they don't necessarily need the access, and there are facilities that are perhaps one-star facilities who are in the network. So the notion that the quality facilities will rise to the top has so far not been borne out.    So we are not able to possibly join some of the these networks and offer the members choice, and I think any qualified excellent quality provider should be able to have access. We want additional flexibility in rendering care, not with a relaxation of regulations but being less prescriptive with how many minutes of therapy we give, with the venue of the therapy, so that we are measured on quality and outcomes.    AHCA has worked collaboratively with CMS and our partners on the Hill to make monumental strides in terms of improving quality over the last several years, both in terms of rehospitalization rates, in terms of reduction of antipsychotic medications, et cetera.    Finally, I just want to say that in any bundled system, we need a virtual bundle, not an actual bundle. A virtual bundle is something where the providers, even if they are aligned in a cohesive spectrum of care, can bill Medicare directly as opposed to leaving it to one provider to hold the dollars and have the others go to that provider to get paid. It is not necessarily a reliable payment system and it is not necessarily something that can be held accountable in the very, very thin margins and the cash flow stresses in which we operate. So with that, I will----    Mr. Russ. Well, I wouldn't say that in and of itself it has improved the quality of care. I think it has made the spectrum of care providers more mindful of certain metrics to adhere to which we agree help measure quality. We think some of those metrics are flawed and not properly risk adjusted, but on the other hand, we are championing quality and working collaboratively with CMS on many of the components of the five-star system and particularly with the component of five-star that deals specifically with the quality measures.    So we believe that, even though the five-star system is not perfect and we probably could come up with a better system, we are not opposed to a system that ranks and measures quality. Indeed, we are championing such a system, and we think such a system also should be an integral part of any kind of post-acute care bundling system that--the BACPAC bill, although it has some positive features such as the elimination of a 3-day hospital stay, is a bit short on ensuring quality and accountability across the spectrum, and I think pays more lip service to the notion of care coordination, and it seems to be more focused on payment coordination.    Mr. Russ. Well, our quality initiative is basically focused in five main areas, which CMS is mindful of, we have been working collaboratively with. They have adopted several of our quality initiative metrics or variations thereof to include in the five-star system, but we are comprised mainly so far, and we are going into the second generation of that system, so far we are focused on rehospitalization, on the reduction of off-label use of antipsychotic medication, on ensuring staff stability for the sake of continuity of care for the frail and elderly, and also focused on customer satisfaction.    Mr. Russ. I would simply say that I agree with that premise. I think the initiative that is being taken is to be applauded on many fronts as far as trying to move the modeling forward to create economies of scale and to create efficiencies of care delivery. But I do think that we don't have enough data to go whole-heartedly into a particular system yet where we don't know what the unintended consequences may be.    Mr. Russ. There are a lot of risks associated with it and we--at this vital time, this pivotal moment where we are moving away from fee for service and there is a consensus throughout post-acute care and through all the stakeholders and policymakers that we need to move to a better, more effective model, that we don't plunge into something that is not yet well tested and that does not have unintended consequences creating barriers to access of care and to providers participation.    Mr. Russ. Yes.    Mr. Russ. Yes. If I could elaborate on that, even though that is not the focus of today's hearing, but I think it is part and parcel of the broader discussion about reform.    We have come up--and we are in the process of finalizing with the help of the Moran Company--an episodic payment system for our sector. That would take us away from the current fee-for-service prospective payment model. It would make our members assume greater risk for the particular care that they are given, but they would be getting what is essentially a flat payment to cover all of the services rendered under our roof in that post-acute care space in exchange for delivering quality outcomes. There would be penalties presumably associated with failure to deliver quality outcomes, and it would protect against what might be deemed the overdelivery of services now under the current fee-for-service system and yet prevent us from underdelivery of service which some people might argue could take place when a third party convenor or other entity is managing an across-the-spectrum bundle.    So we think that this is a great step forward for our sector. We don't necessarily think it is the final chapter for our sector, but we think it is the best possible iteration of change that we could muster in a path toward possible broader spectrum post-acute care bundling. It could be a step in that direction, but we really believe it will hold us more accountable. And essential to the whole system is the measurement, empirical measurement, of quality.    Mr. Russ. Yes. I think in the larger sense, I mean, when you have got networks that are being established, inevitably there are going to be certain providers, for whatever reason, whether they are judged on quality, whether they are judged on economic expediency, whether they are judged on their ability to provide lower cost to the care coordinator, we don't know what those incentives are going to be, but they are inherently exclusionary. They don't allow all willing, good quality, highly rated by CMS providers to participate.    And while we may pay lip service to the notion that ultimately the patient will decide who the provider will be whom they are going to access services from, ultimately, the care coordinator is going to make that decision because they are coordinating the bundle. And so I don't necessarily see how this will enhance patient choice. I think it would probably reduce patient choice, and I think it would also reduce the ability of any willing good provider to participate in that particular bundle.    Mr. Russ. Well, I think there are so many ambiguities in the bill as to how this would roll out. I think our overarching conclusion is that this doesn't seem to be practicable or implementable. And I think when you consider also the various demographic differences across the country--we have heard a lot about rural settings. There are urban settings. There are settings--each marketplace is driven differently by who happens to be the powerhouse in that marketplace, whether it is a hospital network, whether it is a home health agency, or whether it is a large string of skilled nursing facilities. You have got a very, very uneven playing field and a kind of nebulously conceived bundle payment package to overlay this is going to be very difficult, if not impossible to implement effectively and consistently across the country.