    Mr. Pollack. Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, Congressman Engel, distinguished members, thank you very much for inviting me to testify before you.    I don't know what the terms of the deal are going to look like. And those terms are important. As a result, I am going to reserve judgment for now on what I think about the actual deal until I have it before me. And although the details of the deal are important, not inconsequential, I think, like many of my panel members, that it is also important that we recognize that the details of the deal are not the only thing that needs to be thought about, that needs to be discussed, that needs to be debated with regard to the deal.    And I fear that we are drowning out other critical aspects of this issue in our fixation with the specific terms of the deal. In particular, we all need to constantly remember that our fears about the Iranian nuclear program are fears about how that program could exacerbate the circumstances in the region itself. Our fear has always been that Iran with nuclear weapons or even a threshold capability would be encouraged and enabled to act more aggressively in the region. In other words, any nuclear agreement with Iran needs to be seen as a means to an end, not an end in and of itself. It needs to be seen as a part of a wider American strategy toward the region. And we need to consider that entire strategy, not just the specific terms of the deal.    Obviously, the terms of the deal will be important in deciding how we should shape our strategy moving forward and in the context of a region changed by whatever happens in that deal. But we need to also recognize that our policies beyond the deal itself will have an equal if not greater impact on what happens in the region as a result of that deal.    Whatever it does to the Iranian nuclear program or doesn't do to the Iranian nuclear program, the deal can either hurt or help regional stability. But, again, it is only part of that puzzle. Another, potentially much bigger piece of that, is the question of what the United States does to prepare the groundwork once we have the deal in place. There is a great question mark out there that none of us can answer as to how Iran will behave in the aftermath of a deal. Will they become more aggressive, less aggressive, stay the same? All this matters a great deal. Proponents of the deal make the case that it may be possible after a deal for President Rouhani and Foreign Minister Zarif, who clearly would like a better relationship with the rest of the world and the United States, to forge some kind of a rapprochement building on the political capital that they will accrue from a successful deal. That is a plausible scenario.    Unfortunately, an equally plausible scenario is one in which the Supreme Leader decides that he has got to either throw a sop to his hardliners or else demonstrate to his own constituency that he has not abandoned Khomeini ideology and so becomes more aggressive to demonstrate that he has not lost his revolutionary mojo.    From my perspective, I think that, at least in the short term, it is most likely that Iran's behavior toward the region is going to remain basically the same. I think that over the last 4 years, Iran has put in place a series of policies toward the different countries and problems of the region that suit its interests, its politics, and its capabilities. I don't think that any of those policies were predicated on what did or didn't happen with the nuclear negotiations. And for that reason, I don't see a successful nuclear deal of any kind as fundamentally changing Iran's approach to any of those things. And, unfortunately, Iran's broad policy toward the Middle East is inimical to American interests. It is inimical because the Iranians define it as being inimical to our interests. And more than that, it is destabilizing in a number of very important places, although not all, in the Middle East.    As we are all well aware, and as my copanelists have described, many of our allies in the region, led by the Gulf Cooperation states, are very concerned about how Iran will behave after a deal. They fear that the Iranians will be more emboldened, will be more aggressive. They also fear how the United States will behave after a deal. They are deeply concerned, as Dr. Doran has eloquently pointed out on many occasions, that the United States is going to use a nuclear deal with Iran as a ``get out of the Middle East free'' card, that we will take the deal, announce that we have solved the greatest problem in the Middle East and walk away.    And the great danger is that what we have seen is that when our allies, particularly when the GCC feels frightened, when they feel that they cannot rely on us, their default option is not to accommodate Iran, as many people fear; it is, instead, to get in Iran's face and push back as hard as they can. And the problem there is that the GCC lacks the political and military capacity to do so. And it runs the risk of overstressing its own political and military capabilities with potentially dire repercussions for their own internal stability.    The Yemen war, the recent GCC intervention in Yemen, I think is an eloquent case in point there. It is unprecedented. We have never seen the GCC undertake so massive a unilateral military intervention. It is also incredibly dangerous. They don't know what they are doing. They don't have a plan. They don't know how to get out. They can't do a surge in Iraq, even though they have got themselves stuck in Yemen, exactly the way the United States had gotten itself stuck in Iraq back in 2005, 2006. And that is a very real problem, not just for them but for us.    As my copanelists have pointed out, they are not assuaged by the Camp David Summit or by the administration's statements. The administration continues to plead that they have not disengaged from the region and do not plan to further disengage. But here I have to agree with my GCC colleagues that me thinks the administration doth protest too much, to paraphrase Shakespeare. The administration said it would disengage from the region. It did do so. And it has only partially reengaged when circumstances forced it to do so. And it is now trying to do the minimal possible to sort out the situation.    I am concerned that in the wake of a deal, it is going to require a major American effort to convince the region that we are not walking away, to push back on the Iranians, to let them know that they will not have a free hand in the region, and to reassure our allies so that they do not feel that they need to take on the Iranians themselves in ways that they are simply incapable of doing so. Once again, I see ourselves faced with choosing among the least bad option. And I am reminded that it seems to me that, once again, the Middle East is teaching us the lesson, that whenever we try to minimize our commitments there, the problems of the region simply get worse. And they force us eventually to come back and do more than we had ever intended. Thank you.    Mr. Pollack. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I agree with you. I saw Tom Erdbrink's piece this morning as well. And I think that it does speak to exactly the issue that I have been concerned about for quite some time, which is we don't know how the Iranians are going to react to their own deal. As I suggested, while I think it is clear that President Rouhani and Foreign Minister Zarif would like to move in the direction of accommodation, there are forces pushing in the opposite direction. And what we have seen for the Ayatollah himself is he is deeply suspicious of the United States. And he may very well decide that he needs to tack back to the right to accommodate his hardliners. Because he just gave this big bone to Rouhani and the moderates in signing the agreement itself. I think this is a very real concern.    Mr. Pollack. Congresswoman, let me start by disagreeing with Mike, but I am going to come around and agree with him at the end, if you will follow me.    I think that the threat of proliferation is a very serious one, but we shouldn't necessarily assume that it is also an uncontrollable one. We all remember President Kennedy predicting that there would be 25 nuclear powers by 2000. We are still at nine and counting.    Historically, far fewer countries have actually pursued a nuclear weapon to its finish and acquired the arsenal than have started down that road. Far more stopped along the way. And we have a great deal of historical evidence indicating that there are all kinds of different factors which caused these countries to stop, despite the fact that in many cases they do have compelling strategic reasons to acquire them.    My favorite example is Egypt. I always point out to people, you may remember it, although you may be a little too young for this, Tom Lehrer, his great song, right, ``Who's Next?'' Right? Talking about nuclear proliferation. One of his lines was that Egypt wants a bomb just to drop on you know who.    In the 1960s it was so axiomatic that Egypt was going to acquire a nuclear weapon that Tom Lehrer put it into a humorous folk song. They never got it. And that, again, is the history of this.    Where I want to agree with Mike is that he is absolutely right to focus on the critical variable. The reason that states stop is because they have compelling rationales not to, and because typically someone else, almost always the United States, removes the strategic threats. We step in, whether it be with South Korea or Taiwan or Australia, pick your favorite country, and say to them: You don't need it, we will deal with your security problems.    By the way, I just want to echo, Steve Rademaker is absolutely right to be focusing on the sunset clause. That is the most problematic aspect of this. It is the biggest unknown. It is the area where I think that we can have the greatest sympathy for our allies, particularly the Saudis. I will be honest, I am not worried about anybody else in the Middle East. I think the Saudis' proliferating is a very significant issue.    But I think that it is also very susceptible to what we do. It would be hard for the Saudis to proliferate. It seems clear the Pakistanis are not simply going to sell them a bomb. They do not have the scientific infrastructure to build one easily.    I think that there are lots of opportunities for the United States to step in and convince the Saudis they don't need to do so. But, again, that is why I focused my remarks on the importance of this regional context and on the United States remaining engaged, not walking away.    Mr. Pollack. Thank you very much, Congressman.    I would start by saying that I tend to find myself very close to where Congressman Engel is, in fact, perhaps exactly where Congressman Engel is about this deal, which is to say that I think that we could have gotten a much better one. I wish that we had. I think that the chairman was actually summarizing my remarks at the beginning about the deal that we should have been shooting for.    And I agree that I think we had a much better chance of getting it, in part because--I want to give the administration credit--the administration did a great job getting the Iranians to the table, building that international coalition, putting in sanctions much better than I expected. But I agree, I was very disappointed in the way that they have handled the negotiations.    But it is why I think that your points about the region become more and more important. I think that this is the deal that we are going to get. What it will look like, like Steve, I suspect it will be at least more or less close to the framework agreement. That will not be the deal that I wanted, but it may be better than the alternatives. In fact, I suspect it is, and glad to talk about that more if you want to.    But the point that I really wanted to make is that I think that we need to be thinking about this regional issue. That is the point I keep harping on.    And I hear Dr. Doran tried to put words in my mouth. I am now going to take them out and give them back to him. I don't believe that American guarantees right now are going to be enough for our allies in the region. I think that they are going to want to see action. That is what was lacking in Camp David. I think they need to see us pushing back on the Iranians. And, quite frankly, I think the Iranians need to see us pushing back on them in the region as well. If we don't, I think they are going to assume that we are going to use this deal as a get-out-of-the-Middle-East-free card and walk away.    That being the case, I think we need to think hard about where we do push back on them, and my candidate for that is Syria. Iraq is much too fragile. The Iranians have far too much influence. If we fight the Iranians over Iraq, we will break it, and we cannot afford that. Yemen is the wrong place. We shouldn't be getting into Yemen. We should be helping our allies to get out of it.    Syria is the place that makes the most sense. Iran has interests there. They are not all-consuming as in Iraq. We have important allies. We have regional states that want us to do so. There are clearly ways to handle Syria differently.    And, in fact, I will just close by saying, the policy that the President and that Chairman Dempsey outlined in September of last year is a perfectly reasonable, functional policy. It is exactly the policy I think we ought to be pursuing. The problem is we have walked away from it. In the context of a deal, I hope that the administration will go back to that policy and actually make it work.    Mr. Pollack. Can my answer include the building of a time machine, Congressman?    Mr. Pollack. That was a joke.    I am in agreement with all of my panelists. I think the administration did very well in getting the Iranians to the table. I give them a lot of credit for that. As I said, I have been disappointed in how they have handled the negotiations.    I think that it is theoretically possible perhaps to get a stronger deal even from where we are now. I think that it would require a willingness on the part of the United States to walk away from the table, but also to be able to make the case to our allies--and I think we have certainly got a number of them already onboard--and our co-negotiators in the P5+1 that what we are talking about now is simply a far cry from what is reasonable for us to accept.    That will be hard, because of how much history we have. We have gone this far, and, frankly, a number of the other P5+1 countries, I think, have been surprised at how willing the United States has been over the course of the last year to make some of these concessions that the Iranians wanted. It will be difficult to roll that back. Perhaps not impossible, but difficult.    But, again, my read of history, Congressman, is that it requires a remarkable degree of leadership to fundamentally change course on an issue where we have gone so far down the road, and I am skeptical that that is going to happen. I suspect that we are going to get a deal very much like the one that is being talked about, one more or less like the framework agreements.    And, unfortunately, I find myself much more in agreement with Congressman Engel, which is that I wish we weren't here. It is a much weaker deal than I think we could have had. But, nevertheless, I still suspect--and as I said, I want to reserve judgment until I actually see it--I still suspect that it will be better than the alternatives, because as Congressman Engel and Congress Connolly pointed out, those alternatives are even worse.    Mr. Pollack. I would object, obviously, to the analogy, sir.    Mr. Pollack. I was afraid you were going to call on me, Congressman.    First point, I think the time for Congress to make a difference is now, before the deal gets presented, because I think that once the deal is in hand, it is going to be very, very----    Mr. Pollack. I agree with you, Congressman. But if for some reason we can't come to agreement and we do----    Mr. Pollack. I come back to the point that you and Congressman Engel and Congressman Connolly make, I think the deal is disappointing, but I certainly wouldn't--I would not advise you to override the veto because, again, I think that the alternatives are worse than this. But I do want to come back to the point----    Mr. Pollack. We don't know exactly what the deal is going to look like. But if we assume that it is----    Mr. Pollack. Congresswoman, first, I tend to be much more where Steve Rademaker is than my friend Mike Doran. I think what Prime Minister Netanyahu proposed of kill these negotiations, go back to sanctions, force them to come back to the table later, I do not think that will work. I think that it is highly unlikely that we will be able to hold the sanctions in place, that we will be able to hold international opinion. As the guy at the White House who tried to hold the Iraq sanctions together in the late 1990s, I was shocked and appalled at how quickly international opinion turned against those sanctions when people decided that we were the problem, not Saddam Hussein, countries which previously had supported it legally and every way imaginable just disregarded them. I am fearful we will have something similar happen with Iran. I think the JPOA was worthwhile.    And, finally, to come back to a point that Steve was making, by the same token, I don't think that it is necessarily the case that we have to look at it and say we have to agree to something by tomorrow. I don't understand why we can't take more time. A willingness to play out these negotiations and insist on the best terms possible, even given what we have already put on the table, I think is fundamentally different from, again, what Prime Minister Netanyahu proposed.    Mr. Pollack. The purpose, Congressman, was to try to prevent them from acquiring nuclear weapons.    Mr. Pollack. I will answer that by saying that I think it will depend on the circumstances of the breakdown. If the P5+1 believes it was the Iranians who were being unreasonable and that was the cause of the breakdown, yes, I think they would. If they conclude that it was the United States, no. I don't think so.    Mr. Pollack. I don't know, Congressman. I have been working on Iran for 28 years. The Iranians are very unpredictable.    I will go back to a point that Steve Rademaker made earlier, which is that I think that there is every likelihood, as best we can tell now, maybe that is a better way to put it, in the 10 years to 15 years of the deal, it is hard to see why they would cheat. They have every reason not to do so. And I think there is a reasonable expectation that they won't. I think that the bigger question is about what happens after. The deal is in many way a bet. When I talk to the administration, when I----    Mr. Pollack. Well, this is just it. It is an unknowable bet. The bet that the administration is taking is that in 10 or 15 years, we will have a kinder, gentler Iran. And they can point to evidence suggesting that this could happen. The people of Iran want to move Iran in a very different direction. It is plausible. It is just as plausible that we won't get that kinder, gentler Iran. And that is the bet we are taking.    Mr. Pollack. Amen.