    Mr. Himes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Grim, for being with us. I have two categories or two questions, really.    The first is, you note in your testimony that in December of 2014, the FSOC released a notice seeking public comment on risks to financial stability from asset managers, and you further note that the staff has reviewed the comments received. It is a topic of some interest to a lot of us about systemic risk that may or may not be associated with asset managers.    I know you have sort of addressed this a little bit, but I wonder if I could get you to characterize these comments and any initial conclusions or preliminary conclusions or thoughts that you might have on the comments as a whole and whether there is a sense that there is systemic risk emergent from asset managers.    Mr. Grim. I think as a general matter the comments focused--well, the request for comment asks for comment on sort of a number of different specified activities in the asset management industry, so leverage, liquidity, operational risk, those kind of things. So I think the comments, we got them from a wide--or I should say FSOC got them from a wide range of commenters. And I think that in terms of the work that is ongoing right now at FSOC, they are kind of assessing those comments and figuring out what is the appropriate next step in light of those comments.    Mr. Himes. Okay. Thank you.    My other question concerns private funds. I worked with Congressman Hurt on some concerns we had in Dodd-Frank about the registration requirement for relatively small funds, and I think Congressman Hurt and I were concerned about two things.    One, those funds obviously are, by definition, held by institutional or other very sophisticated investors. I think we are also concerned about the sheer amount of data that the SEC would receive.    Legislation we put forward ultimately didn't go anywhere, but I was saddened to see, subsequently to that, that the SEC really focused in on the issue of fees, and in particular transparency of fees in that particular community. And I commend the work you have done in highlighting some absence of transparency, to put it that way, in that community.    So I am wondering--I am very interested in the question of these are obviously fairly complicated partnership agreements. There is an opportunity to hide fees and cash flows and to be less than transparent about what investors are and are not getting back. So I am wondering if I can get you to talk a little bit about whether the issues that have emerged in the private fund arena with respect to transparency on fees, are we talking about a few bad actors? Are we talking about behavior that is systematic in that community, is it common? How concerned is the staff that there is an absence of transparency in those investment vehicles?    Mr. Grim. As you point out, Dodd-Frank had us, had the SEC develop some rules to implement the registration of a number of private fund advisers, including private equity advisers subsequent to that. So we did those rules, and now our exam staff--that is not me; that is the exam office--have been examining a number of these firms.    And one of the reasons that they are doing so is that although private equity funds are generally sold to sophisticated investors, a number of those investors are pension plans that have your average retail investor worker in them. So there is a retail investor component to them.    In terms of what they have found, I think it is fair to say they found a range of practice. They found on the sort of concerning side of things, they have been very focused on, as you point out, fees, transparency of fees, and they have been--my colleagues in OC have been very public about some of the concerns that they have seen and in certain cases have referred those cases to our Enforcement Division where enforcement has taken action.    Mr. Himes. I don't have that much time left, but, again, you watch this pretty closely. How concerned should we be that these complicated vehicles, private funds in particular, that an absence of transparency is a structural problem rather than a problem with a number of bad actors?    Mr. Grim. I think we at the SEC generally, and me specifically, see the benefits of registration under the Advisers Act, the transparency that comes with it, the examination authority that comes with it, and we think that is very important.    Mr. Himes. Okay. Thank you.    And I yield back the balance of my time.