    Mr. Gugliuzza. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, Members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify. My name is Paul Gugliuzza, and I am an associate professor of law at Boston University School of Law.    My research focuses on patent law and patent litigation. Most relevant to this hearing, I have spent the past 2 years studying the issue of patent demand letters, focusing in particular on efforts by both State governments and the Federal Government to address the problem of unfair and deceptive conduct in patent enforcement.    To briefly summarize my conclusions, a small number of patent holders, often called bottom feeder patent trolls, have been abusing the patent system. These patent holders blanket the country with thousands of letters demanding that the recipients purchase a license for a few thousand dollars, or else face an infringement suit. The letters are usually sent to small businesses, nonprofits that do not have the resources to defend against claims of patent infringement. And the letters often contain false or misleading statements, calculated to scare the recipient into purchasing a license without investigating the merits of the allegations.    In response to this troubling behavior, legislatures in 18 States have adopted statutes that, generally speaking, outlawed bad faith assertions of patent infringement. These statutes, however, may be unconstitutional. The U.S. Court of Common Pleas Appeals for the Federal Circuit, which hears all appeals in patent cases nationwide, has held that patent holders are immune from civil claims challenging their acts of enforcement unless the patent holder knew that its infringement allegations were objectively baseless. This rule could provide patent holders with nearly absolutely immunity from liability under the new statutes. In fact, the rules already immunize two notorious trolls; Innovatio IP Ventures and MPHJ Technology Investments, from legal challenges to their enforcement campaigns under State consumer protection laws.    Although the Federal circuit has sometimes called this immunity rule a matter of the Federal Patent Acts' preemption of State law, this rule could also limit the ability of the Federal Government to regulate patent enforcement behavior. This is because the Federal circuit's decisions are not grounded in the Constitution's Supremacy Clause, which is the usual source of preemption doctrine, but in the First Amendment right to petition the Government. Unlike the Supremacy Clause, the First Amendment limits the power of the Federal Government, not just State governments. Accordingly, patent holders may also be able to invoke this immunity to thwart Federal initiatives to fight patent trolls, including any legislation this committee might consider.    To be clear, no court has yet addressed the constitutionality of the new State statutes. Moreover, as I discuss in more detail in my written statement, there is a strong argument that the Federal circuit's immunity doctrine is wrong as a matter of law, policy and historical practice. So it is entirely possible that the Federal circuit can revise its immunity doctrine to accommodate greater regulation of patent enforcement conduct. Indeed, the Federal circuit keeps close watch when Congress is considering amending patent law, and in the past decade, the court has repeatedly revised its case law to align with proposed legislation.    This hearing provides a welcome occasion to discuss the innovative steps that State governments have taken to combat unfair and deceptive patent enforcement. Any bill advanced by this committee should, in my view, capitalize on the respective strengths of State governments and the Federal Government in this area. The strengths of State governments include, first, the quantity of law enforcement resources that could be provided by dozens of States attorneys general offices cooperating to fight abusive patent enforcement. And second, the accessibility of State governments to the small businesses, nonprofits and local governments most likely to be targeted by deceptive campaigns of patent enforcement. By contrast, Federal legislation on patent demand letters would provide the benefits of legal uniformity and predictability for patent holders about whether or not their enforcement actions are legal. In addition, as I explained in my written testimony, Federal legislation could clarify difficult jurisdictional issues that currently arise in cases challenging the lawfulness of patent enforcement conduct.    If this committee determines that Federal legislation is warranted, that legislation should, in my view, specifically condemn bad faith assertions of patent infringement. Until the Federal circuit adopted its objective baselessness requirement, courts had applied a bad faith standard for nearly a century, striking an appropriate balance between the goals of punishing extortionate schemes of patent enforcement, and respecting patent holders' rights to make legitimate allegations of infringement.    Thank you again for inviting me to testify, and I would be pleased to answer any questions the committee might have for me.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Yes, fortunately, there is a lot of judicial case law applying in bad faith standard. At the time the Federal circuit was created, which is back in 1982, the lower Federal courts for nearly a century had been addressing this question of when may a patent holder be liable for its enforcement conduct, and they had enjoined patent holders from making infringement allegations in bad faith. But the Federal circuit has largely ignored that long line of decisions, instead demanding that anybody who challenges patent enforcement conduct prove that the infringement allegations were objectively baseless.    Historically, you know, the courts treated bad faith as sort of a flexible standard that had both subjective and objective components. So under the standard, courts--you would see courts enjoining or punishment enforcement campaigns, for example, where the patent holder threatened a large number of accused infringers, or threatened law suits but failed to actually ever file them. But at the same time, I think these cases where enforcement conduct was punished were usually egregious and they often involved claims that were objectively weak on the merits. And so I think a good faith standard, particularly when it is grounded in that pre-Federal circuit case law, would protect patent holders' ability to provide legitimate notice of their patent rights, but also offer the Government some leeway to punish the most deceptive and problematic behavior.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Good, because I was about to apologize to the committee because I feel like this issue has sort of taken over the entire hearing.    Mr. Gugliuzza. It is Gugliuzza.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Very good.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Sure. You know, one of the benefits, as Ms. Ranieri mentioned, obviously, is the enforcement capabilities of dozens of States attorneys general offices might bring to the table. The other is the accessibility of the State governments or some of these small organizations that might be targeted. And then third, you know, I think the--in terms of forming the substance of a law, I think, you know, what we can see from some of these States' statutes are maybe some examples that might be informative to Congress if you were to choose to decide to legislate federally. So allowing these ideas to percolate among the State legislatures allow the States to try to figure out, you know, how do we draw the line from the--between the bad actors and the patent holders who are asserting their rights legitimately. I think the State legislation can shed a lot of light on those questions.    Mr. Gugliuzza. That is correct.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Thanks. I think a lot can be done by sort of looking at--as I was talking about the history--a long history of courts prohibiting bad faith assertions of patent infringement. A lot can be looked at by looking at some of the examples that courts have condemned in the past. They look extraordinarily similar to what we see these bottom-feeding patent trolls doing today; sending out massive amounts of demand letters, targeting the customers of the firms that actually manufacture the allegedly infringing technology, making claims that they couldn't--making claims that they could not have possibly investigated the merits of.    So, you know, I think if you look back at those types of cases, you actually can see there is a very clear line between, you know, what is really abuse--so abusive as to be considered in bad faith, and the efforts of, say, an operating entity or legitimate efforts by a company to try to license their patents or resolve a dispute before it goes to court. Those lines have been drawn by courts for over 100 years, and I think they are lines the courts can continue to draw.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Just very briefly, a couple of factors that I think we have talked about so far. One is to the number of letters that have been sent out, right? If a patent holder is sending one letter to one specific company, well, it seems fairly likely that that letter is based on some sort of investigation that gives the patent holder a good faith belief that that recipient is infringing. When you send out, as MPHJ did, 16,000 letters to users of common office scanners, it is extremely unlikely that MPHJ has actually investigated the allegedly infringing conduct.    So the number of the letters can be a nice source of indication of whether the investigation has happened, and also the specificity with which the letters both describe the patent claims, and also the allegedly infringing technology.    Mr. Gugliuzza. I have some comments that hopefully are sort of somewhat responsive to it. So the Noerr-Pennington doctrine, you are correct, that it was initially developed by the Supreme Court as an interpretation of the Sherman Act, in light of the First Amendment, right? So what happens in these cases was, defendants to law suits would turn around and sue the original plaintiffs and say, you know, you are a plaintiff, you have sued me and, you know, you have your--you have market power, your are a monopolist and, therefore, your law suit against me is anticompetitive and violates the Sherman Act. And what the court said was, well, you know, under the Sherman Act, litigation activity is actually not antitrust--illegal under the antitrust laws, the reason being twofold. One, the Sherman Act was intended to regulate business activity, not litigation activity. And two, to make unlawful the conduct of filing a law suit would potentially violate the First Amendment right to petition the Government. Right?    The issue--the main issue that I see in applying that line of cases to these patent demand letters is that a patent demand letter between two private companies is just not a petition to the Government, it is a private communication among two private parties. So I think that is one main problem with extending, you know, main problem of constitutional law with extending First Amendment petition clause protection to these letters.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Yes.    Mr. Gugliuzza. But the law can, you know, there are lots of consumer protection laws that are similar, that I think were similar to what this committee is considering. The example that I like to invoke is the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Right? When an attorney, acting as an attorney, sends a letter that is an act of debt collection, it may even be the filing of a law suit, right, those actions under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act aren't subject to Noerr-Pennington immunity. Courts have largely--have upheld the fair--the constitutionality of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. So I think, you know, a similar statute that condemns patent enforcement activity, much like debt collection activity, should be on the same solid constitutional footing.    Mr. Gugliuzza. I agree, and I think it is very possible that the courts, especially seeing the interest from Congress on this particular issue, would be very--would try very hard to interpret any legislation consistent with the First Amendment.    Mr. Gugliuzza. You may.    Mr. Gugliuzza. So, you know, I think the concerns we have been talking about about, you know, the difficulty and sort of fragmentation of different States have different legal standards for demand letters is certainly a valid one, particularly for large, innovative firms. I think one thing that your State might consider is looking to the Vermont statute as an example. It has been sort of the most influential of the statutes. It has been adopted by 13 other States. It sets out very simply that it is unlawful to make a bad faith assertion of patent infringement, and it sets out some factors under which courts may determine whether an assertion is in bad faith or is not. And so I think if Texas were to do that, it would be joining a fairly large cohort of other States that have adopted similar legislation.    Mr. Gugliuzza. So, no. As far as I know, there actually is not yet--the statutes are so new, there actually has not yet been a private cause of action actually asserted under any of the statutes. The claims that we have seen so far challenging these mass enforcement campaigns actually come under sort of preexisting general consumer protection and deceptive trade practices laws.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Absolutely. You know, for--even--so as I mentioned the example of general consumer protection deceptive trade practices laws, there are theories of tort law available, tortious interference with business relationships, if a patent troll is targeting your customers, you might be able to assert that claim. You can assert claims of unfair competition under State common law. Under Federal law, for example, when Innovatio sent letters to 8,000 users of wireless internet routers, the manufacturer of those routers, Sysco, Netgear, Motorola, actually sued Innovatio under the Federal RICO Statute----    Mr. Gugliuzza. Racketeer--Corrupt Organization----    Mr. Gugliuzza . Statute. Sorry.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Sure. You know, certainty is important, and I think that sort of purveys a lot of the discussion both in terms of should the Federal Government regulate this or should the State government regulate this, and also the question of what should the standard we are judging this under be. And one that provides certainty is important so that, you know, legitimate assertions of infringement are not punished, but deceptive assertions that intentionally target small businesses, as these mass enforcement campaigns do, are punished.    Mr. Gugliuzza. So quantifying the effect of these demand letters is incredibly difficult because the persons who are targeted with them or the persons who purchase licenses because of them, are not very willing to identify themselves or disclose what they have done. The reason being that it just makes them a target for the next round of demand letters.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Yes, let me--you know, the enforcement efforts I think this committee should focus on are particularly egregious, right? They, for example, are targeting large numbers of end users of relatively commonplace technology, right? MPHJ sends 16,000 letters out alleging infringement of use of a common office scanner. Innovatio sends out 8,000 letters alleging infringement because of the use of common wireless internet routers. That is--so these are, you know, egregious, they are sending out large numbers of letters focusing on end users, and also the claim--the patents themselves are sort of--you might say they are objectively weak. So an example of this is a troll up in the Pacific Northwest called Savannah IP. It sent letters to home builders throughout the Pacific Northwest alleging infringement of a patent on a ``moisture removal system'' to dry lumber during construction. So if you were using a fan to dry your lumber during construction, you may be infringing Savannah IP's patent.    Mr. Gugliuzza. There were real questions about whether that patent is valid, and those sorts of assertions are the ones----    Mr. Gugliuzza. Yes.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Yes.    Mr. Gugliuzza. I would----    Mr. Gugliuzza. I would just encourage you to trust the courts. They know--they can tell the difference between the good actors and the bad actors. And----    Mr. Gugliuzza. Yes.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Well----    Mr. Gugliuzza. So if you have enforcement by State attorneys general or the Federal Government, that can help rectify the sort of resource imbalance that you are talking about, I think.    Mr. Gugliuzza. Yes, I agree. I think, you know, the--allowing the courts flexibility rather than sort of hamstringing them with a complicated statutory definition of bad faith, or a long list of factors of bad faith, is very important in allowing courts in a case-by-case basis to try to close those loopholes.