    Dr. Lowenthal. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, witnesses, for being here.    For years, the world's top economists have been saying that in not accounting for climate change, we have created a market failure. Let's be clear: a market failure. The market currently fails to account for the costs associated with greenhouse gas emissions and climate change.    Polluting industries are pumping out greenhouse gases free of charge, but others, such as taxpayers, property owners, and also healthcare systems, are and will be paying for the resulting damage to property and human health, to name just two impacted sectors.    To help correct for this market failure, the social cost of carbon, or what I will call SCC, puts the effects of these greenhouse gas emissions into a monetary context so that the agencies and taxpayers can understand the impacts of their actions on infrastructure, on health, and food security.    The SCC, or the social cost of carbon, is derived by estimating the cost of the damage to society of emitting a single metric ton of carbon dioxide. But because most of the damages attributed to the marginal ton occur not in the year that they are emitted, but many years into the future, we must find a way to consider not only this generation's welfare, but the welfare of future generations who are going to be paying for the actions we take, and are also going to be paying if we fail to take actions today.    For this reason, and to use a single dollar figure to compare different regulatory alternatives with different emission time profiles, the scientific literature supports developing discount rates that consider the long term and intergenerational impacts of climate change.    In other words, with each ton of carbon emitted, we are deciding now between the well-being of current and the well-being of future generations, and the social cost of carbon provides us with the tool to make more informed decisions on one of the greatest ethical questions of our time.    The value derived from calculating the social cost of carbon is then incorporated into an agency's broader cost-benefit analysis, which includes many other costs and many of the other benefits of a given rulemaking.    Republican and Democratic presidents alike have required cost-benefit analyses to be performed on proposed regulations, and as new, modern methods have developed, successive administrations have updated their guidance to agencies on how to perform these analyses. In fact, the Majority has repeatedly supported legislation that would add cost-benefit requirements to agencies' rulemaking.    However, it appears now that we are dealing with climate change cost, the Majority may be having a change of heart. Instead of having a reasonable debate on the proper costs to assign climate change damages, the Majority appears to be attacking the entire premise of the existence of climate change damages.    I say that because, unfortunately, the Majority's witnesses here today appear not to support much of any action on climate change. One witness works for a lobby shop that represents the oil and gas industry; the other two Majority witnesses have ties to the climate change counter-movement, or CCCM, also known as the Climate Denier Campaign. Indeed, one witness has said in the past that he does not even believe we have a climate change problem.    To make matters more difficult, the Majority did not provide the White House enough time to secure someone who could actually talk to the committee about the SCC and the interagency process to develop it, how it was developed.    So it appears that we cannot have a credible discussion about social cost of carbon, which we were told was the focus of this hearing. This is too bad, because I know there are in this room Republican members of this committee who do want to do something about climate change, but sadly this hearing does not appear to be a productive step forward.    Thank you, and I yield back.    Dr. Lowenthal. Thank you.    I just want to check just to understand where I am and ask each member of the panel yes or no. Do you believe there should be any social cost of carbon value that agencies should incorporate into their cost-benefit analysis?    Do you believe that we should be coming up with some cost, social cost of carbon value? Yes or no?    Dr. Lowenthal. Yes or no?    Dr. Lowenthal. OK.    Dr. Lowenthal. So you believe it, yes. You are just saying----    Dr. Lowenthal. So you believe that it is not. So I believe that three of you have said yes there is some social cost, we should be having a social cost. So we are really arguing now about a model, not whether we should be reducing.    Do you also agree we should be reducing greenhouse gas emissions in order to lessen the impact on climate?    Dr. Lowenthal. Yes.    Dr. Lowenthal. Not necessarily. Thank you. That is it. Next person.    Should be we lessening, should we be reducing greenhouse gas emissions in order to lessen the impact on climate? Yes or no.    Dr. Lowenthal. No, and this is--and the first answer was what, maybe?    Dr. Lowenthal. Not necessarily.    Dr. Lowenthal. So you are saying it is a benefit also.    Dr. Lowenthal. Absolutely.    Dr. Lowenthal. So we should be reducing it. We are only talking about now, the formulas that we use, not that it exists at all.    So I want to ask how you came up with these kinds of things. Dr. Michaels, your sensitivity estimates that you have given us which you say reflect this new scientific reality, I just want to say that in the past you also have had a number of other predictions. You predicted that the Toyota Prius would never be profitable because clean energy could not be cost effective at scale. It is now the third best selling car.    You attacked the mainstream scientific position on the depletion of the stratospheric ozone layer, and now we understand that the mainstream position was right.    On climate change, you wrote in 2013, it is a pretty good bet that we are going to go nearly a quarter of a century without warming, and now we know that 2014 was the hottest year on record by many indicators.    So with that kind of background, I am just trying to understand who you are. You're a member scientist of the Advancement of Sound Science Coalition, which is an organization that was created and funded by the tobacco industry to fight anti-tobacco legislation.    Now you work for Cato, which is a documented climate denier funding, and you are asking us to trust you on that.    Were you a member scientist or did you play a role in the Advancement of Sound Science Coalition?    Dr. Lowenthal. Were you?    Dr. Lowenthal. Were you a member?    Dr. Lowenthal. Were you a member?    Dr. Lowenthal. Thank you.    Dr. Lowenthal. 2013.    Dr. Lowenthal. You say in 2013 it is going to be a quarter of a century without warming, and we now know that 2014 was the hottest.    Dr. Lowenthal. Thank you. I do----    Dr. Lowenthal. I have one. Mr. Dayaratna, you work for an organization that not only takes fossil fuel funding, it takes funding from the two organizations--Donors Trust and Donors Capital Fund, which are the largest funders of climate denial efforts.    Does this money ever end up in your pocket?    Dr. Lowenthal. Yes, I have some unanimous consents. First I would like to ask unanimous consent to insert five articles, three of them peer reviewed from Science that refute the graph that Mr. Michaels first put up.    I also ask unanimous consent to enter into the record the most recent scientific articles on the mythical pause in global warming. There are two articles here from the most recent Scientific American Journal that says there is no pause in global warming.    And I also want to ask unanimous consent to insert three more peer-reviewed articles to refute Mr. Michaels' assertion that CO<INF>2</INF> will only have a positive effect on crop yield and the agricultural sector.    The Chairman. Without objection, so ordered.    I would also like to ask unanimous consent to have four papers that were co-authored by Mr. Dayaratna----