    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, again, to our panel, thank you for being before us.    Obviously, the Indo-Asia-Pacific arena is an incredibly important one to our United States and to security in our world. I am always a little amused with the fact that everybody talks about pivoting towards that direction. I am a Californian. We have always been on the Pacific.    So, to a large extent we have had the opportunity to look across that Pacific and work with the nations and accept a lot of people who are originally from those countries to our California. So I think that we are well-positioned, in particular, as Californians, with respect to understanding and having ties to those regions.    The collective security of our world is not only one of defense and high-tech solutions to some of that, but it is also about culture and the economy. And so I believe that we should continue to work in the many myriad of ways to--as we look towards that region. Maintaining a significant U.S. military capability advantage is clearly a top priority for us from a national security perspective. And it is entirely appropriate to take a look at the capabilities, especially with high technology that these countries in that region are doing.    Again, we should not presuppose, I think, that there is malice involved when somebody is beefing up their military or working towards higher military capabilities. And we shouldn't, I think, presume that conflict is inevitable. Rather, we should be geared toward working together in good faith of preservation of our international order.    And I think that the most significant thing that Congress can do to help bolster the U.S. military's technological edge and to help advance strategic objectives in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region is to eliminate sequestration. And I am talking not just here in the defense committee, but across the Federal board. As I remember Secretary Gates once said, if we don't educate our people, if our economy is not good--and I am paraphrasing, I am not saying directly--then we don't have to worry about our military because it is about our economy and about our people.    So I am looking forward to hearing the testimony today. And, Mr. Chairman, I would like to submit Mr. Smith's statement for the record. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you. Without objection, it is so ordered.    The Chairman. And without objection, the witnesses' complete written statements will be made part of the record.    We are pleased to have with us today the Honorable Christine Wormuth, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy; Admiral Samuel Locklear, Commander of U.S. Pacific Command; and General Curtis Scaparrotti, the Commander of U.S. Forces Korea.    Again, thank you all for being with us. As I said, your complete statements will be made part of the record. And we would appreciate you summarizing in your opening comments before we turn to questions.    Ms. Wormuth.    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you again for your testimonies.    I represent the largest Vietnamese population outside of Vietnam in the world sitting right there in Orange County, California. As I said, we have always had our view to what is going out in the Asian countries and the Pacific region. And last year, Vietnam and the United States agreed to ease its lethal weapons embargo on Vietnam in order to improve the maritime security and to address the ongoing conflicts in regards to the islands in the East Sea.    You know, but on the other hand, I have worked enough on the Vietnamese issues to understand that Vietnam still is lacking so much with respect to its human rights issues. In particular, in 2000, when I went with President Clinton for the bilateral trade agreement, and then later when we took the, took Vietnam off of the Countries of Particular Concern list with respect to religious infractions, in order for them to be able to go into the World Trade Organization. So we continue to see that things don't get better with respect to the human rights issues, or marginally at times, and then worse.    So can you address for me the roadmap for weapon sales to Vietnam and what types of lethal weapons your--would be precluded if Vietnam continues on its road of not changing its human rights record. Even with respect, for example, for Human Rights Watch and our own State Department. They are consistently marked very, very low with respect to human rights.    So what do you see, or what can we expect from this administration and this Pentagon with respect to weapons sales to Vietnam? And are we going to tie any conditions to lifting that embargo?    Ms. Sanchez. And, Madam Secretary, we have also seen, obviously, a pretty aggressive stance by China with respect to territorial rights or claimed territorial rights in the East Sea. What types of help could we give to Vietnam to ensure its sovereignty over the islands that it believes are part of their integral country?    Ms. Sanchez. And might you also explain to me the timeline or how we could work together to ensure that this partial release of the weapons ban is not detrimental with respect, in particular, to our, I believe what should be, and it is for me at least, a requirement that we see better human rights from Vietnam? What is the process in which you are going through to take a look and figure out how we will help militarily?    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Jones.