    Mr. Harrison. Thank you.    Good afternoon. I would like to thank you, Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and Members of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, for inviting me to participate in today's hearing on the Department of Veterans Affairs Administration and its education programs as well as the educational and training needs of our newest generation of veterans.    My name is Terence Harrison. I am the manager for Veterans Programs and Services at the University of Cincinnati.    The University of Cincinnati or UC is a public research university enrolling more than 43,600 undergraduate and graduate students in 2014. Our campus is made up of students from all 50 states and from 100 countries from around the world.    Recognized as a military friendly school, UC is both a leader and champion in military and veteran-related issues. Currently UC enrolls about 2,250 military affiliated students including active duty, members of the national guard and reserves, veterans and family members.    Of this total, 1,007 students are using GI Bill benefits, and this is of the 2014 semester. With anticipated drawn down of active-duty personnel, the University of Cincinnati is energetically positioning itself to accommodate these students.    UC adheres closely to the VA's principles of excellence and providing a high-quality educational experience tailored to the unique needs of veteran students. UC has instituted a number of resources and programs to best assist our youngest generation of veterans.    To assist veteran students with administrative needs on campus, UC has a centralized veterans' one-stop shop located in the same building as admissions and registration. With most of our student services for veterans in the same buildings, these students do not have to navigate a large campus to find the right offices to meet their needs.    To foster a sense of community and ensure a smooth transition to the civilian life, UC is home to the Ohio Beta Chapter of Omega Delta Sigma. This co-ed brethren-only fraternity has assisted countless veterans in their transition to the University of Cincinnati by providing social support and peer-to-peer mentoring.    Additionally, to assist prospective students and current recipients of the Post-9/11 GI Bill, we are pleased that the VA has developed a GI Bill Comparison Tool and a VA feedback system. This allows students to compare their benefits across institutions. It is a valuable tool.    To ensure that our veteran students continue to understand and best utilize their GI Bill benefits upon enrolling, UC has a vet success campus counselor here on our campus. This resource allows veterans to have any GI Bill-related questions answered in a timely manner. And UC is only one of three Ohio schools that have such a counselor.    To meet the medical needs of student veterans, UC's proximity to the VA hospital allows for students to quickly receive any required medical services. UC is a partner with the VA sponsored Veterans Integration to Academic Leadership Program or VITAL.    Veterans with psychological issues can meet with a VA clinical psychologist on campus or if they choose at the VA hospital. Additionally, the University of Cincinnati's Center of Psychological Services or CPS has a professionally trained and licensed staff that can address the needs of student veterans free of charge.    In addition to these campus-based services, UC remains on the cutting edge of interdisciplinary research and training that benefits the Nation's active-duty military, veterans and their families.    For instance, UC is participating in a joint study with the VA regarding the lingering effects of posttraumatic stress disorder. This ongoing study which opened in 2010 is charged with seeing which types of therapy would be beneficial to those veterans who experience PTSD.    UC also fosters strong partnerships with the military including the Center for Sustainment of Trauma and Readiness Skills or C-STARS, a joint training program between the Air Force and the University of Cincinnati Medical Center. C-STARS pairs both civilian Air Force medical professionals and trauma and critical care through simulation training.    UC is also an active participant in the Tri-State Vets Educational Group. This group is comprised of veteran representatives from nine universities and colleges across the region and meets quarterly to discuss best practices. Additionally, they develop programs that will improve the quality of life for the veterans on the respective campuses.    With regard to implementation of Section 701 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, UC does not anticipate any obstacles in offering the Fry Scholarship to spouses of deceased or permanently disabled veterans. At UC, we currently have three students receiving the Fry Scholarship.    And as for implementing Section 702, UC has offered in-state tuition to all student veterans since 2009. Because the Ohio GI promises, all the veteran has to do is show proof of residency and the school will immediately grant in-state tuition.    One problem that is slowly eroding is that the veteran does not realize that they have to apply for residency and this has been a priority for us for years. And I encourage all schools seeking to meet the requirements to look to UC as an example.    So in closing, I want to thank you for allowing me to share the great work that the University of Cincinnati is doing to accommodate current and future veteran students and their families.    I look forward to working with you as you expand services for veteran students and, again, offer the University of Cincinnati as an example to inform policy and to guide schools in shaping their programs.    Mr. Harrison. Yes, sir. Our group is made up of veterans representatives from the nine colleges and universities in the tri-state region; that does include North Kentucky and Southeast Indiana, Cincinnati State, Northern Kentucky University, Thomas More College, Mount St. Joseph University, Ivy Tech, Wright State University, Gateway Community College, Xavier University, and, of course, ourselves, and also a representative from Veterans Upward Bound, they do join us.    And what we do is we meet quarterly--in fact, we will be meeting at UC in a couple of weeks--and discuss best practices at each school, like what are we doing for our veterans. And why we do this is because it shows solidarity. We are not trying to poach students. We are doing this in an act of good faith because our attitude is they are first, school is second. So anything that is best for the veteran, we are going to try to push it to our schools, get our administration on board.    And also, too, when we go out and talk about the different programs to the Reserve and National Guard units, we are showing them that, Hey, we are on board; we are not just looking at you as just a number, we are looking at you as an individual. So if this is not the school for you, you can call this veterans rep at this school and they are going to be able to help you.    Mr. Harrison. Oh, we just give them the individual institution. So if it is, you know, Xavier University, we give them the vet rep's name and their telephone, email address, and at the other schools, as well.    Mr. Harrison. Yes, sir. What we try to do is we have the University of Cincinnati CAPS program, which is a UC-based program and everybody there is a UC employee. And then we also have the VA service, the VITAL program. And the VA hospital is within walking distance of the university. So what that does is we give the veteran a choice, if they want to see a VA psychologist, they can go to the hospital. They can come--or the psychologist can come to the school and we will give them space to speak to that individual, be it my office or a conference room, we will give them that space. And the same with the CAPS, they do have a place where they can go. They have trained psychologist, and it is a holistic program.    So it is really just giving that veteran an option on who they want to see, but we work closely----    Mr. Harrison. Oh, yes. And one of the problems is that a lot of veterans may or may not be aware of the services because, you know, they get flooded with emails at school from their instructors or from whoever, so it is just trying to make sure that when they come to our window and we find out they have some type of issue, we direct them in the right location so we can take them to the Office of Disability Services who they can refer them to CAPS or we can call the VA counselor, if needed.    Mr. Harrison. Unfortunately, yes. Even in my previous position as assistant director of Veterans Upward Bound, the community college--I was at Cincinnati State, we did have veterans who tried to transfer--well, they didn't try, they transferred in, but, you know, to their dismay, they found out that their credits didn't transfer from the for-profit schools.    And one thing, you know, that I am committed to do is when I, like I said earlier, when I do outreach is to explain to the Reserve or Guard member like, Look, as you use your benefits, you need to watch out for these schools, because they tell you that they are certified, and they are certified, but who is their accrediting institution? And then once they find that out--and I am not telling you where to go to school, but really you need to decide for yourself, because they will promise you everything and you have nothing to show for it once it is all shown and done except for a high debt.    Mr. Harrison. I know our VetSuccess counselor did a tutorial on that for some of our administrators and she explained the matrix, like, you know, it says 36 months and if you drop it down part-time or halftime, whatever, it is togoing to extend--it is not like 36 straight months, you know.    Mr. Harrison. Yes, if you can justify them.    Mr. Harrison. Well, they have to be given the benefit.    Mr. Harrison. We just do it on an individual basis. So if we get word that an individual is having an issue in school, I will personally reach out to that instructor and try to find out what is going on, if it is the instructor or if it is the student or if it is a little bit of both. And we let the instructors know; we do have tutorials throughout the school year, you know, it is like, okay, if this is going on, let us know. You have our office. You have the Office of Disability Services. You have the Center for Psychological Services. We give them all the phone numbers they may need in case something were to happen.    Plus, we also have--we just instituted this at our school--it is like a safe zone, safe for veterans. So, there is like a placard they can stick on their window, so if a veteran is having a hard time, they can look and see, okay, I can go here and they know what is going on and they know who to call.    Mr. Harrison. Yes. I guess at a large urban school some of the problem that other institutions may face, we do or we don't face, one of the things I have seen outside of funding, you know, sometimes they run out of benefits or even if they are discharged or care after service may not be what they need, sometimes it is just that lack of fear. You know, because no--you know I relate my own experiences when I got back from Iraq. You know, you are going at such a high tempo that when it is all said and done you are back to a civilian life. Then it is just like--you are like a fish out of water.    And sometimes what that younger veteran within the experience--they don't have the life experience of your average 25-year-old who just graduated high school and went straight to college. They have done a lot more, I mean you are 19 years old, you know, you are signing a will to give all your worldly belongings to somebody else, your range of experience is broader than that.    But then I try to motivate them too. Say, look, if you can handle Iraq, you can handle the classroom. Don't worry about failing, you are not going to fail, we got people here who want you to succeed, they don't want to fail you, and we got people here to prop you up. So really it is just trying to encourage them and motivate them like, hey, you can do this.