    Ms. Jeffrey. Chairwoman Foxx, Ranking Member Adams, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify about the work of the Office of Inspector General to strengthen accountability at CNCS. I have had the privilege of serving as the IG for nearly 4 years.    Since early 2013, OIG has been recommending substantial improvements to CNCS's grants management, especially risk assessment and focused monitoring. We have identified new monitoring requirements and encourage CNCS to begin work on them early. Our work has shown that better internal controls and risk management are needed across the organization.    OIG conveys our recommendations in audit and investigation reports, in meetings with CNCS's leaders, and in briefings of the board of directors. We summarize them in our semiannual reports to Congress.    We have also identified other sources of help for CNCS. Following a troubling financial statement audit, we initiated discussions with OMB and CNCS to develop a plan for substantial upgrades to internal controls. We recommended an assessment of information technology and how it could better support the agency's operations and programs. CNCS responded by commissioning a report by The MITRE Corporation which gave rise to the present IT modernization plan.    To jumpstart progress, we introduced the chief operating officer to the Federal Enterprise Risk Management community and its resources. We have long advocated that CNCS hire a chief risk officer whom we recently welcomed.    At our suggestion, the House Committee on Government Reform requested a GAO study of grant monitoring at CNCS which is currently in progress. And to improve criminal history checking, we brought in the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to share its expertise in assisting nonprofits.    CNCS has adopted a number of our individual recommendations. There is an increased focus on accountability and the leaders recently brought on board share that priority.    But much work remains to be done on basic risk management systems. High turnover in key accountability positions, insufficient resources, and lack of trained leadership have impaired efforts to improve accountability. CNCS lacks bench-strength and grant risk assessments and monitoring, creating appropriate internal controls, and identifying and reducing improper payments.    The agency has repeatedly promised progress, but it continues to struggle. Its grant monitoring depends heavily on risk assessments of unproven reliability. Our preliminary review of 40 seriously troubled grants found that half had not been monitored closely because they were rated as low or medium risk. CNCS was therefore blindsided by the serious problems that occurred.    Our audits and investigations also often find that the staff has missed red flags. That was the case with OIG's recent investigation of abortion-related prohibited activities. As you alluded to, Chairwoman Foxx, last month OIG reported that the National Association of Community Health Centers allowed a few AmeriCorps members to provide emotional support to women during abortions at three New York City clinics operated by a sub-grantee. The Federal statute authorizing the AmeriCorps program expressly forbids the use of AmeriCorps resources to provide abortion services or referrals for receipt of such services. Among the missed opportunities, from 2009, CNCS was on written notice that one NACHC's sub-grantees was performing abortions and having AmeriCorps members provide pre-abortion assistance. The agency did not ask the identity of the sub-grantee, did not determine whether the pre-abortion support activities were prohibited abortion services, and did not target NACHC or the sub-grantee for particular monitoring. The staff also did not record this key risk-related information in its online grants management system. Important institutional knowledge was therefore lost.    The agency made a considered decision in 2009 not to provide general guidance on the meaning of the abortion prohibitions. Its first interpretive guidance was imbedded in voluntary online training in 2014. There, CNCS stated for the first time that an AmeriCorps member is prohibited from accompanying a woman at a facility for an abortion; precisely what was taking place at the sub-grantee.    The measures that CNCS is now implementing could have been adopted long ago. These include OIG's recommendations, one, to analyze grantees' programmatic activity and clientele in order to identify those that present a heightened risk of a particular prohibited activity. There is a greater risk of abortion-related activities at a clinic that provides women's healthcare than at a program for Meals on Wheels to senior citizens. Second, to expand its repertoire of monitoring activities to include more frequent direct communications with AmeriCorps members, including surveys.    My staff and I see great potential to improve accountability at CNCS and we look forward to working with the Congress and agency leaders to that important objective.    Madam Chairwoman, this concludes my statement. I would be pleased to answer any questions that you or the other members might have.    Ms. Jeffrey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The corporation has not invested enough time, attention, and effort in strengthening its structural internal controls. That has been a finding repeatedly in the financial statement audits which are conducted by an independent auditing company that audits a number of Federal agencies.    The corporation often says that it will improve, it makes efforts to do so, but its turnover in leadership of that effort has impeded progress. The staff who are charged with responsibility for this important function are undertrained. They are under-resourced. And until the recent hiring of a chief risk officer, they have not been led by someone who is properly educated, trained, and with sufficient expertise.    The corporation also suffers some structural impediments by virtue of its outdated information technology system and how that impacts grant management. That is a place in which the corporation has made some progress. There is an IT modernization plan. It is underway and I believe it will substantially improve grant monitoring two or three years hence. Until that time however, the monitoring is extremely laborious, conducted by hand, and does not have the benefit of data analytics. We have been urging improvement on that score as well virtually since the day I came to the corporation in late 2012.    Ms. Jeffrey. We have recommended that the corporation undertake an assessment of what it will take to do these things, real planning with meaningful milestones, meaningful deadlines, and an assessment of the resources that will be required to get to the finish line. I understand that is underway now. We have not yet seen its results. And of course, the chief risk officer has only been on board for about a month.    Ms. Jeffrey. I think that would be something of an overstatement. What we know is that at some point when the grantee learned that an individual AmeriCorps member and a sub-grantee was acting as an abortion doula, they did two things. The national director at NACHC said that he analyzed for himself whether this conduct was permissible. He also said that he spoke to outside counsel. Looking at the documents, it appears that his conversation with outside counsel concerned whether it was permissible to be performing abortions at that clinic, not whether it was permissible to use AmeriCorps members. But he was not very specific about it and sometimes implied--    Ms. Jeffrey. Thank you. We, in fact, know that there were more than six involved.    Ms. Jeffrey. There are six that we can identify by name. The only way we are able to identify the individuals who served as abortion doulas is if they somehow made a blog post or sent something that is in the public record about their service. We know that there were additional individuals. We do not know how many because typically AmeriCorps members do not keep detailed time records of their activities. And so it is very difficult to quantify the number of people.    That said, it appears that the activity was limited to this one sub-grantee. And it is not given the number of individuals we can identify, we don't think it is orders of magnitude off.    Ms. Jeffrey. In my view, there is not. And not only did that happen with respect to this one veteran services grant, a very similar thing happened at around the same time with two other grants where the grantee unilaterally changed the objective of service, did not ask the corporation for approval. And then, when they were caught, sought forgiveness rather than permission. I think strong accountability requires the opposite. Grantees should be encouraged to ask first so the corporation makes the decision about the proper allocation of resources. Now, I believe there has to be accountability when a grantee exceeds its authority in that fashion.    Ms. Jeffrey. Well, what I can do is report on it. That is the limit of my authority.    Ms. Jeffrey. It is a very good question and I do have some thoughts on it. To a considerable extent, the corporation needs to think outside the box about how it monitors.    As things stand now, roughly one of the few ways that a corporation employee has contact with members is when that person does a site visit. Site visits may not happen but once every six years. That is not an effective way to know whether there are prohibited activities taking place at a grantee. So I think there need to be avenues for more frequent contacts with AmeriCorps members.    Ms. Jeffrey. In the experience of the OIG, if you want know what is really going at a grantee, the members will tell you. They are vocal when they see something they don't like.    Now in this case, the grantee reported this to us, to the corporation. But I do think that the more contact there is with members, and it could be done with some simple survey questions, the better the monitoring would be without investment of tremendous resources.    Ms. Jeffrey. Interestingly enough, that was a recommendation that CNCS made to grantees, that they monitor social media.    Ms. Jeffrey. Had they done that, that is how the grantee found it in this case.    Ms. Jeffrey. Now CNCS, as far as I know, does not take its own advice and do that even on an intermittent or selective basis. That may be something that it is considering now.    Ms. Jeffrey. We look forward to responding.    Chairwoman Foxx. All right, great. My time has expired and I believe all members have had an opportunity to ask their questions. Therefore, I would ask Ms. Adams if she is ready to make closing remarks?