    Mr. DeSantis. Commissioner, when does your term of office expire?    Mr. DeSantis. Of 2017?    Mr. DeSantis. So you will offer a resignation, whoever comes in, and you will offer to step aside?    Mr. DeSantis. I understand that. But when you say you serve at the pleasure, meaning that if the President came to you and asked you to step aside, you would----    Mr. DeSantis . If you got fired. But you are not going to offer to step aside unilaterally. Correct?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Now, there has been talk about due process. But I just want to, for the record, we did have a hearing in this Committee, I think it was in July. And you were invited to come to that first hearing, correct, and you chose not to?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Now, I want to look at your testimony today because there has been a lot of talk, I think justifiable, about some of the things you have said over the course of the investigation later turned out to be false. Now, today you testified that the IRS ended the use of BOLO lists more than 3 years ago. And that is your testimony. Correct?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, how does that square with the D.C. Circuit opinion where the IRS made that exact same argument and the court rejected that? They said, no, you have not ceased the conduct. You have chosen to suspend the use of BOLO lists, which means that you are free to attend, you are free to return to the offending conduct. And that is what the court found.    So for you to say you ended the list, when, in fact, you suspended them, that is not just me being, you know, nitpicky, that is a distinction that the court seized upon and justified in its ruling against the IRS. Shouldn't you have said that you have suspended the use of BOLO lists?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, it matters legally because if you are suspending it to try to get through a case and then you could return to it, the court thought that that was important.    Mr. DeSantis. So there is no document, though, that says----    Mr. DeSantis . You ended it or does it say you suspended it?    Mr. DeSantis. The court rejected that. I mean, you agree with that.    Mr. DeSantis. The court found that the IRS has simply suspended the use of BOLO lists, but that there is--you guys have not proven to the court--which that would have been the time to do it--that you will not return to the offending ways subsequent to the litigation.    Mr. DeSantis. But the court rejected that argument, as Mr. Jordan said. To be fair, the court said that that puts people in a catch-22 because you tell them, you know, you are going to violate their rights, and then if they seek litigation to get their rights, then you say, well, we are going to continue to violate your rights until the case is over. And the court thought that that was unacceptable, and I do too.    But let me move on. You have admitted that the subpoenas that were issued for Lerner's emails, that the IRS did not comply because there were tapes that were destroyed. Correct?    Mr. DeSantis. And I think that you have acknowledged that your June 20, 2014, testimony, you did testify falsely because you said, ``Everything has been preserved. Nothing has been destroyed.'' And of course, as we have established in March, just a few months before that, there were tapes that were destroyed containing pertinent emails.    You also testified that day that ``the IRS confirmed that backup tapes no longer existed.'' I remember that exchange because I was sitting there. They drilled down to you, what does it mean by confirmed. And you said it meant somebody went and checked. And of course that wasn't true. Because although the IRS had destroyed 422 backup tapes, the IG did find backup tapes that were still in existence at the time you made the statement.    You also testified at your confirmation hearings that you believed in transparency and report problems as soon as you knew about them regarding the Lerner production. But you have acknowledged today that you waited 2 months, and that that was a mistake.    One of the other things you said was that the IRS went to ``great lengths in order to provide Congress with the material that it requested.'' You remember making that statement?    Mr. DeSantis. Is that false? Did you go to great lengths to provide it? And here is why I ask that. You never--nobody in your organization ever went to the Martinsburg, West Virginia, warehouse where they had the backup tapes. I put it on Google maps today. It is about 76 miles from the District of Columbia. You have complained about how costly it has been to provide information to Congress in the past, but, in fact, that would have taken probably a tank of gas to get there and back.    And yet, the inspector general, when they went there, even though you said you went to great lengths, nobody from your organization had ever gone to retrieve any backup tapes. Isn't that true?    Mr. DeSantis. But those great lengths did not involve getting in a car, driving 76 miles, asking for the backup tapes, and then bringing them to Congress. That was a bridge too far for you.    So let me--I am almost out of time. Let me just end with this.    Mr. DeSantis. There has been disputes about did he order the tapes destroyed or whatever. I don't think that that is even the standard. Obviously if you did that, that is a no-brainer. But I believe Justice Story was right when he talked about impeachable offenses being political offenses that grow out of personal misconduct or gross neglect. And he said they must be examined upon very broad and comprehensive principles of public policy and duty.    I think that the IRS had a duty to provide Congress the information. The IRS breached the duty. I think you had a duty to display candor in front of Congress. I think your false statements--although you can say you didn't intend them--I think had you investigated more, you would have known. So I think it is really about breach of duty and about the gross negligence that is at issue here.    I am out of time, and I yield back.