    Mr. Milholland. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify here today.    The IRS recognizes the need to continue work to modernize our information technology. We make every effort to stay current and efficient in our data centers and our processing platforms while remaining vigilant about the security of our systems and the taxpayer data entrusted to us.    We operate a number of legacy systems vital to our tax administration mission. Our goal is to retire all of these legacy systems as quickly as possible. We consider them to be legacy because their programming languages and data structures were generally designed and built decades ago when computer infrastructure was extremely expensive and technology capabilities were limited.    Over time, the underlying hardware and operating infrastructures of the legacy systems have been modernized. Together with the movement to electronic filing technology, and despite the restrictions of the programming language and data structures, this modernization has made it possible for the IRS to deliver smooth filing seasons year after year.    To give the committee an idea of what our submission systems can handle, over this last filing season, we received 4.4 million tax returns on our peak day. At that peak, our systems accepted more than 800,000 filings in a single hour, which equates to more than 225 filings per second.    But the main challenge posed by our legacy systems is that their data structures stored on computer tapes make it very difficult to use that data in our downstream service and compliance systems to better serve taxpayers.    So we have been working for many years within the constraints of our budget to transition our legacy systems' programming languages and data structures so that we can make that data more available for more modern, Web-based applications and data analytics that we use in other key mission functions, like enforcement and compliance.    Our most visible effort in this regard has been the development of a centralized relational database for all individual taxpayer accounts called the Customer Account Data Engine, CADE2. When fully implemented, it will replace the legacy Individual Master File, or IMF, which historically has been the primary data source for individual taxpayer accounts.    We think that will happen in three major steps, or what we call transition states. The first step of this transition state in implementing CADE2 was the launch in January 2002 of that relational database. Up to this point, we had been performing core account processing on a weekly basis. Launching this phase of CADE2 meant that the IRS can now process updates to accounts on a daily basis. This has fundamentally changed the way the IRS provides information and services to taxpayers, and has delivered significant and lasting benefits to our tax system.    For example, taxpayers can now receive their refunds faster, and IRS customer service representatives have much more up-to-date customer account information.    This, however, is a complex, multistep process, not a single switch to be thrown. It is not an easily accomplished action because connections for these legacy systems are intertwined throughout the IRS for both system and data repositories.    There is a lot more work to be done on CADE2, but the steps we have taken so far have improved our ability to interact with taxpayers efficiently and effectively.    I also want to mention that GAO has acknowledged the importance of the IRS work in this area. In 2013, GAO removed our business system modernization program from its high-risk list, singling out delivery of the initial phase of CADE2 as the main reason for determining that business system modernization was no longer high risk.    I also should point out that all new development work over the past 7 years has been using state-of-the-art programming languages and database technologies so that the problems of older legacy systems will not be repeated.    In working to transition our legacy systems to more modern ones, we have a number of challenges. None is more critical than the budget situation. IRS funding was cut each year for 5 years from 2011 to 2015, and our budget is currently about $900 million below what it was in 2010. Making progress at a faster pace on transitioning our legacy systems will require significant, sustained, additional resources in the IT area.    Another way Congress can help is by reauthorizing streamlined critical pay authority. The loss of this authority has made it very difficult and time-consuming to recruit and retain employees with expertise in highly technical areas in IT, such as legacy system modernization, cybersecurity, architecture, engineering, and operations.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, this concludes my statement, and I am happy to take your questions.    Mr. Milholland. I am not the Treasury CIO, so I cannot answer that completely, but we are a large part of that organization.    Mr. Milholland. Yes. We believe that all of the technologies we have today are, in fact, supported. For example, when we were completing the drive to get to Windows 7, we worked out a special support deed with Microsoft to cover the Windows XP environments while we were completing the job, for example.    The rest of the environments, like what you call the mainframes, which is a Systems z, is, in fact, fully supported by the supplier, IBM. It is a very modern operating system. We are running Linux on the z. In fact, our main migration path for all new development is to build these applications with Java and run it on the z, or wherever best. It could be on an Intel processor.    We are also using the dollars to stay current whether it is the BIOS, whether it is operating systems, whether it is the middleware, whether the tools you are using, or the cross product, be more no more than n or n-1 versions behind.    Mr. Milholland. Absolutely. In fact, we have shared it with this committee. We call it the technology roadmap, part of delivering of what we call the future state for the IRS.    Mr. Milholland. We are just at the very beginning for that, for the migration to be the digital enterprise. But part of that is the modernization of all the legacy systems, which includes replacing that assembly language code with Java. That is in part driven by the CADE2 project that is underway.    Mr. Milholland. I will try to answer that two-part question.    With respect to the IRS and investment in IRS, people have said returns for about every dollar are $4 in revenue to the U.S. Often, a lot of that occurs because of the investment in the underlying IT infrastructure.    Where we have suffered is that the budget has been reducing, not staying flat. I have been told that we are ----    Mr. Milholland. But, sir, you also increased the tasks that we have. For example, far more people now are, in fact, filing income taxes.    Mr. Milholland. Well, there are a number of unfunded mandates like that that we have had to absorb, whether it has been Obamacare, FATCA, there is HCTC, the ABLE Act ----    Mr. Milholland. I think there is a different way to characterize it than management. I can't speak for my predecessors at all, but decisions made back in the 1970s and continued into the 1980s and 1990s and the first decade of this century basically said, ``Let's build a set of systems that automate the paper processing set of systems.'' So the way taxes were handled in the 1940s and 1950s and 1960s became automated in the way that computer systems were designed.    That means that when you file your taxes even electronically today, they are actually batched up electronically in a set of files that then need to be passed from system to system. There are lots and lots of interconnections that make that possible.    The program was written in Assembly language. By the way, it is written very elegantly. It is incredibly well-engineered for the time it was designed and built. The underlying infrastructure is very much state-of-the-art. That is why we can process returns so fast.    But we are constrained by those past decisions and the ability to share that data with I will just say new programs that we want to provide, so we are--I'm sorry, go ahead.    Mr. Milholland. There are certainly companies that use old programming languages like Assembly language and COBOL and Fortran and others. Most are converting themselves like we are to a modern programming language, all new development beginning with Java, for example, or other modern programming languages.    They use modern development techniques, so that you start with building a data model for your enterprise rather than have it as an afterthought with security built in.    I think the current practices, we would not have done it that way, if we had the knowledge we have today.    Mr. Milholland. I have been here not quite 8 years.    Mr. Milholland. We, in fact, do have ----    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. I described the replacement of the Individual Master File. We are doing it in three phases. The second phase will end in 2019, at the latest 2020, again, depending on funding.    The principal issue there is now to convert the mainline code from Assembly language to Java. We have, in fact, have tackled the hardest, knottiest, most gruntiest part of this code, which is critical for processing taxpayer returns, to convert it to Java.    Mr. Milholland. We, in fact, think, literally, we have found a breakthrough that we can do this. We think we can apply for three patents for this that will allow, once we are done, next March ----    Mr. Milholland. It is not in the same file, but there are links to it. It is actually in a relational database that we built separate from the Individual Master File. But the systems are interconnected with appropriate data calls and ----    Mr. Milholland. That was the decision of the Commissioner, and he wanted to testify himself. I understand the reasoning. He didn't speak to me about it, but in the past, he thinks that the political appointee should be the one to speak to the Congress, not careerists like me.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. Thank you for asking that question. I think there are two things. I put it in my written statement and in my opening remarks.    It comes down to, from an IT point of view, certainty in our budget, at least restore us back to the levels we were at a number of years ago. It has really handicapped our ability to modernize our legacy environments and our aging infrastructure and provide the services that taxpayers need.    The second thing deals with the people issue you just mentioned, and it is the streamlined critical pay authority. We have nine IT folk who a year from now will disappear. They are absolutely critical to the architecture work we are doing for legacy system modernization, the engineering, the implementation and operations. And they said that they would serve their country, but right now, if the law is not renewed, they will literally leave and increase the risk on the IT organization to serve the taxpayers of this country.    So thank you.