    Ms. ARMSTRONG. Bockius.    Ms. ARMSTRONG. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Takai.    As mentioned, I am a partner with the law firm of Morgan Lewis and Bockius. I primarily counsel government contractors on commercial item contracting. So I work with quite a few GSA schedule contractors. And also as mentioned, I do serve as a co-chair of the American Bar Association's Public Section of Contract Law Commercial Products and Services Committee.    I would like to thank you for inviting me here today to talk to you about GSA's proposed Transactional Data Rule. GSA published this rule in March of this year. What the rule requires is monthly reports from a variety of GSA contractors. This includes both the schedule contractors, as well as those who hold IDIQ, indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contractors, and what we call GWACs, Government-wide Acquisition Contracts, to prepare these monthly reports of all federal sales made during the prior month.    For GSA contracts, the rule will be implemented through a pilot program, which will apply to a limited number of schedules initially. For those contractors who participate in the pilot program, they will be alleviated from a burden, what we call the price reductions clause, which is another compliance clause that is in GSA contracts.    In the public meeting that GSA held on April 17th, I attended virtually. My perception of that meeting is that everyone in the room had concerns about the rule, including GSA's own inspector general. I think GSA was a little surprised about the negative reaction to the rule. There is a transcript that is supposed to be published of that hearing, but I have not yet seen that transcript.    The proposed rule raises a variety of concerns. There are four which I would like to address briefly today. The first, which I am sure you will hear from all our panel members about, is the cost of implementation and compliance. GSA has estimated that it will take six hours for contractors to implement systems to comply with this rule. I would suggest that for some contractors, it will take six hours for them to figure out which of their IT systems hold the various data elements that GSA has required for this rule. That does not allow any time for developing a report, ensuring that the report is accurate, and training its personnel on how they will submit that report on a monthly basis.    Likewise, the 31 minutes that GSA estimates it will take on average to prepare the monthly reports is grossly underestimated. This could not possibly allow any time for the contractors to actually review the reports to ensure that the data is correct. There is nothing in the proposed rule that suggests what would happen if the contractors submit incorrect data or if they simply remove data because it is obviously incorrect. I think these factors will have a disproportionate impact on small businesses who do not always have in-house resources for things like IT systems, and so they will have to go to vendors on an hourly basis to bring in expertise to help write these reports and prepare the transactional data.    The second problematic area is the potential expansion of what we call commercial sales practice requirements. GSA contractors are required to submit commercial sales practices prior to contract award and during contract performance when certain things happen, like if they go to add products to a contractor's increased prices. The proposed rule allows GSA to ask for CSPs at any time.    GSA should, although I am not sure that it understands the implications of preparing these CSPs, or even checking the box to say that CSPs have not changed. This requires contractors to go into their data systems and look at actual discounts on transactions. I mean, we see press release after press release from the Department of Justice stating that contractors have fraudulently provided this information when in reality they just have not checked. So this is a big concern.    The next concern is the cost benefit to collecting this information. We know it is going to cost a lot to collect the information, but what is not clear is what benefit GSA is going to receive from the information.    And then finally, is the confidential and proprietary nature of the information. Transactional data pricing has always been protected by the courts under FOIA, and GSA does not appear to appreciate based on comments made at the meeting that this is the case.    So I want to thank you again for inviting me to speak, and I am happy to answer any questions.    Ms. ARMSTRONG. In my view, I think GSA should start from scratch and look at its own federal internal resources for this data. As we discussed, there is a great risk for contractors providing information to GSA. If the information is not correct, they can receive allegations that potentially would subject them to False Claims Act liability. So there is a great risk in contractors providing information to the government, which means they have to assure that the information they provide is correct. And that is one of the things that substantially increases the costs. And we are talking here about federal orders. We are not talking about commercial orders. GSA is seeking information on federal orders. So that information is within the government. I think GSA needs to look at its own systems and develop a way that they can make use of the information already in their possession.