    Mr. Kotek. Thank you very much for the question. Very pleased with where we stand with the current work we have going on and the SMR program, our request this year, for fiscal 2017 will complete our funding commitment to new scale for the development and certification activities for the new scale design.    We expect to see them submit a design certification application to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission by the end of this calendar year. In terms of potential users and a market for that technology, as you may know, we are currently engaged in some site specific work looking at particular locations that our utility partners may want to use for construction and SMR, one of course is TDH site in Tennessee. The other is a construction called UAMPS, Utah Associated Municipal Power Systems which is looking at a series of potential sites in the west, including a couple of sites at the National Laboratory Site.    I was very pleased that a couple of weeks ago, we were able to reach an agreement with UAMPS on a site use permit that would allow the private entity to potentially use locations on National Laboratory site which could offer them advantages in terms of site characterization data, access to infrastructure and other benefits.    So we are seeing in the U.S., utility interest, as you may know there are several states that are now starting to consider SMRs as a potential vehicle for them to meet future electricity demands.    We are also hearing more interest internationally in the potential use of SMRs, which may offer very attractive low carbon, actually zero carbon life cycle alternatives for countries with maybe smaller electrical grids where it does not make sense to build two units of 1,000 megawatts each or something.    Of course, I expect that interest to firm up more as the new scale design goes through the design certification process and is a product which can actually be ordered which is still several years down the road but I am very pleased with the progress thus far so thanks for the question.    Mr. Kotek. Thank you, sir, for the question. Everything you just talked about, really, touches on the question of funding for those facilities.    Of course, that has been an issue that we have dealt with, both this committee and the counterparts on the Senate over the last couple of years. This year, we have gotten, I believe the number is 26 million dollars in the Office of Science budget, up from I think it was 12 in last year's request so there has been an attempt by the Department to address the funding challenges there.    With respect to the question of fair share, as an example, what we call the doors open costs for the facilities that we have in Idaho at the Idaho National Laboratory, we fully fund those out of the nuclear energy budget even though NNSA science and other programs might use those facilities, they will pay for the incremental costs of their programs but in terms of the base operating cost, say the door is open, waste management, et cetera, I think it is fair to say that we have taken a similar approach here with the facilities at Oak Ridge and the Science budget. I think our science counterparts are here this afternoon, is that right?    Mr. Kotek. And so they may have more that they may want to add on that subject at that time, thank you.    Mr. Kotek. No, other than just to echo what Chris said. It is working very well from our perspective, and of course in addition to that cooperation, we have a little bit of work looking at the specifics of how you would link up a nuclear system through an energy conversion system like this. So, a little bit of work there, but the most of what we are doing is in cooperation with his office.    Mr. Kotek. Thank you, sir, for the question. Of course, the ATR is central to both my programs in the Office of Nuclear Energy and to the work of the Office of Naval Reactors.    One of the first things that I got into deeply when I came back to DOE about this time last year was to ensure that we had a plan in place to adequately invest in the long-term safe and efficient operations of that reactor. Both we and the Office of Naval Reactors see a need for that facility out until the 2050 time frame.    So, what we have done is we have worked cooperatively with the Office of Naval Reactors and with the laboratory to put in place a 5 year rolling strategy focused on improving the reliability and predictability of ATR operations.    Of course, the Congress in the fiscal 2016 budget provided additional funds beyond what we had already requested, which we will use to accelerate some of the work that we had identified in that plan.    We have in our request for this year fully funded the activities that we had identified to be conducted in fiscal 2017 as part of that plan. The increase we received in fiscal 2016 came after we had put the 2017 plan in place.    We will work with Naval Reactors and with the contractor to ensure that those funds are spent efficiently and at the highest priority for the long-term safe operation of the ATR because it is just essential to a wide range of DOE missions.    Mr. Kotek. Thank you, sir, for the question. The $76.3 million we have for the Integrated Waste Management System is roughly split 50/50 between activities focused on consent-based siting and then work on nuclear fuel storage and transportation, which would be applicable regardless of what site was chosen for the ultimate storage or disposal of fuel.    Of course, we do not have anything specifically tied to Yucca Mountain in our request, but we are looking at being ready to transport fuel, for example, when we are in a position to start moving fuel, for example, from shut down plant sites to consolidated storage, which of course, we have set as a priority.    On the consent-based siting side, about $25 million that we have requested would be intended to be used for grants to states, tribes, local governments, potentially others that are interested in learning more about what it would mean to host a facility, either for storage or disposal, and either for civilian waste or defense waste repository sites, to help them understand what those challenges might be so that they can decide for themselves whether they might be interested in over the long term becoming what we call a ``willing and informed host.''    Mr. Kotek. Well, the language in our request in the fiscal 2016 request speaks to continuing to lay the groundwork for the consent-based siting process, and of course, what we are embarking on now is a series of public meetings and other activities designed to get input from states and others as to what should be considered in the design of a consent-based siting process.    For the fiscal 2017 request, we have in our language specifically said we now want to move forward with implementation of that process.    Of course, as you point out, there is a need for new legislation to do a number of the things that we have included in the administration's strategy, assure access to the Waste Treatment Fund, setting up a new organization, an independent organization, and other things.    Mr. Kotek. Yes, thank you, sir. And that initiative, I should point out, grew out of some really good work done by the Idaho National Lab, I think as I taught Alan back there, who led an effort to work with Oakridge and some of the other labs and universities to work with this community of innovators in advanced nuclear that has grown up over the last several years. You may have seen their recent reports talking about dozens of small companies capitalized to the tune of more than $1.5 billion in private money and is now trying to work both fission and fusion concepts towards commercialization.    The input we received from those companies was that the thing they needed the most out of DOE was the ability to access the capabilities that exist within the system, the reactors, the hot cells, the data and the codes and the brainpower that exists within the DOE system. And so GAIN was set up to establish a very convenient, streamlined way for these companies to access that series of capabilities. So what has been happening over the last several months is building on the work that we did through our nuclear science user facilities where university researchers and others can come in through a single portal and access capabilities around the system, we are now working to build that to make it easier for industry to use.    Because of course when you bring industry in you have got more challenges, like intellectual property protections that you have got to deal with. So we are building on that. The Idaho National Lab, Oakridge and Argonne are kind of at the core of this and are working together to get in place a series of agreements that we need to have so that we can provide rapid access into the system for these private companies.    Now, we are also hearing interest from international partners. And of course we do a lot of collaborative R&D. Other countries are coming to us and saying hey, we have got capabilities that may help fill in gaps in the U.S. capabilities, maybe we can come up with some sort of international arrangement. So we're trying to round that out. In the budget specifically, we have got a million and a half that is tied just for GAIN administration. We have got another couple of million dollars that we would assign for the continuation of this voucher program. You may have seen just yesterday we announced the first round of availability of funding. Just a couple million dollars, we expect to award maybe ten vouchers. But maybe $200,000 apiece roughly speaking, provide these companies some funding again to serve as the lab side of the project so they bring $50,000, we bring $200,000 and all of a sudden they've got $250,000 worth of access to the labs, an idea which I should say really EERE and Dave Danielson's shop pioneered. We just learned from it. It has been really through the coordination efforts that Dr. Orr's office has gotten us all engaged in.    So those are the types of things we will do under the '17 budget to try and help some of these companies get to the point where they can commercialize some of these advanced designs. So pretty exciting times.