    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank the Secretary and general for your service and all the witnesses here today.    I think when historians write the book on this administration, one of the overlooked achievements was the New START treaty, which was ratified on a bipartisan basis. And you know in the wake of it we have heard a lot of testimony at the Seapower Committee about the fact that the triad is going to change as a result of the realignment that the treaty created in terms of the leg of the triad that is going to carry the heaviest burden is the sea-based deterrence, about 70 percent, according to, again, some of the Navy witnesses that we have had here.    In the wake of that, in the aging out of the existing Ohio fleet, Admiral Greenert, Secretary Stackley, yesterday Secretary Mabus, I mean they made it crystal clear that the Ohio replacement program is at the absolute top of the list because the timing, even with the President's robust funding for design work, which again is another reason why we should support that top line.    You know really there is just no margin for delay in terms of making sure that we are going to be able to implement New START. So you know, Mr. Secretary, I was reading your testimony over at the Appropriations Committee and others about, again, we have been hearing about this for years, you know what the impact is going to be on the shipbuilding account.    So last year's defense bill when we created the Sea-based Deterrence Fund, we thought you know really used well-established precedent from the National Sealift Defense Fund, which again was an effort to take pressure off the shipbuilding account for a once in a multi-generation investment missile defense, et cetera.    I was just wondering if you could kind of talk with us a little bit about what your sort of thinking is. Because there is just no question that something is going to give when the resources are needed to build those boats in terms of the shipbuilding account, if it has to all come out of there.    Mr. Courtney. No quarrel with your comment. Again, just when you look at the size of the legs, it is not quite--it is a kind of funny looking stool because one of them is a lot longer than the other I guess.    And as long as I got a few seconds left, General, first of all thank you for your service. First time I met you was in Iraq when you were in charge of retraining the Iraqi forces. And I know you are probably more passionate than anyone about trying to re-bolster that force that is over there.    We had a National Guard unit leave for Afghanistan a few nights ago out of Hartford. And I just--the expectation was that the Reserve force was kind of going to stand down as the troop drawdown took place.    And frankly, for some people it was a little jarring to still see National Guard forces going over there. And I hope you are keeping an eye on those guys because you know it caused a lot of dislocation for the families to have a 60-day call-up when I think, again, people's world expectations, thought was going to change with the drawdown.    With that, I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Franks.