    Mr. Connor. Just on one other point if I could.    Mr. Connor. You asked about the complications of the existing rider, and the Secretary has explained everything having to do with greater sage-grouse. One of the complications has to do with the Gunnison sage-grouse, which is under the rule, and so it is listed now. The Service did make its determination prior to the rider taking effect.    One of the things that we can do to provide regulatory certainty is to do a 4(d) rule since it was listed as threatened in which we would basically take the conservation actions that have been committed and put that into a plan. If people are moving forward with those conservation actions, they have got no issues with the Endangered Species Act. That is one thing precluded by the existing rider, that we cannot move forward with that 4(d) rule.    Mr. Connor. Our climate change programs at Interior are on three levels, two of which I think are specifically relevant to your question. We have our real energy program where we are trying to reduce carbon through those programs. Building community resilience, the adaptation action that you referenced, and then I think it is incredibly important we continue to invest in science to inform ourselves about how the impact of climate change is affecting our resources.    With respect to the adaptation programs and building resilience, we are investing in this budget about $195 million overall. We want to replicate what we are doing with respect to the Hurricane Sandy initiative through our $50 million proposal for coastal resilience grants. We think the first cut reading of the projects that were done as part of Hurricane Sandy is they were very positive, and they will have benefits with respect to storm surge and long-term resilience. We want to replicate that along other coasts.    On the landscape itself, BLM, Fish and Wildlife Service, and National Park Service each have a $10 million challenge cost share grant program for climate related projects. Of course, our budget continues to support the 22 Landscape Conservation Cooperatives that we have as well as our eight Climate Science Centers, so $195 million on the ground to try and deal with resilience activities.    I forgot to mention our $50 million tribal climate program. We have invested about $8 and $10 million over the last couple of years to try and build capacity in tribal communities with tribal leaders to be able to address their needs. This budget would bump up activity in 2016 so we could actually take that capacity and start to do projects on the ground to build resilience.    The last thing I will note is we have $83 million in climate variability science with USGS focused on the Arctic, focused on coastal communities and sea level rise, drought, and storm surge and flooding activities that we expect to increase as a result of climate change. That is the broad portfolio we have.    Mr. Connor. I will start with the latter part. This year's drought is every bit as bad as last year's drought with respect to the lack of precipitation. We did have a decent December, but then it all dried up in January, as you pointed out, Mr. Chairman. The problem is we went into this season with substantially less water in storage than we had even last year, and the impacts of the ongoing drought will be as deep or even deeper than they were last year. Of course, last year was the harshest time ever.    I think overall, the landscape is very difficult with respect to the challenges we are facing. Just to give some context, historically we have pumped around, in good years 5 and half million acre feet per year to supply the Federal project and the State water project. Over the last couple of years with respect to the drought, in 2012 and 2013 we pumped anywhere between 4.2 to 4.8 million acre feet, so significantly lower.    Last year with the impacts of the drought, we ended up pumping about 2 million acre feet of water, so less than half of what we had even done in 2012 and 2013, and that situation is likely to continue. It is very much a function of the drought. I would just note we are about 2 to 2 and half million acre feet below even the water levels of previous droughts, and I know there has been a lot of focus on the Endangered Species Act, and certainly that is affecting the availability we have for pumping water because of restrictions. But of that reduction last year, only about 65,000 acre feet was related to the Endangered Species Act. That is 65,000 feet that is incredibly important to somebody, and I certainly understand that, but it is 2 percent of the overall reduction we have had because of the drought.    Nonetheless, I think on the positive side, we did learn some lessons in last year's drought, and we have improved our monitoring capabilities, our ability to, in real time, understand where the fish are with an overall goal of trying to improve operations when we can during those precipitation events like we had finally at the start of February. One of the improvements from last year is last year we allowed some increased pumping over what the biological opinions would normally allow, but then we required mitigation on the back side of that. There were certainly concerns about whether or not we were having net gain.    This year, we have re-looked at the science. The Fishery agencies concluded they do not necessarily have to get immediate mitigation. We can look at other opportunities to mitigate for higher levels of pumping. If we have the opportunity for higher levels of pumping as part of our drought strategy, we are going to do that. We are going to implement those higher levels and try and take as much water as we can. We did that for about a week in the aftermath of the storm we had a couple of weeks ago.    Mr. Connor. What it would allow is us going up to about 7,500 CFS. The controlling factor is reverse flows on Old Middle River, and if you are at the maximum levels in our drought strategy, it does allow about 7,500 CFS of pumping. I think we got over 7,000 for a couple of days. We were well over 6,500 for a couple more days. We did better, but you are correct in relating we were not at that maximum level the entire time. What was happening was a daily decision about what we could do.    Mr. Connor. I think overall, we are at about 45 percent storage capacity between Lake Mead and Lake Powell right now. Once again, the 15-year drought in the Colorado River system is every bit as bad as the situation in the Central Valley of California. The difference has been the storage that we started with. And, 15 years ago in 2000 when the drought cycle started, those two reservoirs were at full capacity. We basically had a few good years within the 15 years, but most of them have been below average. Because of that, we have not yet incurred any shortages on the lower Colorado River.    When we hit elevation 1075 at Lake Mead, the States of Nevada and Arizona will start talking shortages. Right now, we will not have a shortage in 2015, but we are looking at significant possibilities starting in 2016 and 2017, and I think there is around a 20 percent chance we will be in a shortage condition in 2016. It goes up to almost 50 percent after that, so it is also a serious situation.    Mr. Connor. It is about 60 million overall, and those two reservoirs are 50 million of it.    Mr. Connor. Oh, I think between all the reservoirs, Shasta is the largest and it and Oroville are the two largest, and they are about, I would say, 10 to 12 between all of them.    Mr. Connor. 2004, yes, sir.    Mr. Connor. We are at the tail end of several of the feasibility studies and EISs, and I am going to segment it that way because issuing permits will necessitate us figuring out the financing for our facilities. The threshold is to finish the environmental work and the feasibility work. With Shasta Dam raise, we will be including that this year, the feasibility studies and the final environmental impact statement.    We have a draft feasibility and a draft EIS with respect to Temperance Flats on the San Joaquin. One of the storage studies that was contemplated was Los Vaqueros Dam in the delta, and we completed the raise itself. We are doing the environmental analysis and Contra Costa is paying for a dam raise there. They are now evaluating a second raise at that facility.    Then sites off stream on the Sacramento are lagging a little bit because for several years we did not have a cost share partner with the State. I think all of that is ready to change. We are working with the Joint Powers Authority up in the Upper Sacramento, and the State, I think, will have a new agreement to move forward with those feasibility studies.    We will probably at that point in time for efficiency purposes turn over the EIR process, the environmental impact review process, to the Joint Powers Authority and the State itself and let them take it forward. But they do want us to finish the feasibility work.    Mr. Connor. Not the specific budget investments.    Mr. Connor. There is a proposal for a listing.    Mr. Connor. And the Service did a threshold analysis saying it deserves further review, so it has not been listed or anything. I did not know that we were in the comment period yet, so we will go back and find that out and address it. I know it is going to get further review and further public engagement, but I am not sure we have actually had the comment period initiated yet.    Mr. Connor. It has not been released. It will be a proposed rule. There will be a lot of public process involved in that timeframe. There will be a draft environmental impact statement that will weigh out the analyses associated with the rule. There will be economic analyses that are a part of that rule, but it will be proposed at that time. It has not even left the Department, and it is being prepared by the Office of Surface Mining.    So it is very early in this process. Typically with these regulatory processes, we make lots of changes between proposed and final. I anticipate we will take lots of comments, and we will go through that analysis and that input, and we will have this dialogue as it continues over the next year to 2 years.    Mr. Connor. Yes, of the $250 million that EPA has requested, we have a request for $68.2 million for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. Of that, we have $42.6 million in the Fish and Wildlife Service budget for coastal wetlands and national wildlife refuge activities, which is actually $2.5 million more than we had previously.    In some cases we have a little bit of an increase. I do not have a delineation of the impacts of the minus $50 million that you referenced, and we can dig down a little deeper and get you that information.    Mr. Connor. I think we have our overall program numbers with respect to Asian carp investments in science and control and monitoring between the USGS and the Fish and Wildlife Service. That is the $14 million overall, of which about $6 million is for USGS, and the balance is for Fish and Wildlife Service. But I do not have it broken down into the Ohio section of that. I think we can get you those details.    Mr. Connor. When we had CUPCA in the budget around 2012, 2013, we really ratcheted back on the Central Utah Project under the theory that projects we were paying for and getting repayment from or where we were cost sharing a certain percentage of the costs, and local entities were coming up with the balance, were a lower priority than other obligations we had. I think you may remember we cut back to, I think, $3 and a half million a couple of years ago. Since that time, that has sparked.    We are trying to build that back up because I think there were some very productive discussions with the conservancy district out there. I think if we could complete the Utah Lake system, that triggers repayment to the Federal government. I think it makes financial sense for us to do that, and then work out a new cost-sharing strategy. I think we have been in good discussions. It is something I want to continue to work on during the next couple of years because I think it makes sense for everybody if we can bump back some funding.    Mr. Connor. Yes.