    Mr. Rooney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I think one of the things you could start with or one of the agencies could start with is: this fall my son broke his nose playing football, and we went to the emergency room to have it reset, and as we left, they gave us a prescription for Percocet. He is 13.    Mr. Rooney. Yes. I mean, I did not have that when I got hurt playing football when I was younger. It was, you know, take some Advil and suck it up.    But anyway, I was shocked. I was shocked, but I am going to switch subjects if I could and talk about tobacco.    I want to talk about the deeming regulations and the proposed rule to deem e-cigarettes and cigars under the jurisdiction of the Center for Tobacco Products. The FDA estimates a number of pre-market tobacco applications that the FDA expects to receive is 27, one for cigars and pipes and the rest, the remaining 25 for vapor products.    Congress statutorily mandated that the tobacco industry, including cigar manufacturers and importers, pay a user fee to fund the Center for Tobacco Products. Each entity share was determined by how much each paid into that tobacco buyout.    Did you consult with the USDA about the number of cigar manufacturers and importers that participated in that tobacco buyout to determine the number of applications the FDA would receive annually?    And did you consult with the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau over how many cigar companies would have registered with them?    Mr. Rooney. Thank you.    Mr. Rooney. OK. I do not know if this is also for you, but industry analysts and trackers estimate the sale of e-cigarettes in 2015 were more than three billion, and vapor shops sell more SKUs than obviously we can probably count.    And in the 9 years since the February 15, 2007, the existing predicate date, tens of thousands of cigars have been introduced to the market.    Given that information, do you think the regulation put out to deem electronic cigarettes and tobacco products underestimates the number of pre-market tobacco applications that manufacturers will have to file?    Mr. Rooney. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Rooney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good to see you all.    I wanted to talk about citrus funding today. The FY 2017 budget cuts funding the Citrus Health Response Program or CHRP by adjusting the federal cost share rate from 94 percent to 80 percent. Your budget requests an overall decrease to the Specialty Crop Pest Program, including a reduction of $7.2 million to the CHRP program.    I understand USDA has a lot of factors to consider when determining what the federal portion of that tab is going to be. You all have indicated that--to take into consideration whether it's a new threat or a longstanding program effort, whether the pest or disease spreads quickly, and what the commercial interests are at stake.    I would argue that the current Huanglongbing (HLB) challenge more than addresses these qualifications. The President's budget request reduces the federal cost rate, again, from 94 to 80 percent. This might not seem like that much, but at this critical time, we need all the help that we can get.    Last year you indicated that USDA had not conducted an analysis to determine whether or not state and local entities would be able to increase their portion of the cost share. And I don't need to remind you of the important stake agriculture has to our economy in Florida and the fears of how deeply aggressively dropping citrus production will impact our state. We have shown that we do have skin in the game in Florida, but the industry is getting to the point where it can't support a lot of the systems it used to rely on.    A very prominent group of companies involved with the citrus industry recently suggested that our State Department of Citrus needs to reduce their budget by 70 percent. ``The impact of citrus greening has been overwhelming and unprecedented. And it is not an exaggeration to state that we are in a struggle for our very survival.''    The letter said, ``This challenge has dictated a need to change and adapt, and the undersigned believe that the industry makes a dramatic change. It's prudent to consider significant modifications to the Department of Citrus to adapt the crisis and give the industry the best chance of survival and rebuild.''    My question is, if the growers are unable to support their in-state organization, the Department of Citrus, how can you expect that a reduction in the federal investment is appropriate? And in the event that the states cannot afford an increase in the cost share rate, will this result in your overall decrease in CHRP funding? What CHRP activities would be impacted? If you can provide specifics, that would be great.    I just want to editorialize at the end of my statement there. These growers are at the end of their rope. It is a critical time in Florida for us to be able to defeat greening and move forward. So, I appreciate your answer.    Mr. Rooney. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.