    Dr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Secretary Jewell, who was not able to join us previously in September. I am pleased that you are finally here with us today. I appreciate that.    I want to go with the same line of thought here of why--if we have determined that the testing of the water was important, but it was not done; there was a change of personnel, and that change of personnel created urgency that this needs to be done; but we don't know who that change of personnel was--aren't those important questions? How can we hold someone accountable if we are not even going to look into these types of questions?    Dr. Hice. It does not seem like it is that much of an investigation to find out there was an urgent decision made, otherwise the BOR would have been waiting--a delay before proceeding, and the water took off.    Let me go back to the September hearing. One of the individuals we had giving testimony from the state of New Mexico stated clearly that the involvement from the Department of the Interior following the disaster was non-existent. That is an extremely strong word, ``non-existent.'' He did clarify that your Department had put out a press release stating that you were preparing an investigation, but with no details on what the scope of that investigation would be.    The scope is kind of important in this whole thing. It is something, again, that we had planned to ask you, but you were not here. What was your personal involvement in managing the disaster, following the blowout?    Dr. Hice. I am asking about you. Did you visit the site?    Dr. Hice. Your predecessor visited the site in the Gulf of Mexico of the Deepwater Horizon spill that was caused there by a private-sector business. Again, I will follow up on the questions from my colleague, Mr. Labrador. Why is there a double standard? Why was there a visit in the Deepwater Horizon case immediately from someone in your position? Now we have something--a disaster from the EPA, and to this day you still have not visited the site. Why is there a double standard?    Dr. Hice. So if this was a private-sector business involved, you would not have visited the site?    Dr. Hice. You would not have visited the site?    Dr. Hice. If the EPA was not involved here, but a private business was involved in this disaster, you are saying you still would not have been interested in visiting the site?    Dr. Hice. But it comes under your jurisdiction, and it was a disaster; and for disasters much less disastrous, people have gone to jail in the private sector. But you still have not visited the site.    Let me go on, I have tons of questions here. The fee--the Administration has proposed an AML fee on hardrock mines. This is potentially going to create a very great hardship--I see my time is running out. Mr. Chairman, this is precisely why I have introduced H.R. 3844, the Energy and Minerals Reclamation Foundation Establishment Act, to help get the private sector involved into building a foundation to address the issues that we are discussing here today. And with that, sir, I yield my time back. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you. Great bill. Mr. Hardy.