    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director, thank you for being here, and thank you for your testimony.    I do, like other members of the committee, recognize the Fish and Wildlife Service's good work in many areas. You certainly have a large footprint in wild and wonderful West Virginia. You have a field office in Elkins. We have wilderness areas, Canaan Valley and Ohio River. So you have a real footprint in our State.    We obviously had a water contamination issue you all stepped up and helped with. Thank you very much for that.    I hear consistently about positive working relationships with your office.    One of the things I would like to focus my brief amount of time on is asking about what role Fish and Wildlife and your agency has had working with the Office of Surface Mining relating to their stream protection rule.    Did you help draft that rule? In particular, what was the role Fish and Wildlife had in the drafting of the Stream Protection Rule, as being considered and put forth by OSM?    Mr. Jenkins. So you describe some discussions but not sure exactly to what extent the specifics are.    While you have had discussions, OSM has put forth a draft Stream Protection Rule. Do you know what role you play in that rule that is out there being advanced by OSM?    Mr. Jenkins. So back to my question. Has the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service been engaged in the OSM drafting? And is there a role for the Fish and Wildlife Service under the Stream Protection Rule being advanced by OSM?    Mr. Jenkins. Let me ask you specifically, as I have reviewed the rule, the rule as put forth by OSM gives the Fish and Wildlife Service essentially veto authority over a permit issued.    As I go back and review SMCRA, it grants the authority for OSM but puts the States in the primary position of issuing permits.    My question is, under what legal authority does the Fish and Wildlife Service have, under an OSM-proposed rule, the right to have veto authority over any permit?    Mr. Jenkins. Okay. It is my reading and interpretation that I think OSM is advancing a rule that gives you the ability to veto a permit issued by a State when the Service, you, have any issue whatsoever with permits, the fish and wildlife protection enhancement plan.    Let us see what they put out. I have read it. I would encourage you to review it. And let us see if we can come to a mutual understanding as to whether or not OSM may be, granting to the Service authority that SMCRA does not grant.    Mr. Jenkins. The last question I have is, through the Wildlife and Sport Fish Restoration Program, West Virginia worked closely with the Service to coordinate the largest Wildlife Management Area expansion in our State's history. Under the Acres for America program, through the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, there seems to be a developing success story.    Can you share with us how Fish and Wildlife Service is working with partners at the foundation to advance the restoration project that I am referring to in West Virginia? This is related to the elk restoration project.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Director.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director, thank you for the visit yesterday, and thank you for your testimony today. And thank you for the good work of the National Park Service in my State of West Virginia. I am proud to have some very beautiful, scenic, cherished lands.    West Virginia, in the Third Congressional District, we have the Bechtel Summit Boy Scout camp. There is now going to be a second National Jamboree in 2017 and a World Jamboree in 2019.    Just as an expression of appreciation, I hear pretty consistently about the work of the Boy Scouts with the local community, because this area of the Boy Scouts butts up against a national park, the New River Gorge.    As a matter of fact, if you go onto the Boy Scouts Web site, they promote the Jamboree by talking about the Summit Reserve's 14,000 acres up against the 70,000 acres of the national park. So some of this cobranding, comarketing, is well at work.    Do you have any sense of the positives or challenges in your national park relationship with the Boy Scout jamborees, national and world, that will be in that area?    Mr. Jenkins. Those involved know that one of the commitments the Boy Scouts have made is essentially requiring the scouts to do community service projects in conjunction with their participation with these jamborees. I hope we can continue to see that collaborative relationship as an opportunity to help improve our national parks. When you talk about deferred maintenance, you have literally 30,000, 40,000 Boy Scouts attending the jamborees that are ready to get to work.    Secondly, I noticed from the budget, about a 50 percent cut in the category of national heritage areas. In my neck of the woods, we have two National Heritage Areas, one actually in my district, the other in another part of the State. I notice from the budget about a 50 percent cut to those line items.    I heard you reference priorities. If we as a committee recommended restoring funds because we think it is a priority for the National Heritage Areas' support, do you have any opposition?    Mr. Jenkins. You mentioned the Mighty 5. We talked about this yesterday, and it came up again today. It sounds to me that when States do some unique marketing and branding about the assets that they have, in particular national parks, that is a true win-win situation.    I want to reiterate I welcome feedback from you, Director, and your staff about those State and national park co-marketing efforts, where they are working like the Mighty 5, and maybe where we can provide some assistance to encourage them.    I want to be able to go back to my tourism folks and hold out some best-practice examples. Let's make sure that we are, at the State level, doing everything we can, in working with the National Park Service, to promote these wonderful resources.    Mr. Jenkins. My last question for this round is, we have a historically black college in my district, Bluefield State. From a quick look at the National Registry of Historically Black Colleges, there appears to be about 107 colleges on that list. Your budget line item was about $3 million.    I would like to have some follow-up with that volume of historically black colleges, to what extent that $3 million can really make an impact. I welcome the opportunity to have a more detailed discussion about your line item and your priorities within that category.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today, we have before us the President's request to fund what I see as the final chapter in this administration's war on coal. For almost 8 years, the administration has unapologetically and systematically worked to shut down our country's most abundant, reliable, and cheapest form of energy: coal.    What this administration and the EPA do not understand is what their actions have done to the people of West Virginia.    So, Ms. McCarthy, in your official role as the head of the EPA, have you actually been to West Virginia in the last 3 years?    Mr. Jenkins. I know you were invited. So since you have refused to come to West Virginia, you simply do not understand, in my opinion, how your agency has devastated my State.    Here is what life is like for many families in southern West Virginia. Coal jobs have plunged more than 50 percent in just the last 5 years. These are good jobs. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the average wage of a coal miner is over $84,000 a year. Compare that to our State average wage, which is less than $37,000 a year.    Coal jobs provide a true living wage that can support a family. Coal jobs also come with really good benefits, a pension, and health care benefits a retiree can count on. But not anymore. The bankruptcies of our country's largest coal companies have left pensioners and widows desperate for help.    And because of your actions, West Virginia now has one of the highest unemployment rates in the entire country.    For the past few months, I have been sharing the stories of West Virginia families on the House floor as part of my West Virginia coal voices project. Mothers, fathers, coal miners, small-business owners, they are all worried about their future.    April Brooks of Mercer County is the wife of a coal miner. She says she wonders if her family has a future in West Virginia. Here is what she wrote me: Like every family that depends on coal for a living, we live day to day, worrying about what will happen tomorrow. You cannot plan for the future because of the uncertainty. We love our State, but how does one stay here and survive, if the jobs are not there?    Administrator, your war on coal impacts so many more people and businesses than just the thousands of direct mining jobs.    Teresa Haywood of McDowell County, she owns a small business and her customers are affected by the coal layoffs. Here is what she wrote me: Our business has dropped majorly, and I am struggling day to day just to try to decide to pay the bills or to restock. People keep asking me, am I going to keep my business open?    The war on coal also affects our schools, our police, our fire departments, all of which are funded by coal severance taxes. In just the last few years, severance tax revenue has dropped by nearly $150 million in West Virginia.    As coal mines shut down, communities have less and have to make tough decisions.    Stacy Walls of Boone County reached out to me concerned about her son's future. Here is what she wrote me: My County is closing my son's school due to not having coal tax revenues that help keep it open. My son's education is now going to suffer because of the war on coal.    This Congress is trying its best to stop your agenda, an ideologically-driven agenda hell-bent on shutting down the use of fossil fuels for energy production.    We have used the power of the purse and included policy riders on funding bills. We have supported the legal challenges brought by a majority of the States, led by Democrats and Republicans alike, trying to stop your regulatory overreach.    The Supreme Court has already said you erred in not considering the economic costs of your regulations, the kinds of things I have been talking about.    And the Government Accountability Office said you used covert propaganda and grassroots lobbying in violation of Federal law.    But despite our best efforts, you have succeeded in wrecking our economy and ruining the lives and livelihoods of thousands of our citizens.    Regardless of one's belief in the President's climate change agenda, his drive--your drive--to succeed has been devastating to the people of West Virginia and to the tens of thousands of others across this country who work to fuel this Nation.    Administrator, West Virginians are a proud people. We want to work. We want to provide a better future for our children. Let us do the work we have done for generations, work that provides a good paycheck and keeps the lights on.    And until you actually visit the coalfields of West Virginia, you will never understand the impact of your actions.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.