    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Secretary Jewell, it is good to see you again.    On page 48 of your report, there is an updated Figure 39, which describes as showing EPA's assumptions about the entrance to the mine adit. Although someone reading your report would not know it, that figure was prepared after the blowout, and the report author knew this when they authored the report. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Labrador. Yes, Figure 39 on page 48.    Mr. Labrador. Someone reading this report would not know it, but that figure was prepared after the blowout. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Labrador. That is not correct.    Mr. Labrador. No. It was prepared after the blowout.    Mr. Labrador. Your report uses that figure throughout to describe, through narrative illustrations, the EPA plan being carried out last August. The steps included digging up the tunnel opening from above; inserting a metal pipe, called a stinger, through the collapsed material in the opening, or through the plug; and then using a pump to drain the water impounded in the tunnel or the adit.    Although your report makes no mention of it, on August 5, 2015, there was no stinger and no pump at the Gold King Mine site. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Labrador. Yes, but did----    Mr. Labrador. You are saying that this was the plan. But when you were working on that date, you did not have what you were supposed to have in there, correct?    Mr. Labrador. Oh, correct.    Mr. Labrador. So by 10:51 a.m. on August 5, the time the water began spurting from the Gold King Mine, a channel had been prepared on the right side of the excavation so that water from the mine could be directed to an existing drainage system. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Labrador. Dr. Olsen, the Army Corps of Engineers reviewer of your report, stated that there was no explanation in this report of the urgency to start digging out the plug, rather than wait for BOR technical input, as prescribed by the EPA project leader. Your report does not contradict or refute this statement in any way, does it?    Mr. Labrador. Last night, on the eve of today's hearing, your report that EPA paid you to do, EPA remarkably revealed an addendum to its own investigative report unveiling new revelations from EPA that are reportedly based, in part, on more interviews with EPA's on-scene coordinators. Your report makes no assertion whatsoever that the steps of inserting the stinger through the plug, or any other steps involving actually breaching the mine entrance, were going to be paused until August 14 or later. Now you are claiming that they were going to be paused, when other experts would be on the site. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Labrador. Your report makes no assertion whatsoever that the steps of inserting the stinger through the plug, or any other steps involving actually breaching the mine entrance, were going to be paused until August 14.    Mr. Labrador. OK. Secretary Jewell, in your response to Mr. McClintock, you said there was no evidence that anybody did anything intentional. In response to Mr. Gosar, you said again that intentionality is an issue. But for private citizens, all these environmental crimes are strict liability crimes. Why is there a different standard for private citizens than for workers of your administration?    The Chairman. We will pick that question up at some other time.    Mr. Westerman.