    Dr. Hudson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and honorable Members. Please accept my gratitude for this invitation to speak to you today on foreign ag subsidies. As Congressman Neugebauer said, I am the Larry Combest Endowed Chair in Agricultural Competitiveness, named after a former Chairman of this Committee, and I also am Director of the International Center for Agricultural Competitiveness at Texas Tech.    My testimony today is based on years of data accumulation and analysis and, to the best of my ability, an objective assessment of the state of agricultural subsidization globally.    We all know that the issue of subsidies is controversial and contentious. And some groups such as the Environmental Working Group, Oxfam, and others attempt to frame the issues in such a way as to highlight the impact of U.S. subsidies. But their logic and their arguments presuppose that the United States operates in a vacuum, or more specifically, that the United States is basically the only country subsidizing.    My objective today is to provide some perspective on global subsidies so we can analyze those policy issues more objectively.    Based on just looking at OECD data which are publicly available, we can see that in 2012 the United States fits basically into the middle ground of total subsidies provided. The OECD data are not comprehensive in a sense that it covers all countries but clearly indicates that subsidies are by no means a U.S.-only phenomenon.    In fact, if we look at this case, China is much larger as well as the EU in total subsidies provided. The single year is helpful to look at, but the second figure also shows the trend in support that has occurred over time, isolating the two big developing countries in OECD data, China and Brazil, and the United States for comparison.    So, clearly the United States' trend of support is down. The word is everybody on this Committee is fully aware. But developing country support is growing exponentially. What data are available outside of the OECD data set show similar trends in developing countries' support around the world.    Briefly, I think it is useful to understand the types of support that are offered. The most transparent are direct price supports through price and income. Countries like China, India, and Brazil have moved to utilizing direct price supports on several commodities. The EU by contrast offers direct income support. For comparison's sake, the EU offers Spanish cotton farmers a direct payment of =435 per hectare which is equivalent to 32 per pound or 377 percent higher than the old United States direct payment to cotton producers.    The second major type are indirect subsidies which are subsidies on things like inputs, taxes and credits, R&D, among other things that exist out there. Countries like Egypt, India, Mexico, Pakistan, Turkey, Uzbekistan, and Brazil all use these types of subsidies.    As an example, Brazil offers debts forgiveness, restructuring, and broadly offers low-interest rates to agricultural producers in 2011 to the tune of $64 billion. West Africa offers free seed worth $30 to $60 per acre. And India just recently announced this fiscal year they will provide $11 billion in fertilizer subsidies. So that gives you some perspective on the scope of those types of indirect subsidies.    Finally there are the implicit subsidies that exist through trade barriers, and although it is beyond the scope here, China, for example, has used a myriad of tariffs, quotas, domestic stock-piling, and other non-tariff barriers to support domestic corn, some cotton, soybean, and other agricultural prices.    Direct analysis of subsidies is often difficult because subsidies are supposed to be reported to the WTO. We are often years or even decades behind in reporting. China, for example, just caught up to 2010 in its reporting to the WTO.    We have however collected data on subsidy rates, and I provide a couple of examples here for cotton and corn. So if you look at China, in cotton, offers cotton producers in their most productive region a direct price support of $1.60 per pound. Compare that to a U.S. loan rate of 45 to 52 per pound depending on the adjusted world price, and that loan rate must be either repaid or the crop forfeited, unlike a direct price support that China offers. Even Brazil offers direct price supports well above U.S. levels, whether or not they are in effect depending on world price. Corn, as another example, China offers three times the PLC reference price for corn and much higher than that of the loan rate.    So if we look across a broad set of commodities globally, the data clearly show that the United States is often in the middle or bottom of the rankings. Overall, I hope this information shows that global subsidization is deep and broad and is an important part if we look at how we are going to handle or address these issues. Many countries treat agriculture as a strategic asset, and our failure to do so would put our producers at a competitive disadvantage.    Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Dr. Hudson. Thank you for your question. The minimum support price in China is at $1.60 a pound. If we look at a typical U.S. or futures price at this point, it is about 65 a pound, or if you go to world prices, somewhere around 80 per pound. At least twice the quoted world price level is what China is supporting its producers at.    Certainly the elements we are looking at here in terms of China, because it is either depending on the year the largest or second-largest producer of cotton, that level of support is significantly distortionary to world markets. Obviously they have had a stock-piling policy that has accumulated 65 million bales of cotton, and that has tremendous impacts on U.S. producers in terms of price suppression and the ability for us to work our way out of that overstock situation over time. We are going to see extended periods of lower prices because of that policy.    The Chairman. Put 65 million bales into context. How much does the world use every year?    Dr. Hudson. The typical production year is about 115 million bales. So it is over \1/2\ of world production in any given year.    The Chairman. Thank you, Dr. Hudson. Mr. Thorn, can you describe some of the strategies that you have documented that countries use to obscure their WTO violations and their commitments under the WTO such as delinquent reporting, faulty methodology or other classifications from what is submitted? Can you talk to us, go into a little in depth, on the way they are hiding the ball from everybody?    Dr. Hudson. Yes, that is correct. The last indication I have had, there is no export tax on the biodiesel. And what an export tax does generally is it makes it more expensive for foreign people to buy that product outside of Argentina which lowers the price inside Argentina.    Dr. Hudson. And then it passes straight through in terms of biodiesel to whoever buys the biodiesel.    Dr. Hudson. Well, there are a number of policies that Brazil uses among others. I won't go into the details of those. They are available. But the notion is that they are export subsidies, either provided by payments directly to the person exporting or through another mechanism which moves product out into the world market. That is essentially, for all intents and purposes, the same thing as the Step 2 Program which was both a subsidy for exports and a subsidy for domestic use.    So the characteristics or the design of it might appear superficially different, but the operation of it is very much the same.    Dr. Hudson. As far as I know, no. No cases have been filed or complaints have been filed.    Dr. Hudson. I think that was actually my testimony.    Dr. Hudson. No, that is fine. Figure 4 in my testimony is based on total volume, not per unit. And so the Canadian and the OECD data on a per-unit basis is higher across the board than the United States. But in a total volume it is not.    So my figure is based on total volume, but you are absolutely right. On a per-unit basis, the OECD data is pretty clear that Canada has higher per-unit subsidies on the products covered.    Dr. Hudson. Yes.    Dr. Hudson. Thank you for the question. The first issue in that is that an assumption of an economic model. I am not sure that they are operating rationally. But China has recently changed. They were in a stockpiling scenario where they were purchasing domestic use or domestic-produced cotton at a high rate. They were also buying it off the world market at whatever the going rate was and then selling it off or auctioning it off to domestic users. It actually created an interesting distortion in the market from the standpoint that they were drawing cotton off. It was still selling at a very high price inside of China to domestic mills. So domestic mills actually quit spinning as much cotton and started buying spun yarn out of India into China to fulfill contractual needs.    So the way that they manipulated that price was through that border protection of restricting the amount of cotton allowed to come in at certain tariff levels. They have moved or stated that they are moving away from the official stock-piling policy and to this direct price support program. And the direct price support program will operate in a way that the stated reference price, depending on exchange rates, somewhere between $1.50 and $1.60 a pound. They just pay the difference between the market-landed prices at mills versus this reference price or this target price if you will. And they allow that cotton to flow into the mills at whatever the going market rate is.    So it is a throwback to the Target Price Deficiency Program we had years ago in the United States. So it is very different.    Dr. Hudson. Yes, in an indirect way. The state-owned mills are required to pay a certain rate. The privately owned mills buy out of the market, but they buy off of the government reserve which is auctioned off by the government. And so they determine those prices.    Dr. Hudson. I don't know the exact figure from this last year, but it is certainly less than five percent now, depending on what you measure and how you measure it. But it is very low on that spectrum. I believe that is Congressman Peterson's point with the Canadian OECD data was somewhere up around 12 percent, 12 or 14 percent. So the U.S. subsidy rates are actually much lower as a percentage of total value.    Dr. Hudson. Well, I will briefly do this and turn it over to the former trade negotiator, but that is a good question. I don't know that there is a very good leg for the Brazilians to stand on in that basis. And so their target at the United States would have to be aggregate measure of support violations, and we are not there.    The ability to tie the decoupled programs to any specific trade-distorting policies would be a much more difficult task.    Dr. Hudson. Yes, and I agree with that, and in a more general sense, currencies are a macro problem. And so I don't think governments necessarily manipulate currencies to have any effect on AMS support or anything like that. But it is a side-effect of what they do. But when they pursue particular policies in terms of the currency, it is usually basically to either enhance their export, the ability to export the product by devaluation if they are facing high inflation. But if you look at Brazil, for example, one of the reasons that their aggregate measure of support appears lower than it has in the past is the depreciation of the real. So it actually looks better for them than it probably is in effect in a nominal sense there.    So currencies definitely, to the extent that governments move around in currencies, they are certainly moving these markets around significantly.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. And in each of your opinions, where do you feel the court of decision needs to be? Do you feel that, in this currency manipulation, that the WTO is that entity with which to deal with this problem? It is clearly one that has severe repercussions for our producers, and I am wondering, do you feel that it is the WTO that is the entity with which to best solve this issue of currency manipulation?    Dr. Hudson. I would completely agree with that. That is a good statement.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. King, for 5 minutes.    Dr. Hudson. Overall, if you look at the way that subsidies operate, the end result is higher prices overall for everybody involved. But there is a demand adjustment, too, once prices happen. So it is very hard to predict where the subtle point would be, but certainly you would anticipate supply shocks to result at least in persistent long-term, higher prices, until demand adjusted to that.    Dr. Hudson. I think that depends on where in the world you are talking about but----    Dr. Hudson. No, in terms of the numbers that we are looking at, no. We have not included crop insurance. We have tried to document it where globally, those kinds of products are provided, but I don't calculate the aggregate measure of support. So that would be his field. So I do not include it, but I do try to document it where it exists.    Dr. Hudson. The comment is intended to sort of draw attention to the fact that a lot of countries will essentially think of food security as a matter of national security. So when you start to think of it in terms of national security, you start to justify a lot of things that you probably wouldn't do in an ordinary commercial transaction, trade restrictions, subsidies, that sort of thing.    And so my point was that if these countries are going to do that, it probably behooves us to look at the implications of their treatment of it as a security asset in the way that we handle it, whether it is in a dispute resolution process or the way we handle our own internal policy, that sort of thing. The statement is not really to advocate one particular direction or another. It is just that if we don't do that, we put our producers at a competitive disadvantage because they are facing those subsidies. They are going to do it for whatever reason they are going to do it, and we just have to address that in our own policy.    Dr. Hudson. Go ahead.    Dr. Hudson. Well, the danger in acting sort of unilaterally is that you potentially set up a situation where incentives are skewed to file cases when you don't have good cases, things like that.    There was a time, in the past perhaps, that the U.S. Administration was fairly aggressive about pursuing trade enforcement. That has lapsed quite a bit.    The difficulty in enforcement mechanisms in my mind to the WTO, as my colleague had mentioned a moment ago, was that the only mechanism or the hammer that we have is an import duty. But the difficulty with an import duty is it harms American consumers because they are now having to pay more for what we were buying previously.    So there is a real disincentive to try to do that, plus there are a number of aspects. Really, the course that we need to follow is more aggressive pursuit of enforcement of the rules that we have in place through the Executive Branch. We have good trade deals, but the process of enforcing them has fallen by the wayside.    Dr. Hudson. Well, okay. So I will begin by saying the Texas Tech is the university in Texas.    Dr. Hudson. Yes, go Raiders. No, so if I was to isolate a country or set of countries, I would define it as China, China, and China, and then throw in India and Brazil. China is so large relative to everybody else, both in just total production but also in total volume of subsidies that anything they do to distort the market, even marginally, has a large impact on global markets.    India and Brazil, Brazil being sort of a little more at the margin in terms of their subsidization overall. But, corn is definitely, as we illustrated in the testimony, both of us, at $10 per bushel in China, it is a huge distortionary impact on the market.    China is so pervasive in terms of both its use of subsidies and then its use of trade barriers to manipulate internal prices that it distorts markets terribly. And a previous question was interesting in the standpoint that they asked about corn and tariffs, and we talked about the tariff rate quota. But their GMO restrictions, their SPS restrictions, there is an interesting case here because they refuse to import some corn, and then imported sorghum which grain sorghum sold at a discount to corn for years, has always sold at a discount and now sells at a premium to corn because China has moved into that market and has bought everything off the market.    So there is a real question about the strategy that they are using there. But certainly I would say, if I was going to focus on a couple of things, China and India and cotton, corn or grains in general, rice and wheat. And then I would throw in Brazil as a fairly important player at the margin.    Dr. Hudson. The only thing I would add to that is going into any trade negotiation, being armed with the data that we are talking about here, to come back and say don't wait on the notification process. We can go ahead and calculate the best estimates of what these are because if we start back as if we haven't done anything since 2010, we are going to miss most of what these developing countries have done in terms of subsidization if we are going to pose disciplines in a multi-lateral setting.    Dr. Hudson. I will start that just by saying if you do look at a lot of the disciplines that are in place for a lot of the countries that we are talking about, they have zero limits. So they shouldn't technically have any of these subsidies to begin with. They agreed to that in the Uruguay Round. And so if we were enforcing it, we would see a much different marketplace in the world today than the fact that we are not.    Now that doesn't answer your second question which is should we go one step further? I do think there are some things that we can make progress on in terms of domestic subsidies and border policies that could greatly benefit American agriculture but also benefit global agriculture in reality. The first step is understanding what we are not getting out of the process that we already are engaged in before we spend too much time worrying about what the next process is going to look like.    Dr. Hudson. That is an excellent question. I think the short answer to it is governments will justify it as consumer preference, but it is really a non-tariff barrier masked as some sort of preference given or expressed by domestic consumers. As an economist, obviously, if people prefer something, they are going to buy it and they will pay more for it anyway. You don't need a government intervention to do that for you.    The answer to that question is it really hasn't impacted the planting decisions on U.S. producers, but European restrictions and other restrictions on genetically modified products has altered the adoption rates at which things have occurred around the world. So it has had an impact on production. It has had an impact on profitability and even incomes in especially developing countries.    Dr. Hudson. Well, we mentioned corn a moment ago, not necessarily a premium but the restrictions on, well, we are not going to import or we are not going to take this shipment because it tested positive for genetic modification. It has been a pretty heavy hammer that a lot of countries have used to regulate inflows of products.    Dr. Hudson. Yes, the only thing I would add is that the interesting thing about specialty crops in terms of the way markets function is they tend to be market window kinds of crops. There are bilateral flows. There are exports and imports coming. We export tomatoes, then import tomatoes. And it is based on a market window. So it is a much more difficult thing to administer. But a lot of people will sort of think that specialty crops aren't necessarily subsidized globally but they are. They tend to be subsidized in a different way, as you point out, either through trade restrictions like that or R&D input, subsidies on fertilizer, seeds, that sort of thing. It is an interesting high-value industry that really has a lot of impact on regions of the United States.    Dr. Hudson. I don't have a direct estimate sitting in front of me, but in terms of, for example, let's just use Chinese cotton. You know, 50 or 60 percent of the revenue that they derive in that--the people that receive that subsidy in Xinjiang which is about \2/3\ of the cotton production in China is not from the market. It is from a direct check from the government.    Dr. Hudson. Five, yes.    Dr. Hudson. No. We don't know yet exactly how that is going to play out, and we would suspect that the percentage of income is going to decline. But some of that has to do with prices as well. So, as prices get higher, the share gets smaller. But certainly it is not going to be ten percent if it goes up at all, but it is probably going to go down for the United States.    Dr. Hudson. Yes, say----    Dr. Hudson. On that one crop.    Dr. Hudson. Well, in ours what we do, we are not analyzing it. We are presenting any data that are available, and there are elements in the dairy programs where we have data on them.    Dr. Hudson. Well, I have not looked at the dairy-specific issues in Canada. Of course, Canada has a number of supply management that they have had in a number of crops that all operate very similarly. And so the level of support if you will for Canadian dairy is very high, and as my colleague alluded to a minute ago, that is likely to be an issue in the TPP negotiations as to how Canada is going to allow for market access inside of its supply management framework. Now, you may have some insight on that.    Dr. Hudson. And I would say that from a historical perspective if we look back at most of the major trade agreements we have been engaged in CAFTA and now TPP, a lot of dairy was a singular issue because most of these countries protect their dairy through trade restrictions. So historically speaking, this has been an issue, and it will continue to be an issue. But yes, it is going to have to be one addressed because Canada is part of that.    Dr. Hudson. Yes, he has a lot of inside experience coming from FAS. The only thing I would add as an outside observer is probably our trade negotiating apparatus, if you will, might be one of the best examples of inter-agency cooperation in the government. So there is a lot of cross-pollination of experts in different areas that they are called or borrowed to work on that process. So it does work fairly well.