    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman Hensarling, for your leadership and vision in establishing this task force, and thank you, Ranking Member Waters, Chairman Fitzpatrick, and Representative Lynch for your leadership. Also, I really would like to thank the witnesses for joining us today. This will be a very important and very meaningful hearing.    Understanding the link between terrorism and crime is a vital step towards understanding what efforts we can take to deter terrorism financing. How are terrorists coordinating with drug lords and for what benefits? How are they working with transnational criminals to move money through the financial system? How are they utilizing the same smuggling routes today that have been used for years in the past? And what means that have previously not been utilized, like cyber warfare, should we be preparing for today? And the bigger question, what are we going to do to stop it?    Knowing that we have ended the Threat Finance Cell, there are strong concerns that we don't have the capabilities and the intelligence necessary to be effective in our goals. I also have concerns about the current effectiveness of intergovernmental cooperation to undermine the flow of money to terrorists.    I look forward to hearing from the witnesses on these issues, and continuing the task force's effort to counter terrorist financing. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Asher, last March I asked Secretary Lew about the effectiveness of our intergovernmental communication and coordination as it relates to stopping the financing of terrorism, specifically, U.S. Customs and their full access of data with limited access by FinCEN.    Do you believe that we should be looking more seriously at better coordination, particularly as it relates to trade-based financing? Should we be looking at and targeting this type of better cooperation?    Mr. Pittenger. Yes, sir. You mentioned Section 311 and how effective that was with the Lebanese Canadian Bank. And of course we saw how important it was in the Bank of Macau as it related to North Korea and other instances.    Do you believe that this is a central focus we should have in terms of trying to force some of these institutions to not be able to exist utilizing 311? Do you think that there are other institutions out there that--clearly, we are in an unclassified briefing--should be a focus of our efforts?    Mr. Pittenger. Mr. Barrett, in your testimony you talked about smuggling and the link between terrorism and crime in some measure. Could you briefly compare ISIL oil smuggling and the smuggling used by Saddam Hussein to evade the Oil for Food Program?    My sense is that ISIL is using the same routes and mechanisms and perhaps the same people, but the United States. And our allies haven't succeeded in stopping this. Why haven't we been able to deal with this the second time around and what should we be doing to stop it?    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you very much.    Professor Realuyo, you mentioned the transport and the illicit sale of oil going out of Iran through Turkey.    Have we been effective at all in trying to minimize that? And what else could we be doing?    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you.    And correction: Iraq, that is through Turkey. Thank you.    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the courtesy.    And I appreciate the courtesy of each of you.    When there is a settlement with a bank related to their being complicit in money laundering, what happens with the proceeds of those settlement funds? Could those funds be used for counterterrorism efforts? And how could we designate that? Who would like to take that as an open question?    Mr. Pittenger. I agree. Resources are critical. And we are talking hundreds of millions and billions of dollars, and the allocation of those funds, it seems to me, would be very important in advancing our counterterrorism efforts.    Dr. Asher, did you want to make--    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you.    Any further comments?    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.