    Ms. CHU. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Just 6 years ago, our nation was in the early stages of recovery from one of the worst economic downturns in history. We lost 4 million jobs, 7 million people faced foreclosure, and families saw over $16 trillion in wealth disappear as the bottom fell out of the housing and stock markets. After taking extraordinary steps to stem the losses and stabilize the economy, Congress enacted the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010 to address the many loopholes that caused the collapse. The bill established strong new standards for the regulation of large, leveraged financial institutions and made the protection of consumers seeking mortgages and credit products a top priority.    Dodd-Frank was directed primarily at the largest financial services firms and significant efforts were made to ensure that any new regulatory burden on the small banking community was properly mitigated. For example, many of the Dodd-Frank Act provisions only apply to institutions with over $10 billion in assets, leaving 98 percent of all banks in the U.S. largely exempt. Additionally, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has gone to great lengths to balance the burden of new regulations on small banks with the ultimate goal of protecting consumers.    Initially, there was significant concern that regulatory burdens would have a negative effect on access to capital for small businesses, but fortunately, it appears to be having less impact than originally feared. According to the PayNet Small Business Lending Index, access to credit continues to improve for small businesses. In fact, lending is up 70 percent since Dodd-Frank's enactment. Similarly, the Wells Fargo Gallup Small Business Index poll indicates small business owner optimism is at its highest point since 2008. Furthermore, data from federal regulators also points to a healthy small business lending market. The Federal Reserve has found that lending standards for small firms have eased considerably since the recession while loan and lease balances at community banks have increased $21 billion in this past quarter alone. SBA lending, too, has come roaring back to surpass prerecession levels. In 2015, the Agency made 63,000 loans totaling $23.5 billion.    Although the small business lending environment appears to be robust, critics of the act continue to point to the decreasing number of small financial institutions as proof of burdensome regulation. However, it is important to remember that the decline in the number of community banks is not something that started happening after Dodd-Frank was implemented. The sector has actually been consolidating for the past 30 years.    Experts can disagree on the reasons for consolidation in the community bank sector but I think we can all agree that things are improving. Revenue is up, lending has increased, asset quality is steady, and credit worthiness of borrowers is on the rebound. As both lenders and borrowers, small businesses have much at stake when it comes to financial regulatory reform. The Dodd-Frank Act has the potential to make the entire system more stable and safer for small firms and the real economy to grow and create jobs. It is my hope that the testimony today will add important perspectives on the interaction between Dodd-Frank and Main Street, and I want to thank the witnesses for being here today.    Thank you. I yield back.    Ms. CHU. Yes, I am honored to introduce Mr. Marcus Stanley. Marcus Stanley is the Policy Director of Americans for Financial Reform, a coalition of more than 250 national, state, and local groups, who have come together to improve regulation of the financial sector. Members of AFR include consumer, labor, civil rights, investor, retiree, community, faith-based, and business groups, along with prominent, independent experts. Mr. Stanley has a Ph.D. in public policy from Harvard University, previously worked as an economic and policy advisor to Senator Barbara Boxer, as a senior economic economist at the U.S. Joint Economic Committee, and as an assistant professor of Economics at Case Western Reserve University.    Dr. Stanley, thank you for joining us today.    Ms. CHU. Thank you. Mr. Stanley, low income and minority neighborhoods were devastated by predatory mortgage lending in the years leading up to the housing crisis. Do you think these communities are better off today with the ability to repay in qualified mortgage rules that were enacted under Dodd-Frank?    Ms. CHU. While small financial institutions are particularly critical of these rules, how has the CFPB, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, specifically tailored the rules to account for the relationship banking model of small institutions?    Ms. CHU. Yes, Mr. Beverage?    Ms. CHU. Thank you. I do appreciate that greatly.    Dr. Stanley, the CFPB is required to carry out extensive analysis before issuing regulations that will impact smaller institutions. As you know, a number of changes were made to accommodate small, rural lenders under CFPB's mortgage rules. Do you think the small creditor exemption allows community banks to continue making the mortgages that are the best for the customers?    Ms. CHU. We have heard on many occasions that Dodd-Frank is the reason for many of the problems facing community banks. Can you explain how the Dodd-Frank Act can actually do the opposite and help level the playing field with their larger multinational competitors?    Ms. CHU. Can you elaborate on your testimony regarding the issue of the declining number of community banks and the role of the FDIC's s supervisorial practices?    Ms. CHU. Thank you. I yield back.