    Ms. Edwards. Thank you very much, Chairman Babin, and thank you for calling this hearing to examine the fiscal year 2017 budget request for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, NASA.    I'd like to start by joining you in welcoming our good friend and inspiring leader and exemplar of public service, Administrator General Charlie Bolden. Thank you, General Bolden, for your service to our nation. And we are very fortunate to have you at the helm of our nation's space agency for your consistency, your steadfastness.    Mr. Chairman, our space program is a shining example of what we can accomplish as a nation when we harness the talents of our workforce and the capabilities of our industry, academia, and international partners.    The fiscal year 2017 budget request for NASA is $19 billion, a 1.3 percent reduction from the enacted appropriation for fiscal year 2016. And I would like to say that I was very pleased with that enacted appropriation. And so while this proposal is a good starting point for the Administration for this morning's discussion, I hope that we can at least get to the $19.3 billion level that Congress appropriated for NASA in fiscal year 2016. It's a gentle dance that we do every year.    I'm pleased that the request proposes to revitalize our nation's aeronautics research activities with an exciting initiative to use ``X-planes'' to demonstrate technologies leading to cleaner, quieter, and more efficient aircraft. Demonstrating and applying advanced technologies is important to maintaining our competitive edge and sustaining the significant economic benefits that commercial aviation provides.    And I'm heartened that the request proposes increases above the levels provided in the fiscal year 2016 appropriations for the safety, security, and mission services account, which, among other things, provides the funding to operate NASA's field centers, including the Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland.    I'm also pleased that the request would sustain a robust science program composed of research and data analysis grants and small and medium and large missions, including development of high-priority missions such as the James Webb Space Telescope, the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope, the Europa Clipper, the Mars 2020 Rover, and the Solar Probe Plus missions. NASA's science programs are furthering our knowledge of our home planet and opening new windows into our universe. And if humanity is one day to extend its presence beyond Earth, we will need the scientific understanding to do just that. We'll also need to take a series of steps along a pathway involving technology development, demonstration of operational capabilities, and development and testing of exploration systems to make that move.    And while NASA has developed a ``Journey to Mars'' strategy that provides an initial outline of a pathway to Mars, we shouldn't have to say it again, but we need a baseline roadmap and structure to support such a multi-decadal endeavor, and we need that now. Such a roadmap would help put in sharp focus the impacts that the proposed reductions to the Space Launch System and the Orion crew vehicle, a combined 22 percent from the fiscal year 2016 enacted level, would have on making progress towards the humans-to-Mars goal.    Frankly, I'm a little bit puzzled by the deja vu we're experiencing with the proposed reductions to the SLS and Orion programs. I share that concern that the Chairman has expressed from the levels Congress appropriated just this past fiscal year in 2016.    Even more puzzling and somewhat concerning is a continued talk of targeting an internal date for the first crewed Orion and SLS flight and the EM-2 mission in 2021 when the resources being requested are actually geared to a 2023 date, and so that needs some explaining. The Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel raised caution about this kind of approach in its 2015 annual report when it said ``NASA has briefed the ASAP on measures... that appear to be making safety tradeoffs in order to maintain a 2021 EM-2 launch schedule.'' The ASAP went on to say ``while the desire to fly crew on Orion as soon as possible is understandable, NASA is building a long-term exploration program and adjustments to the near-term schedule or mission content that result in far safer systems can be an advantageous trade.''    Mr. Chairman, I know that you and I and many of our colleagues here this morning want to get to Mars sooner rather than later, but we must establish an enduring system that will get us there and back safely time and time again. To do so, we need to ask ourselves some important questions. Will Congress and NASA be able to establish the budgetary and programmatic discipline required to meet this goal? Will this committee and the Congress be true to providing the funding stability, sustainability, and constancy of purpose that we and others have said are critical for NASA as we prepare to transition to a new Administration less than a year from now? How will we navigate the bifurcated 2017 budget request, including both mandatory and discretionary funding, to provide the necessary stability?    And, Mr. Chairman, we owe our next generation a vibrant space agency, in partnership with industry, academia, and international partners, to continue its historic mission and to pursue the goal of one day sending humans to the surface of Mars. The future is now. The choice is ours, and it's up to us to ensure the future of our space program is a bright one.    I want to also acknowledge the presence here today of our future, Kendra Wood, who's an intern in my office and a graduate of the University of Maryland Eastern Shore. She is a superstar, and we owe it to her generation, also to our visitors from Spelman College, a senior at Spelman, Antonia Hill, who's visiting with us here today. And so let's keep these young people in mind as we talk about the future of space.    And I yield the balance of my time.    Ms. Edwards. He was like, easy.    Ms. Edwards. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I want to follow on this date of the internal 2021 date versus the external 2023, but I want to go to a different place. The Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel in its 2015 annual report said that ``NASA had briefed the ASAP on measures... that appear to be making safety tradeoffs in order to maintain a 2021 EM-2 launch schedule.'' And if ASAP thought it was important enough to raise, General Bolden, the question is whether there is pressure that's been either perceived or real with regard to safety tradeoffs.    And so I wonder if you've had an opportunity to talk to ASAP about this and what are you doing to ensure that the agency isn't making near-term trades in trying to meet a schedule that could wind up negatively affecting the safety needed throughout a long-term exploration program?    Hon. Bolden. Ms. Edwards, I talk to the ASAP all the time. I generally make the ASAP meetings when I travel to wherever they are, and Admiral Dyer and I have phone calls back and forth.    I would emphasize to everyone, though, as the ASAP states in their report, we have done an awful lot over the last 5, six years. When you look at SLS core stages in production at Michoud, we just had a big test firing, 500-second firing on the main engine down at Stennis. The well for the Orion crew module was completed, and it's been shipped to the cape so----    Ms. Edwards. Right. So those are the technologies.    Hon. Bolden. Those are our accomplishments.    Ms. Edwards. I'm talking about safety and the ASAP's----    Hon. Bolden. Yes.    Ms. Edwards. --concern with safety and whether this pressure to meet a 2023 external goal--2021 rather, whether that is too much to ensure the safety of the mission.    Hon. Bolden. No one puts more emphasis on safety than the Administrator, than I do, and I share the ASAP's concern that we not be blindly progressing toward a particular date, and that's the reason that we have emphasized to the Congress before that, as far as we are concerned, as far as the date that the agency is committed to, it's 2023.    You know, if we are able to--there are two things that the ASAP pointed out in the report that you cite, and I'll use the terms they use. They talked about sufficiency and timing when it comes to their concern about safety. Sufficiency is the level of funding we get. The most important thing is timing. When you get appropriations late each year, that means we're operating with less money than we need. We're holding on purchasing long lead items. We're holding on everything. It's disastrous to industry. They can't plan. So that's the concern that the ASAP has.    And I think--I hope the Congress doesn't miss their message. It's a message to all of us that it's not just important--it's not just important to have a certain amount of money, but you need to be able to have a program, a development program that can count on getting the money when you need it. We went through this with----    Ms. Edwards. Well, I----    Hon. Bolden. --commercial crew and----    Ms. Edwards. I mean, look, I share that concern, but let's remember that we also went through, for different reasons, the Columbia disaster or Challenger disaster where there were these pressures for time----    Hon. Bolden. Yes.    Ms. Edwards. --that ended up in what ultimately sacrificed safety and cost lives. And I just want to make sure that we are paying attention to those things here.    I want to go on to another--it would be great, I think, Mr. Chairman, if you were to hold a hearing at some point or other just examining this specific concern around safety that ASAP has raised and maybe we can get to the bottom of this.    I want to ask you about Earth science in my time remaining. Some people have criticized the level of funding that's been given to Earth science in the 2017 budget request. We heard that here today. And I think what's so often not understood is how NASA's Earth science missions and research affect the daily lives of Americans. And so I would like you to give us some concrete example of how Earth science missions and research have actually benefited the American people and our economy.    Hon. Bolden. I'll give you two, I think, really good examples. We have two missions. One is called SMAP, Soil Moisture Active Passive. The other one is called GRACE, and I don't remember what the acronym stands for, but it looks at changes in Earth's gravity, and it can therefore tell us what's in a water reservoir under the surface of Earth. Those two missions have been used to help us with water issues out on the West Coast, as well as around the world. So they have both economic and strategic value.    We look at a program called SERVIR that Earth science supports where we provide 30 years of archived Earth science data and real-time data from our Earth science satellites around the world to help farmers in crop planting, water resources management, disaster relief. An earthquake occurs somewhere and an Earth science satellite is put, you know, at work right away to try to help the disaster managers determine what to do. So those are just a couple of examples of what is done.    Today, for example, in Texas and Louisiana we probably have a UAVSAR mission. It's an airborne mission, not a satellite, airborne mission out of Armstrong with a synthetic aperture radar----    Ms. Edwards. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Edwards. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And just a really quick question. We spent some time over the last several Congresses really going to bat for the education budget within NASA. Across the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, we felt very, very strongly about keeping those within NASA. I noticed that this year's budget request is--one, it's $5 million less than what was enacted in 2016, which is problematic. And what I really notice is that the Minority University Research Education project is down $2 million. I see a plus up in STEM education and then a significant decrease in the Space Grants.    And I want to speak to the Minority University Research Education because I have been really privileged to see some of the fruits of this labor at Morgan State University, which is conducting some joint research with NASA. I think it is a great way to get this next generation to find these engineers and researchers who are out there who are minorities, women, other underserved communities.    And so this university research education project plays a tremendous role with Historically Black Colleges and Universities and underserved--and minority populations and with getting women also engaged in the STEM fields. And so I'm concerned about the decreases. I think this is where the next generation is going to come from. And I'll just let you comment on that.    Hon. Bolden. I share your concern, Congresswoman Edwards. Every year, you know, I have to sign a report on funding for HBCUs. And it's either the same or a little bit less, and so that is troubling, but when we look at funds that are available--so what we've tried to do is we've tried to let some innovative ways to ensure that we can make HBCUs and minority-serving institutions more competitive. One of the ways is in small business. So whereas most HBCUs and minority-serving institutions today look for grants, we are trying to team them with larger research institutions so that they can learn how to go after contracts so that they can enter into contracts with--to allow their professors to actually do like--Congressman Perlmutter knows this. The University of Colorado Boulder, MAVEN--MAVEN is the University of Colorado Boulder. That was the--that's the principal investigator is a professor--this is a Mars--a critical Mars satellite.    We ought to be able to get HBCUs and minority-serving institutions to learn from Colorado Boulder so that they can compete for contracts so that the students who want to be engineers can actually build satellites. We're starting little. We're starting with SmallSats or CubeSats. And so while it's not for MUREP or other kinds of programs, we're finding alternative ways to get money to minority campuses. We're not there yet, but we're trying to do that.    We call it Mentor-Protege where a large college takes a small HBCU and tries to bring them along. Alabama Huntsville, Morgan State, Hampton, they're unusual. They know how to--you know, they have contract offices. Most HBCUs don't even have a clue, and that's not--that is not a slight on the HBCU. It's just that they've never known that that's available to them also. And so we've got to spend time doing it. I share your concern.