    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Grim, thank you for being here this morning. Labor Secretary Perez testified that the Department of Labor has coordinated with the SEC in the development of their proposed fiduciary standard. What coordination have you had with the Department of Labor?    Mr. Grim. SEC staff in my Division and in other places in the building have provided our technical expertise to our colleagues at the Labor Department about the potential impact of certain choices that they are making or may make in their rule proposal.    Mr. Neugebauer. That leads me to my next question, then. What kind of analysis has your Division done of the impact it would have on investment advisers who have registered with the     Mr. Grim. Chair White has directed the staff, including my staff, to develop a recommendation at the SEC for the SEC's version of the uniform fiduciary duty that would apply to investment advisers and broker-dealers. As part of developing that recommendation, our staff has done extensive analysis around a number of impact questions. Going all the way back to following Dodd-Frank, the SEC staff did a study about the possibility of recommending a uniform fiduciary duty for investment advisers and broker-dealers. We got lots of comments on that study that we considered.    Subsequent to that, we did a request for information, for further information, and got lots of comments on that. So I think it is fair to say that SEC staff has been studying this issue extensively.    Mr. Neugebauer. So you have done an analysis?    Mr. Grim. We are doing it right now. The Chair has asked us for a recommendation as part of our recommendation to her. But this is on the SEC. So I think maybe your question was about     Mr. Neugebauer. I want to make sure I understand. So you are doing the analysis and getting ready to make the recommendation? Or you have done the analysis and you are now prepared to do the recommendation?    Mr. Grim. We are doing the analysis as part of developing a recommendation for the Commission.    Mr. Neugebauer. I personally, and maybe other members of the committee, would like to see that analysis when it is complete because I think the impact it is going to have is going to be an important part of that. Obviously, we are going to want to see your recommendation as well, because this is an issue that has a huge impact, obviously, on investors and the industry as a whole.    Are you concerned that the investment advisers are subject to two different fiduciary standards based on the products that they recommend, retirement or not? Is that confusing? And is that productive?    Mr. Grim. The way the law works right now--obviously, I am not an expert on the Employee Retirement Security Act( ERISA)--as I understand it, is that certain investment advisers who have ERISA clients are subject to ERISA standards and SEC standards for those clients and they are subject to SEC standards for other types of clients.    With respect to, obviously, DOL, as you have referenced, has a proposal out that would add--not add--DOL's--this is where I am getting a little bit out of my area of expertise obviously--DOL's thing has a proposal around how its standard would work for broker, for example, for broker IRA advice and they are developing that.    As I mentioned at the beginning, we are providing our technical expertise about impacts of those choices. But, ultimately, it is up to DOL. That is a DOL mandate, a DOL statute, ERISA is a separate statute, and it is going to be up to them what they decide to do.    Mr. Neugebauer. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.