    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your comments, as well as for holding today's hearing.    I would like to also welcome Director Rasmussen for his first appearance before this committee as the director of the National Counterterrorism Center. As well, I would also thank the rest of the panel for testifying about the Federal Government's effort to identify and deter foreign fighters and the Government's efforts to counter violent extremism.    I would like to express my condolences at the beginning to the family of the 26-year-old Kayla Mueller, an American aid worker who was taken hostage by the Islamic State of Iraq. U.S. officials have confirmed she was killed by the terrorist group. Mr. Chairman, Ms. Mueller's death and other recent terrorist attacks across the world over the past few months have magnified the nature of the evolving threat from the terrorist groups and state actors. The heinous actions by ISIL, including the beheading of a Japanese journalist and the terrorist group's burning of a Jordanian pilot further illustrates the abhorrent nature of this terrorist group.    Last month, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff indicated that the radical ideology of ISIL is causing other terrorist groups to rebrand themselves and emulate ISIL.    Top U.S. officials have made public statements that foreign fighters linked to ISIL may pose a direct threat to this country. Moreover, those inspired by the ideology of ISIL, al-Qaeda, and other groups are of concern.    As we look to these threats, we cannot take a myopic view. Each attack from terrorist groups have reemphasized the global reach of terrorist activity. For instance, there was a crippling cyber attack in November on Sony Pictures Entertainment Network. In December, in Sydney, Australia, we witnessed a terrorist attack on a cafe, where at the end of a 16-hour stand-off, two innocent people lay dead.    Then in January in Paris, there was a series of execution-style murders of 12 members Charlie Hebdo's creative team. Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has taken credit for this attack.    This serves as a reminder that the terrorist threats we face are evolving quickly. This committee's responsibility is to hold hearings and receive Classified information that lets us know the nature of the threats and how the Federal Government is dealing with the threat.    In spite of this, Mr. Chairman, the Republican majority continues to play political games with funding the Department of Homeland Security. Mr. Chairman, I, too, feel that it is meaningless to have a strategy if the ends are not paired with the means to achieve them. It is my hope that you will make the point to your colleagues and leadership who are holding the funding for a key agency and the Federal Government that Americans look to to detect, deter, and respond to a terrorist hostage situation.    Unfortunately, the Department of Homeland Security is operating under the threat of a shutdown, and it is only funded by a continuing resolution for the next 17 days. It is important that my Republican colleagues act responsibly, stop playing politics, and pass a clean DHS funding bill. Without a fully-funded Department of Homeland Security, some of our key methods of identifying terrorists and preventing terrorist travel will be at risk.    Are we really ready to stand before the American people, those who trust and value that we recognize their needs, and declare for the sake of partisanship we are going to make our Nation more vulnerable by not funding DHS?    Mr. Chairman, I hope not. We have significant challenges before us. You have outlined in your testimony those challenges, but if we don't have a fully-funded Department, one that can't operate on continuing resolution, we put this country, its people, at risk. So whatever it takes for us to deal with this threat, first of all, we have a Department that has the resources to address the threat.    So I look forward to the testimony of our witnesses. But I also look forward to an effort where we can get the Department of Homeland Security treated like every other department of Government, having a budget that carries us until the end of the fiscal year.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Following on the Chairman's questioning, is it our procedure for anyone coming to this country that we provide a thorough vetting of that individual, or those individuals, before they are allowed to come?    Mr. Thompson. Is that your understanding, Mr. Rasmussen?    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Steinbach.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you.    This is to General Taylor and to you, Director Steinbach. The Business Executives for National Security recently released a report finding that U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies are currently operating without an enterprise-wide concept at the Federal level. This inhibits the Federal Government's ability to conduct domestic intelligence activities in support of counterterrorism. This is a concern given the fact that there could be potential home-grown violent extremists here in the United States.    Do you agree with that assumption?    Mr. Thompson. Director Steinbach.    That BENS strategy piece is outdated. It was a good attempt, but they looked at information that was 4 or 5 years old, so no, I don't agree. Updated information, had they looked at what is going on now, they would have likely come to a different conclusion.    Mr. Thompson. Have you shared that with the business executives?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you.    General Taylor, you have outlined in quite detail what the impact of not being funded after February 27 would be. We are talking about the threat to foreign fighters and home-grown terror.    Can you, in short order, indicate to this committee what kinds of impact without money the Department would be faced?    Mr. Thompson. One of the things that a lot of us are confronted with as well as our constituents, is we all have Federal buildings in our communities. After the situation in Paris, the Secretary ordered an enhanced effort at those Federally-protected facilities. Would the lack of money for the Department create a security risk at some of those buildings?    Mr. Thompson. Please, I think we need to hear since we have quite a few of those facilities.    Mr. Thompson. I yield back.