    Mr. Hartnett. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman and Members. Good morning. Thank you for your attention to this issue and for inviting us to share a local perspective.    I am Jim Hartnett, the executive director of the Caltrain commuter rail system and the CEO of the San Mateo County Transit District. I am also a past member of the California High-Speed Rail Authority Board of Directors and a former mayor of Redwood City.    When voters approved Prop. 1A in 2008, it wasn't just about connecting the State with high-speed rail. It was also about improving transportation connectivity on existing systems. The measure included significant resources dedicated to upgrading local transportation services to feed the statewide network and to improve mobility options for surrounding communities.    Large-scale, visionary projects like high-speed rail can and should be planned and delivered in a way that prioritizes investments in local improvements while also making incremental but significant progress toward the long-term vision.    During my time on the California High-Speed Rail Authority Board, I worked with my colleagues to ensure that this approach would be embraced. The product of those efforts was SB 1029, which appropriated funding for high-speed rail construction in the Central Valley, but also directed over $1 billion for local and regional improvements on the bookends in southern California and the bay area. In our case, this State funding is being used to leverage over $1 billion in local, regional, and Federal funds to upgrade the Caltrain corridor and allow us to deliver more service at a time when our communities need it the most.    Caltrain is struggling to accommodate unprecedented regional growth. Two thousand sixteen marked our sixth consecutive year of record-setting ridership. As Highway 101 and 280 have become more and more congested, employers have turned to Caltrain as the preferred commute option between San Francisco and Silicon Valley. As a result, our peak-hour service is well over 100 percent capacity, with ridership on some trains exceeding 125 percent of available seats.    The Caltrain corridor is arguably the most economically productive area in the State. The communities served by our 51-mile railroad are responsible for 14 percent of the State's GDP, 20 percent of California tax revenue, and are the birthplace of over one-half of California patents.    However, the region cannot continue to thrive without equipping the 150-year-old rail corridor with a modernized transit system capable of accommodating current and future ridership demand.    Fortunately, with local, State and Federal help, Caltrain has been able to advance the Caltrain Modernization Program. The centerpiece of this program is the transformation of the corridor from its diesel fleet to a system that features high-performance electric trains capable of delivering cleaner, faster, and more frequent service to peninsula communities.    When complete, electrification of Caltrain will be able to serve more riders at more stations. As a result, 619,000 vehicle miles traveled will be eliminated every day and the system's emissions will be reduced by 97 percent, eliminating over 176,000 tons of CO2 annually.    Caltrain and the California High-Speed Rail Authority have worked with several local, regional and Federal partners to secure funding for the Caltrain Modernization Program as an early investment in the high-speed rail system. Six bay area funding partners have agreed to commit significant local funds in order to leverage over $700 million in high-speed rail and State funding, and these investments have positioned the project to receive almost $650 million in Federal Transit Administration discretionary grant funds.    Thanks to these commitments, Caltrain was able to authorize contractors to begin design work on the project. The next steps will be construction of the project and the procurement of electric trains, work that will create over $2.5 billion in economic value, including almost 10,000 new jobs during construction.    Meanwhile, we are also collaborating with the California High-Speed Rail Authority as it begins the environmental process for additional improvements that will be needed to equip the corridor to accommodate high-speed rail service. When high-speed rail is extended north of San Jose, Caltrain and the California High-Speed Rail Authority will share the corridor and operate on a blended system to San Francisco. The planning and design of these improvements will be carefully considered to ensure that impacts on surrounding neighborhoods are minimized and benefits are realized.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Hartnett. I do not. We currently serve over 65,000 riders a day. Our safety record is good. The pedestrian safety issues are primarily with respect to trespassers on our line, and a number of the trespassers are intentionally there. That does create safety concerns, but we do work well to address that.    Mr. Hartnett. It does not in the sense that--fortunately, it is not a third rail. You can walk on them. You can be on the tracks and not be subject to electrification. It is overhead wiring, which has a tremendous safety record. I have had the privilege of living off and on in Japan for 8 years using their electrified services, and you can do it in a very safe manner with electrification itself, not enhancing any safety risks.    Mr. Hartnett. It won't be going at that rate of speed through the peninsula. So the speed is not going to affect the safety. The trains for us in particular are going to be quicker in the sense that, because they are electrified, they can slow down quicker and speed up quicker, which actually makes it safer overall in terms of our service, and I think in the blended service as well.    Mr. Hartnett. That would be a design question. I think Mr. Richard can respond to that.    Mr. Hartnett. It does not.    Mr. Hartnett. We are generally at 79 miles per hour.    Mr. Hartnett. We are not going to increase our speed with the Peninsula Corridor Electrification Project. We are going to increase our quickness. With the diesel fleet, it takes a very long time to slow down and stop at a station, and a very long time to get out of the station and move up. So while going at the same top speeds, we will be able to get into the stations quicker and get out of them quicker. So we will be able to, for example, a ride that would currently take an hour, San Francisco to San Jose, if we use the same stops, it could be 45 minutes instead of an hour. So we will have choices as to go quicker up and down the line or to stop at more stations, both of which will enhance our capacity. We have modeled increasing Caltrain's speed to 110 mph in a blended system, but the final decision on speed has not been made.    Mr. Hartnett. Together with fencing, there will be additional fencing that will help for those who have a spur of the moment desire, so the fencing will be just a natural barrier. I can't speak to the high-speed rail intrusion devices, but there is experimentation with a variety of methods to detect folks going on the tracks, including video feeds.    But in that area of youth suicide, we have worked very closely with the school districts and the communities on the broader issues, which we have to continue to do because the ultimate solution isn't going to come from fencing and devices.    Mr. Hartnett. So that is something we continue to work on.    Mr. Hartnett. That is correct.    Mr. Hartnett. Well, high-speed rail will determine the speed, but we have tested out in our conceptual analysis the blended system that they can operate at 110 mph----    Mr. Hartnett. Well, fencing doesn't go across the grade separations.    Mr. Hartnett. And it doesn't go across the at-grade crossings. We have gates, and there would be an opportunity to establish quad gates that will be down well before the----    Mr. Hartnett. It is not easy at all to go through the quad gates.    Mr. Hartnett. Correct.    Mr. Hartnett. The quad gates are set up to provide maximum security for----    Mr. Hartnett. Not just for automobiles and motorcycles; for pedestrians.    Mr. Hartnett. They will not be able to do so easily. Like with anything else, if a pedestrian wants to come off a platform or otherwise get onto the tracks, it will be possible to do.    Mr. Hartnett. They will be able to go faster than our trains, but we also have built into the blended system approach passing tracks. So certainly they are not stopping at all our stations. It is designated to be----    Mr. Hartnett. Actually, we don't foresee it as a problem. We have already studied it. There is further scheduling work that will be done. But with our ability to schedule down even without passing tracks, the blended system can be accommodated. There will be passing tracks, so that will enhance the ability----    Mr. Hartnett. I think the way the system is designed is to share our right-of-way and it is to be built substantially within the right-of-way. In order to increase the number of trains, there are passing track opportunities. While passing tracks can be built, it enables us to share the remainder of the track more efficiently because of the passing track. So I think that is an integral element of the future.