    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Ms. Goldfuss, for being here. You have referenced a couple of times in your testimony about increased wildfires and climate change. Do you think there is anything else contributing to the increased wildfires that we are seeing today?    Mr. Westerman. Do you think there is anything other than climate change contributing to the increased wildfires that we see today? You have referenced that a couple of times.    Mr. Westerman. And what would those be?    Mr. Westerman. Yes, lightning strikes is a cause, human activity is a cause. What about management of the forest? Can that contribute to wildfires?    Mr. Westerman. In what ways?    Mr. Westerman. Right.    Mr. Westerman. How about their lack of management approaches? Do you think there is any correlation between wildfires on managed land and public land that is not managed?    Mr. Westerman. And what areas would those be?    Mr. Westerman. So the managed lands have less fire, they are more resilient to fire than the unmanaged lands?    Mr. Westerman. What is your training? What is your background?    Mr. Westerman. Right.    Mr. Westerman. And what is your educational background?    Mr. Westerman. So you studied political science, which really is not a science at all, but you are making scientific judgments on what causes wildfires. You come in and say that it is climate change that causes it, that you don't really understand about forest management, and the Administration has pushed back on forest management. The fact that we have seen wildfires increase as management goes down, that is a pretty good scientific indicator that management and controlling wildfires is important.    When you talk about the impact of this guidance--and I am concerned about what it will have on a project that may have, prior to this guidance, simply conducted an environmental assessment and then issued a finding of no significant impact. Is the draft guidance intended to be used for environmental assessments?    Mr. Westerman. Is it possible that a project, pre-final guidance, would have had no significant impact on the environment, but now, due to the final guidance, it would be forced to conduct an EIS or implement mitigation measures?    Mr. Westerman. So, if a project has a relatively small amount of emissions, say 25,000 tons, and let's say the project has no other significant impacts, so the finding of no significant impact, could a judge place an injunction on the project until they mitigated their emissions, saying that they should have conducted an environmental impact statement?    Mr. Westerman. Well, it is just in general what could happen with this guidance.    Mr. Westerman. So what happens now?    Mr. Westerman. So what is the difference between 10,000 tons and 100,000 tons or 500,000 tons in the context of global emissions? Is there any difference?    Mr. Westerman. What about the 100 million tons of carbon that went up in forest fires last year because we failed to manage our forest? Does that contribute to climate change?