    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Chairman, for holding this. And thank each of you for being here and your testimony of what you do. I think about it, with all the stress of military life, grocery shopping should not be one of them. And thanks to all of you, it hasn't been, and I think that is very important to keep in mind.    I think you started to hit on that, Ms. Goldberg is hitting on it, of all the things involved in it, that there is a strong psychological benefit here, and I think we need to again, I don't say that justify wastefulness where we can find efficiencies; I say it because it is a reality of military life. So I appreciate that. And I think it is probably because of the due diligence of the chairman and the ranking member of thinking about this.    And I don't know if this means anything or not, but since I have been on this committee, I have had more opportunity to look for cost savings in the commissary than the F-35, and that is somewhat--it is a little chip on my shoulder about that. If we are looking for cost savings, there is other places, but I do think it is right to look at these things and ask. And I think you are asking all the right questions with----    Ms. Goldberg, how would you--and I know maybe you can't quantify it. How high would you say, because I am thinking about this, how do we explain to the civilian sector how important the commissary is? How high do your members place the commissary benefit?    Mr. Walz. I find myself talking to civilian people not quite understanding what our obsession is with the grocery store, but it is real, and especially--and I ask you this: are we getting into the wrong territory here if we separate CONUS with OCONUS on the benefit of it, because I think that psychological effect is even stronger overseas? And I am asking, is there things we can do here because of the availability of private sector, or is that the wrong way to go about it?    Mr. Walz. Yeah it does matter. And I think all of you are hitting on something. Again, it is not stuck in that not afraid of change type of issue, but I still am not sure, and I think each of you hit on this, the unintended consequences of a change like this have not been studied, and I think there is a willingness to put it into a ledger sheet and a business model and say this is how it is going to turn out, and I worry about that, because, again, as I said, of all those stresses of military life, consistency on certain things is absolutely critical for those families.    And I would come back to that hit on the employment piece and maybe--I am not sure if this is the right group to talk to on this, the MWR funds and all that, this piece gets left out of that too, and as a senior enlisted soldier, how critical that is on where that--that is going to have be made up somewhere, and I am really not interested in watching our soldier's family do bake sales to fund, you know, ski rentals or whatever it might be. So I do think--and I ask my colleagues to take that into consideration, maybe asking the industry folks to do a little bit better about that. With those BCG recommendations, how does it affect your business model? I mean, can you summarize? What is going to change, the top line things that will change?    Mr. Walz. Don't you think it is interesting the first thing you come to, and it is very obvious in this industry, these are the things you hit on directly as the major influence, and yet that industry wasn't consulted as part of the discussion. Doesn't that seem like a glaring hole? I know you mentioned it, but I am fascinated, because I kind of anticipated this was going to be your answer. The biggest thing that is going to change, that part wasn't taken in.    Mr. Walz. All right. I yield back.