    Dr. Bell. Thank you very much. And good morning to the House Agriculture Committee. It is my great pleasure to have another opportunity to speak before this august group.    First, I want to thank the Chairman for his support and for providing this opportunity for us to speak before the Committee. And I also want to thank Congressman Scott for his diligence and his undying support, and those who are also cosponsors of this bill. We are very encouraged by your support and we appreciate the opportunity to speak before you this morning.    As was said, my name is Dr. Juliette Bell. I am the President of the University of Maryland Eastern Shore, and the immediate past Chair of the Council of 1890 Universities, and of the USDA/1890 Task Force established by the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture.    My purpose here this morning is to really speak to you about the importance of providing scholarship support that will help our students to achieve their dreams of careers in the agriculture fields.    Let me start by saying, I grew up on a farm in Alabama. I picked cotton and corn and all other kinds of things. And one of my greatest ambitions was to get off the farm, and I was able to do that as a result of being a first-generation college student with support through scholarship. I find it in some ways ironic and in some ways divine providence that I am now leading a school that is a land-grant agriculture-based institution, because many of my students have similar backgrounds to myself. They are first generation, economically disadvantaged students.    The advantage that I see for my current students is that the agricultural field has evolved greatly, and there are many opportunities for our students to explore the use of technology and to learn what modern agriculture really is all about. We want to be able to increasingly provide that opportunity to more students of African American descent and help them to be a part of the American Dream.    As I mentioned, we serve a very diverse student population. Many of my students, about 50 percent are first-generation college students; and about 70 percent of my students are Pell-eligible, meaning they are also economically disadvantaged. And, on top of that, about 90 percent of my students depend on some form of financial aid.    When students in that situation are faced with whether they can afford to come back to school, whether they are academically prepared or not, oftentimes they are forced to withdraw and as a result of that withdrawal, they lose the opportunity to achieve their dreams. This bill will provide the university, in particular my university, and the other 18 1890 institutions an opportunity to provide some financial support to those students who are academically well-prepared, but just not economically prepared to sustain their educational experience.    We know that the workforce is underrepresented in terms of African Americans in agriculture. We also know that the workforce is graying, especially in agriculture. I believe I heard that the average age for farmers now is 60+ years, and among African Americans that number is proposed to be much higher. We also know that it is important that students know that agriculture is a career that they can pursue and that there are jobs.    A report that I cited in my testimony indicates that ten percent of the economy is driven by agriculture, but the number of jobs that are being filled is much less, and the diversity of those jobs is even less.    So this bill will provide our universities, which are often not able through endowments and private funding, to be able to provide that level of support to these very deserving students, not just to help them get a degree, but to address the workforce needs and the economic development of our regions, and of our country.    So, again, I ask for your support. I thank you for this opportunity, and I will be happy to answer any questions.    Dr. Bell. Thank you very much for that question. The University of Maryland Eastern Shore works very closely with the University of Maryland College Park, which is an 1862 land-grant for the State of Maryland. In particular, we work closely in our extension programs. Our extension programs operate jointly. And so there are many opportunities for our students who participate in the agriculture programs to be involved and engage with students from College Park.    We also have joint degree programs, and especially at the master's and doctoral levels. One in particular is our Marine, Estuarine and Environmental Science Program, which is a joint program between University of Maryland Eastern Shore, College Park, and several other institutions. And through that program, students take joint courses. They have joint research projects and so forth. There is good collaboration between the institutions.    The Chairman. Dr. Jones, how about in Georgia?    Dr. Bell. Thank you, Congressman Scott. I would like to start in addressing that the University of Maryland Eastern Shore sits on the lower Eastern Shore of Maryland in Somerset County, which is the poorest county in the State of Maryland. We draw a large percentage of our students also from Prince George's County, which is the inner city of Baltimore, and so a higher education is a transformative thing for many of our students. Having the opportunity to pursue a course of study that will lead to a lucrative career where there are jobs available is going to transform not only the immediate person that the scholarship will address, but it will also transform that family as well as that community.    So we see this opportunity, as I have indicated from my own situation, as transformative. Getting an education that opens up doors of opportunity certainly not only impacts the immediate recipient but everybody that that person touches. And so we are very excited about the opportunities that this type of award will provide for our students and the communities we serve.    Dr. Bell. Thank you, Congressman, for that question. Let me say that, as I indicated before, our institutions, the 1890s, and mine in particular, are diverse institutions. My institution, in particular, consists of about \2/3\ African American students, about 13 percent White students, and about 20 percent of students who either classify themselves as multiracial, or of other race, including Hispanic.    Dr. Bell. The total scholarship package that we offer to students, including those resources provided through this bill, would provide opportunities for not only the African American students, but other students as well. We see this as an opportunity to leverage our support from the Agriculture Department and for our students.    Dr. Bell. I will start in trying to address that question. I think that, clearly, we believe that diversity is important from every aspect and every discipline. In particular, many of the communities that suffer the most in terms of food deserts and issues related to the production of food, fiber, and fuel are minority communities. And we believe that diversifying the workforce, including more ethnically diverse members in this community who are working toward solutions, will bring different perspectives to solving these major issues that confront us today.    Dr. Bell. That is still a major issue of concern to the 1890 universities.    Dr. Bell. As you have stated it, we are interested in creating opportunities for students who are particularly interested in the agricultural professions, so careers in agriculture, to be able to qualify for the scholarships so that they can complete their education. We are looking at these scholarships as an opportunity to augment what we currently do in terms of supporting students who have need. I think that having financial need is one of the factors that we would look to as well.    One of the issues that we are looking to deal with and as HBCUs and 1890 universities, one of our goals is to provide a diverse workforce for the agricultural community. There is a strong need for that among agribusinesses, and I serve on a roundtable ag diversity and inclusion roundtable made up of businesspeople in some of the major industry areas who are interested in trying to find a diverse workforce for their industry.    And we are one of the top producers or the top sector in producing students of color for this industry. We see it as an opportunity to----    Dr. Bell. I am sorry?    Dr. Bell. I am not equipped to clarify that further than what I have already stated, but we certainly can----    Dr. Bell. Anybody else have a comment?    Dr. Bell. Primarily it is financial. And our numbers are about the same, about 30 percent. Some of the students do stop out versus drop out, but a large percentage of them, once they leave, they don't make it back.    Dr. Bell. We try to keep them from stopping out.    Dr. Bell. Well, I think that there is continuing need to enhance the competitiveness of our institutions. A number of us have very strong research programs, but we have a deteriorating infrastructure. And so in order to be very competitive for those research funds, we have to have the facilities and the infrastructure to support them.    Dr. Bell. Investing more in infrastructure, equipment, those kinds of things that support the research enterprise. At the University of Maryland Eastern Shore, we were just this past year, as a result of primarily USDA research support funding, able to be advanced in our Carnegie classification from a comprehensive to a doctoral research university. And so we are looking to build on that by being more competitive for Federal funds, especially those that come through the USDA.    Dr. Bell. Maybe one of our research directors can answer that question.    Dr. Bell. May I just add that one of the things that our agriculture students engage in is a program called MANRRS, which is Minorities in Agriculture, Natural Resources and Related Sciences. We have started a junior MANRRS program at our institution that brought in about 150 middle school students to participate and to learn more about the agricultural profession, to work on our farm with our students. And so that has been very successful in piquing the interest of students in the agriculture profession. I believe that that is one way to address building that pipeline that we so desperately need.    Dr. Bell. Yes.