    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to respond to Mr. Capuano's references earlier. He was lauding the merits of the Dodd-Frank Act and attributes of it and what it had done on behalf of our economy and our housing market.    I am from Charlotte. Charlotte is one of the better economic regions of the country. According to a Metro Study, which is a nationwide data company, in 2006 we had 24,415 housing starts. In 2014, we had 9,238 housing starts.    We are up 40 percent from where we were. And I think stats are relative. You can convey a stat in whatever way that you want to make them sound good, and I would compliment Representative Cleaver that we need the facts and those are the facts.    So while I always appreciate the enthusiasm of Mr. Capuano, I think we need to be clear that we have not seen the return in the market, in the housing market which my former company was involved in for 25 years in, throughout the country.    Access to capital is critical, and it is not there. The impediments in getting that capital are clear. These developers had to go outside. They had to go private equity and other firms that are much more costly.    So for clarification, I felt that was prudent.    Dr. Calabria, as you know, the insurance companies are under extensive supervision by the States. State laws or regulations are designed to do three things: stop serious financial distress in an insurance company from ever developing; redress material financial distress when it occurs; and limit the scope and impact of a stress event by facilitating interstate coordination and remedial action.    Do you believe that there exist gaps and regulation of insurers than have made FSOC designation of insurers necessary?    Mr. Pittenger. Well, if no gaps exist, why do you believe FSOC has moved forward with the designation of insurers--    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you. Are you concerned that firm-specific non-bank designations of insurance companies could create competitive imbalances in the insurance market?    Mr. Pittenger. Professor Zywicki, do you have a comment on that?    Mr. Pittenger. Very good. Mr. Atkins?    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you. I yield back.