    Mr. Gowdy. Good morning. The Judiciary Committee will come to order. And the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Committee at any time.    We welcome everyone to this morning's hearing on Oversight of the Executive Office for Immigration Review. And uncharacteristically, I am not going to begin by recognizing myself for an opening statement. I am going to introduce our witness, and say welcome to him and ask if he would please rise so I can administer an oath. And then I would properly introduce you.    Do you swear the testimony you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    The record will reflect that the witness answered in the affirmative.    This morning's witness is Mr. Juan Osuna, who was appointed as the Director of the Executive Office of Immigration Review in May of 2011, served as acting director from December 2010 to May 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Osuna was at the Department of Justice as an associate deputy attorney general from May of 2009 until June of 2010. He was a deputy assistant attorney general in the Civil Division, Office of Immigration Litigation, from September of 2008 until May of 2009. He served as chairman of the Board of Immigration Appeals. He also served as acting chairman and acting vice chairman. He holds a bachelor of arts from George Washington University, a law degree from the Washington College of Law at American University, and a master of arts degree in law and international affairs from the American University School of International Service.    Mr. Osuna, we welcome you. Things will be a little bit different this morning, given the nature of the day. And I know that my colleagues on both sides want to be here and many of them will come, but they may come at unusual times. So we are going to recognize you for your opening statement first, and then the Members will do their opening statements, and then we'll go to questioning.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Texas yields back.    The Chair would now recognize the gentlelady from the great State of Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady's time is expired. She yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, the gentleman from Ohio--from Iowa. Excuse me.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Colorado.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Texas, you're recognized.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Texas yields back.    The Chair will now recognize the Ranking Member, gentlelady from California, Ms. Lofgren.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair will now recognize himself.    Director, I wanted to ask you about the inspector general for the Department of Justice, but my friend from Texas' line of questioning prompted me to want to go a little further there. I'm going way back in time to a period where I wasn't all that knowledgeable even back then.    So I'm less knowledgeable now. But if memory serves, the government and the defendant can consent to a bond. It doesn't necessarily have to be adjudicated by a judge, does it, or is immigration different?    Mr. Gowdy. Bond.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, you had a line of questions with the former U.S. Attorney in Texas about the 33 who were charged with homicide, I assume--well, homicide is not a charge in South Carolina--murder, some form of murder. I'm just wondering whether or not the government consented to bond in any of those cases, or whether or not you've had a chance to look at that?    Mr. Gowdy. All right. In the area of appeal, I think you mentioned the standard for continuance is good cause.    Mr. Gowdy. Can you cite me to any opinions of record where a judge was reversed for granting a continuance?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, good cause is probably hard to define, despite the efforts of courts to do so. What would be a reason not to grant a continuance?    Mr. Gowdy. Speaking of frequency, is the first continuance fairly much for free? I mean, do you get the first continuance just simply by asking for it?    Mr. Gowdy. All right. You mentioned the factors that the court considers in either detaining somebody or setting bond, flight risk and a danger to the community, which cause me to want to ask about folks who abscond. What percentage of folks fail to appear for their court date after a bond is set?    Mr. Gowdy. I'm with you, Director. I used to live it. But from where I sit, the number of folks who fail to appear would be a pretty serious issue. I'm assuming you don't try them in their absence?    Mr. Gowdy. You have to prove they got notice.    Mr. Gowdy. Okay.    Mr. Gowdy. All right. If somebody fails to appear, what is the mechanism by which you compel their appearance? Do judges issue bench warrants?    Mr. Gowdy. Of your backlog, what percentage would you say are folks who absconded or failed to appear after a bond was set and a trial date was set?    Mr. Gowdy. All right. Given your background and your expertise, what percentage of folks who abscond are tried in their absence?    Mr. Gowdy. Failure to appear are tried in their absence.    Mr. Gowdy. Yes.    Mr. Gowdy. What other tools do you have other than trying someone in their absence? If there's a failure to honor a court date, what other tools do you have? You don't have a bench warrant. There's no presumption that is lodged against that--there's no evidentiary presumption, I would assume. Can the judge consider the evidence of flight as some evidence of guilt or consciousness of wrongdoing if they don't show up?    Mr. Gowdy. Let me ask you one more question, and I'm going to let the Congresswoman follow up.    I assume DOJ inspector general is still Michael Horowitz?    Mr. Gowdy. I'll tell you, from where we sit, he is a pretty good balls-and-strikes caller. He's a fair guy. All my dealings with him, he's been kind of straight down the middle. So when I see that he has concluded that even as the number of judges increases, the disposition number of those judges decreases, that catches my attention. It makes me think maybe something else is going on, and it's not just more judges. I don't want to minimize--I mean, if that's the explanation, then that's the explanation. But when Mr. Horowitz says that may not be the full explanation, what else could be going on?    Mr. Gowdy. I recognize the gentlelady from California.    Mr. Gowdy. I thank the gentlelady.    I would recognize the gentleman from Texas for any concluding remarks he may or may not have. And he is indicating that he is done.    So this concludes today's hearing. I want to thank you for attending. I want to tell you, again, that the fact that folks may have been in and out or not able to come is no reflection of the seriousness with which they take this hearing. Fly-out days are always troublesome, but that's on us and not on you. You were here like you were supposed to be.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witness or additional written materials for the record. With that, we thank you for your testimony this morning and your willingness to answer our questions, and we will be adjourned.