    Mr. Flores. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the opportunity to have this important hearing today. Thank you for being here, Ms. McCabe.    States have to file, if they want an extension to produce plan, they've got to file before 2016. Correct?    Mr. Flores. OK. If the Texas legislature doesn't meet until 2017, how are they supposed to file a plan in 2016?    Mr. Flores. But the representatives of people really don't have any input into it, because the legislature doesn't meet. Did cap and trade pass Congress?    Mr. Flores. No, it didn't.    Mr. Flores. Well, I think, Mr. Griffith, if you look at pages 1174 and 1775 of the rulemaking, it's pretty clear that Mr. Griffith was right. He was on to something. EPA is going to have cap and trade in this, and we both know that that's the direction you're trying to go.    Let's talk about new natural gas EGUs for a minute. Do those improve the emissions profile of the country?    Mr. Flores. OK. Does EPA support the construction of new natural gas EGUs?    Mr. Flores. OK. On page 346 of the 111(d) rule, it says in the second full paragraph, the EPA says, ``Unlike emission reductions achieved through the use of any of the building blocks, emission reduction is achieved through the use of,'' and I'm going to put parenthetically here, ``natural gas combined cycle plants require the construction of additional CO<INF>2</INF> emitting generating capacity, a consequence that is inconsistent with the long-term need to continue reducing CO<INF>2</INF> emissions beyond the reduction that will be achieved by the rule.'' So, can you explain what that means?    Mr. Flores. So, does the EPA support or oppose the construction of natural gas EGUs?    Mr. Flores. OK, thank you. Because solar is not going to produce base load, wind is not going to produce base load power, but natural gas EGUs do produce base load power, as coal does, as nuclear, but you're not giving any credits for nuclear power.    This is going to be fully implemented by 2030 according to your present plan. What will the emissions reduction be across the Nation for CO<INF>2</INF> in the year 2050 versus today?    Mr. Flores. Yes, that would be good. I mean, you give us these metrics about 140,000 fewer lost school days, and a shorter allergy season. You know, it seems to me like you start with what's the sort of the headline number, we're going to have experts that said reduction. It seemed like that that would be a number that would be on top of your mind.    In order to get to this 2030 standard, how much of the technology exists today to get to that standard?    Mr. Flores. All of it, every bit of it.    Mr. Flores. OK. What's the mean cost per reduced ton of CO<INF>2</INF> emissions to get there?    Mr. Flores. That would be a really good number to have.    Mr. Flores. So, when we have--let's roll back out to 2050 again. So, what's the change in the mean temperature going to be around the world?    Mr. Flores. OK. And what's the change in sea levels going to be?    Mr. Flores. But we talk about school days, but the whole thing here--all the arguments I've heard, particularly from the other side of the aisle, about how this is going to make the world a better, happier place.    Mr. Flores. But you don't have the information we need, so I'd really like to know.    So the other thing that would be nice to know, what's the economic impact of reduced reliability? I mean, you've heard the States say that there's going to be reduced reliability. The only people in this room that say we're going to have improved reliability are the folks in the EPA.    Mr. Flores. Well, I can tell you in the winter of 2013, and this plan had been in effect in Texas where we had a record cold snap, there would have been a lot of school days missed because there was no power for schools because a big chunk of the coal-powered plants would have been offline because of this. And I'm at the end of my time, I yield back.