    Ms. Goodwin. Chairman Ratcliffe, Chairman Hurd, Ranking Member Richmond, Ranking Member Kelly, Chairman McCaul, Chairman Thompson, members of the subcommittees, my name is Cristin Flynn Goodwin. And I'm assistant general counsel for Cybersecurity at Microsoft. I advise a wide range of teams on cybersecurity legal issues, and I manage Microsoft's government Security Program working with governments around the world. Thank you for convening today's hearing and your bipartisan leadership to support our Nation's cybersecurity. Microsoft has a deep commitment to cybersecurity. And I'm happy to be here today to discuss our perspective of the Wassenaar Arrangement's controls on intrusion software agreed to at the December 2013 Plenary and the proposed U.S. implementation.    As detailed in my written testimony, Microsoft believes the Wassenaar Arrangement's approach to controlling intrusion software and the broad export licensing requirements proposed in the U.S. would undermine security research, incident response, cyber collaboration, and product innovation. We agree with your assessment, assessed in a bipartisan letter to Ambassador Rice last month, that without a significant overhaul, these broad licensing requirements could seriously hinder national security.    The intent of the drafters of these provisions was to prevent the export of surveillance software to criminal organizations or repressive regimes, which is admirable and important. Unfortunately, due to the very broad definition of intrusion software, extensive range of security technologies will now be subject to broad and burdensome licensing requirements in the U.S. If left unchanged, the proposed definition will have a chilling effect on the development of products and services and on the discovery of existing vulnerabilities. It will also significantly impact security incident response, and create new barriers for those seeking to secure themselves against increasingly persistent and sophisticated cyber threats. To demonstrate the impact, consider these three very common cybersecurity scenarios.    First, a large critical infrastructure provider based in Germany is concerned that there is an attacker present on its corporate network and stealing sensitive information. The company calls in an American security company to come to Germany to help investigate whether the attacker is still present, and to use tools to find out what the attacker might be trying to steal or access without tipping them off.    Second, a cybersecurity researcher with a small company in the United States finds a new piece of malware that hides itself on a user's machine, and then automatically deletes log files that indicate where an attacker is hiding on a machine. The researcher wants to share his analysis of the malware and collaborate with a software vendor in the U.S.    Third, an American software company is developing a new product for commercial sale. Its internal security team, with members in the U.S., Australia, and Japan, wants to develop a tool that will help them test the product's security measures before it is sold.    What do these scenarios have in common? Security response, collaboration, and product innovation stops until new export licenses can be processed, which can take weeks or even months. It also means that the attacker will be present for weeks on the German network. The malware identified by the researcher will continue affecting machines. And the software company will be delayed in its effort to develop a new product.    Clearly, none of this is in the best interest of American cybersecurity. The United States must lead the effort to re-set this flawed approach internationally. Security experts should not have to pick up the phone in the middle of the night to call in an export control adviser to determine whether they can share certain technical information about an ongoing attack or as part of their day-to-day work, wait to collaborate with internal or external colleagues on security priorities. In today's global security environment, the ability to collaborate with peers and colleagues should be the default, not the exception.    As both of your subcommittees know well, developing cybersecurity policy requires a deep understanding of the problem, broad input from experts, engagement with the executive branch and Congress, and a transparent process.    Regrettably, to the detriment of cybersecurity, the Wassenaar Arrangement definition of intrusion software does not reflect this type of inclusive process. It must be renegotiated.    In conclusion, Microsoft is a committed participant in the public-private partnership, and strongly encourages Congress and the executive branch to take the necessary steps internationally, and with our Wassenaar partners, to undo the overly broad and complicated export control requirements. Concurrently, the administration should suspend any related rulemaking efforts until a new agreement can be reached, making use of a robust, consultative process.    Ms. Goodwin. I commend you for examining this issue today, and thank you for the opportunity to testify. I look forward to answering your questions and working with you on this important issue. Thank you.    Ms. Goodwin. Thank you, Ranking Member Kelly. There are a number of things that we can point to in the public-private partnership space. The collaboration and coordination that the private sector and companies like Microsoft has with the Department of Homeland Security's Computer Emergence Response Team, U.S. CERT, its collaborative way in which it comes together to triage incidents that the security community's conferences and hacking competitions and prizes to find the best way to disassemble the vacuum cleaner and put it back together, this is a robust community where the ability to exchange information with the government and with other companies is absolutely essential to our ability to secure ourselves and our customers.    Imagine if Congress were to pass a bill without any constituent input, without any consultation with experts, and then once the bill had been signed into law, then to say, well, we'll work on the implementation after the fact. The reality is that we have a very robust public-private partnership that we'll have to leverage. In the event that additional export control ideas are floated in a community where the private sector may not play, we have to rely on our government partners to bring this to us and to triage them and to think about the implications and consequences before we take any position.    This--Mr. Wolf said that this was an issue of first instance in his testimony. We had not attempted to tackle cybersecurity quite like this in the export control space, so this is an opportunity for us to rethink the process so that the public-private partnership can be brought to bear in these types of questions, so that we don't have to, like you said, to regulate first and ask questions later.    Ms. Goodwin. That's a great question, Representative. Not only is it a challenge from a piracy standpoint, it's also a challenge from a legal standpoint. If you look at the implementation of the Wassenaar Arrangement thus far, I would point to the hacking team, which is a company that creates this type of intrusion software, and over in the gov--in Italy. And the Italian Government issued them a license to continue to sell this software.    And when the hacking team was actually hacked itself, and its email was disclosed around the world, it was found that this software, which had been licensed by the government in Italy under this regime had been sold to regimes like Ethiopia and Sudan.    And, so, part of the challenge in thinking about how do we apply export control in the space is what do we do when you have uneven, or different implementations that software actually can be licensed, and then sold and used in ways that are contrary to the original intent of the regulation? So it is extremely difficult to figure out how to solve a challenge like that.    Ms. Goodwin. There are criminal laws in place today that can be used to leverage to pursue those that are violating cybercrime laws. The European convention on cybercrime is a multilateral tool and instrument that we can use as well. And so what we can do is focus more on prosecution and looking at negative implications of how these tools are used. Yes, absolutely.    Ms. Goodwin. We certainly need to be exploring the questions in a public-private partnership. The challenge of how do you deter criminal behavior? How you deter the bad effects of using surveillance software against those that we're trying to protect here? How do you stop a criminal from committing a criminal act? That's a challenge. But the reality is that 80--81 percent of the security companies in the world are here in the United States.    So regardless of the effect that it's maybe having outside of the United States, it's going to have a larger effect inside the United States. So we have to think about where the right place to regulate is, the use of the software, the intent of the criminal.    Ms. Goodwin. Ms. Jackson Lee, we get over 1,000 vulnerability reports that come into Microsoft every year, and those need to be triaged. We need to work them with the finders from around the world and with our teams internally, and those internal teams sit all around the world. So we can be looking at 1,000 vulnerabilities times three, four, five export licenses just to triage vulnerabilities. That's not talking malware; that's not talking about new tools or new issues. That's just to be able to do our daily work.    And so that would, from what we understand, eclipse the total volume of licenses that the Department of Commerce grants.