    Mr. Payment. My name is Aaron Payment, and I am the chairperson of the Sault Ste. Marie Tribe of Chippewa Indians, the largest tribe east of the Mississippi. I want to thank you both for bringing this hearing to Sault Ste. Marie. I also want to recognize one of our council members who is a veteran who is with us here in the audience, Denny McKelvey, Vince McKelvey, who is our treasurer. He is very critical of the VA, and so I am here to represent some of those criticisms and some members that I saw yesterday that gave me some input.    While 1.4 percent of the U.S. population is American Indian, the military population that is represented from our people is 1.7 percent. So we represent more than our population in military service.    I commend the Department of Veterans Affairs' efforts to ensure that community-based outpatient clinics in rural areas are properly staffed and rural veterans are able to access care in the community where appropriate and necessary. However, additional changes are critically needed.    The current system creates multiple barriers to treatment for our Native veterans living in rural areas. In the Eastern Upper Peninsula of Michigan, my tribe has partnered with the American Legion to provide two additional service officers in Michigan's 1st Congressional District. This effort extends outreach activities to veterans who utilize our health facilities across the UP. We provide space and offset costs associated with additional service officers. Additionally, we are establishing baseline data collection aimed at more accurately reflecting the number of American Indian veterans across the UP.    In 2010, our health division worked with the Iron Mountain VA to establish an agreement with the tribe's optical department in Manistique. Under this agreement, the tribe is able to provide optical services to tribal and non-tribal veterans alike.    The Sioux Tribe has also established a VA workgroup to access additional services for our veterans; partnered with a veteran's service organization, again the American Legion, to provide benefits and service officers at tribal clinic sites to assist with issues and questions about navigating the VA bureaucracy; worked to identify tribal veterans as they visit our clinics in order to plan services for them; worked to incorporate both behavioral health and traditional medicine programs to develop veteran-specific services to include PTSD and emotional trauma; planned awareness outreach to get out the word on tribal and VA services including tribal elder meetings, the tribal newspaper, our website and video tag line information; and worked with the Iron Mountain VA to establish an MOA with the tribe for full reimbursement for providing clinical services to tribal veterans eligible for VA services.    Our recommendations.    Freedom of choice. Our veterans should be free to choose their care based on where they can secure the highest quality services. Veterans who choose to utilize tribal health centers and our providers as their primary care sites are not able to access their VA benefits. Currently, the VA Choice Card does not list tribal clinics as reimbursable entities for providing the care as a referral from the VA.    MOAs should be entered into immediately. We recommend that the tribal healthcare programs be reimbursed for both direct service and referred care when veterans find tribal health programs more accessible and more accommodating to their needs. I urge Congress to instruct the VA to set up a process that allows reimbursement for eligible services provided by tribes. We would love to be part of that solution, including our transportation.    My tribe has identified a lack of consistent and reliable transportation to access many services that directly impact quality of life, including health, education, and employment. Available transportation across the Upper Peninsula is only provided at night. You have to leave at 12:30 a.m. to get there at 8:00 a.m., and that is not very good for them having a clinic visit the next day.    We recommend that the VA reimburse tribal governments providing Native veterans transportation to primary and specialty clinics and follow-up care. Most American Indian veterans live in remote areas of the United States, and the cost of transportation to and from veterans' healthcare facilities causes substantial hardship on these veterans seeking care.    Throughout the history of the United States, Native Americans have fought greatly and sacrificed for this country. This proud tradition continues to this day with 24,000 active-duty American Indians. The 2010 U.S. Census identified at least 152,000 Native American men and women who have served this country in the Armed Forces. All veterans, including our Indian warriors, gave their best. Some gave all. In turn, they deserve our best, the best this country can offer.    Again, we stand ready to be part of the solution. Thank you.    Mr. Payment. Well, first let me say what the young lady said was very impactful even though it was few words, because that is another issue. The Choice Card alone doesn't get it done. You have to have doctors who are willing to see you. We do have doctors who will see Medicaid patients or welfare patients, and in this case it is kind of sickening to me that they wouldn't see a veteran who has the ability to pay for the care.    So we stand ready to be able to see veterans in our clinic, and we also pledge that--sometimes it is hard to get into our clinics too, but if we come to an agreement with an MOA, we would be willing to designate a physician that would primarily see veterans and then can do overflow for others.    Mr. Payment. I think we have. We do have it with dental. So we have seen that the model can work. I think the bureaucracy and the weight of the bureaucracy and the fear of dismantling the existing bureaucracy is probably a threat.    So I would say what Congress should do is you should direct them. You should give them a timeline, and we can work it out. I like the idea of 4 hours or 40 hours to iron it out. We have proven we can do it. We do it with our dental services right now. And we have clinics in Manistique, and I think they would probably be willing to extend their services as well.    So I think if you order it and you give them a timeline by which they have to do it, it will get done.    Mr. Payment. Yes, about a year-and-a-half.    Mr. Payment. We have a commitment to our veterans because it is a continuation of our rural society, and for a number of years we have been reaching out. We have our veterans wall over at our ceremonial grounds. But the challenge that we found out was we don't have any registry of who our veterans are. We don't have that as part of the membership. We have reached out through communications in our newspapers with them, but because of various reasons and because of different times when people have served, people aren't always willing to volunteer that information.    So now what we are doing is we have a dedicated person who works with our veterans. We are doing a little bit now. I think we should be doing a lot more. So we are identifying our veterans when they come in so we can record that so we can then try to bring access to them. We have done a census. Our last census we collected aggregated data without names. So we don't have the names of them, but we do have numbers of how many veterans that we have.    But we need to do more of that. We need to find a way to make them feel comfortable with identifying themselves as veterans. We have some veterans who are very good at that because they are trying to reach out and advocate for other veterans. But we do have some still who don't bring that to the forefront. So we need to do whatever we can to bring the services to them rather than wait for them to come to us, because already when they are rejected by either the VA or whatever services, that is just salt in the wound. So we need to find a different way to reach out to them.