    Mr. Shears. Thank you. Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, and members of the Subcommittee, thank you for your invitation to testify today. CDT has been deeply involved in the IANA functions transition process since the announcement by NTIA over a year ago. We recognized, as did NTIA, and numerous other stakeholders, that this transition of stewardship over the domain name system was not only important in its own right, but would have significant consequences for international Internet governance and the future of open participatory stakeholder driven governance processes.    I have had the pleasure of participating in the work of both the working group on the IANA transition of the domain names community, as well as the working group on enhancing ICANN's accountability. The IANA transition and ICANN accountability working groups are dealing with very complex challenges. Replacing the oversight role of NTIA is not a simple matter, nor is changing the governance structure of an organization, let alone one as unique as ICANN. Yet the global multi-stakeholder community, comprising businesses, governments, the technical community, civil society, academia, individual users, has risen to the challenge.    Through my work in both working groups, it has become clear to me that these disparate stakeholders are united by shared goals, the continued stability, security, and resiliency of the DNS, and an IANA function that continues to operate in a neutral, fully accountable and transparent manner. It is also clear that this process could not have proceeded without the input of this broad cross-section of the global multi-stakeholder community, and the range of technical, legal, and policy expertise that it brings. After many months of hard work, both the IANA transition and ICANN accountability proposals are now out for public comment.    The two working groups have been working in parallel, but the issues they address are deeply intertwined. The working group on enhancing ICANN's accountability is focused on finding ways to empower the ICANN community, its supporting organizations and advisory committees through increased oversight of ICANN processes and governance. These accountability reforms are also critical to the success of the IANA transition proposal.    The current proposal for the IANA transition places the operation of IANA functions within a subsidiary of ICANN, thereby avoiding needing to create an external entity. In this proposal, ICANN will serve as the contracting entity for the IANA functions, and the subsidiary as the operator. It is clear that, for the proposal to work, ICANN, as the new IANA functions oversight body, must be held accountable so that it provides neutral and transparent oversight of the IANA functions. However, this will only be credibly possible with an ICANN community that is more empowered than it is today. It is, therefore, absolutely essential that the proposed accountability enhancements are embraced and committed to by ICANN and its Board, both at the time of the transition and beyond. These community powers will also guard against capture and mission creep. The new accountability enhancements will make more explicit the narrow mission and purpose of the organization, and will make those delineations harder to change.    New measures, including the ability to question budgets and strategic plans, will be key to keeping in check what ICANN does and how it fulfills its role in the Internet ecosystem. The community will be able to veto changes to bylaws, ensuring that neither ICANN's relationship to the IANA functions, nor these important accountability reforms, can be changed at the whim of the Board, now, or in the future. The community will be able to recall individual Board members, as well as the entire Board, making the Board members more directly accountable to the stakeholders that selected them. These powers will ensure that the leadership of ICANN remains responsive to the global community, and does not take its role in the DNS for granted.    The IANA transition is a culmination of a long planned move to multi-stakeholder management to the DNS. The transition also supports the U.S. Government's commitment to multi-stakeholderism and international Internet policy, as my colleague, Ms. Kehl, described. The NTIA's role in overseeing the IANA functions has been a major point of contention over the years. It will be increasingly hard to credibly refute the calls for a controlling role for government in Internet governance if we do not complete a successful transition.    To conclude, CDT expects, and indeed is working hard to ensure, that the global multi-stakeholder community will develop a transition proposal that satisfies NTIA's principles and stakeholder expectations, safeguards against capture or undue influence by stakeholders, and continues to maintain the stability, security, and resiliency of the DNS. The transition proposal must be accompanied by governance reforms that ensure the accountability of ICANN to the global community, and that keep it closely tethered to its mission and mandate. Thank you.    Mr. Shears. I don't think it is likely to happen by that time, unfortunately.    Mr. Shears. I think it is important that we understand and see what comes back from the community, in terms of the consultations that are out at the moment----    Mr. Shears . On the two proposals.    Mr. Shears. That is a key factor.    Mr. Shears. Yes. I also agree, but I would like to emphasize that now is the time for us----    Mr. Shears . As Steve said, for those----    Mr. Shears . Results of that report to be revealed.    Mr. Shears. If I may, I think it will be a great shame if things got in the way of the multi-stakeholder process and come before the proposal. If a proposal is ready, and there are further delays through other mechanism, I think that will be a shame, and that would really undermine the multi-stakeholder model and approach.    Mr. Shears. We will have the results of the consultations on the two proposals, so there will be--have a significant input from the community, from the multi-stakeholder community beyond ICANN, and that will shape the two proposals going forward. So that will be two significant areas of work for us in Buenos Aires.    Mr. Shears. One of the things that is certainly true is that this community, this community within ICANN, has been crying out for greater accountability and transparency for some time, and this came to a head last summer, and that was one of the reasons for accountability working group going forward. So the work that that group is doing at the moment is the work that we hope we will see implemented at the same time as the transition takes place.    So, to date, I think it is fair to say, as others have said on the panel, that the accountability and transparency at ICANN has not been as good as it could have been, and at some times inadequate, and that this is our opportunity to make sure that those changes are put into place. And it is essential that they are.    Mr. Shears. It is an absolutely essential check, yes.    Mr. Shears. Thank you. This is a wonderful question, because when we----    Mr. Shears. When we talk about the multi-stakeholder model, that does involve governments, so governments from different countries around the world are represented in these discussions that we are having, so they are fully apprised of what is happening on accountability, and they are fully apprised of what is happening on the IANA transition. So, yes, there is a considerable amount of support. There are, of course, the naysayers, and this is to be expected, but there is a considerable amount of support for the transition around the globe.    Mr. Shears. Yes, certainly CDT does not support ICANN having the IANA operations in perpetuity. We believe that being able to select another operator is a core accountability mechanism that keeps the IANA functions neutral, transparent, and accountable themselves, and that is probably one of the most important aspects, in terms of the package as a whole, the overall proposal.    Mr. Shears. Yes, thank you. So the current model that is part of the IANA transition does foresee that ICANN is the contractor, and a subsidiary of ICANN is the operator of the IANA functions. So in order for that to work, as I said in my testimony, it is absolutely essential that the oversight of the IANA operator is absolutely neutral, and transparent, and accountable. For that to be the case, it means that the community needs these additional powers that we are talking about. Because at the moment, those powers don't exist.    So at the end of the day, to hold ICANN true, and to ensure that that oversight exists over the IANA operator, we need these accountability measures that we have been talking about in this hearing.    Mr. Shears. Yes, thank you. I think one of the other things--the reasons why this transition is so important is because we are living the multi-stakeholder model right now in these working groups. We are living the multi-stakeholder model right now. These working groups are multi-stakeholder, and they are working very well. For the transition not to occur would undermine that commitment that the U.S. Government has to multi-stakeholder model, and international Internet policy issues, and I think that would be a damaging blow to the legitimacy of the model as a whole. So that is another consequence of this transition not going ahead.    Mr. Shears. Thank you. I would say that the measures that we are trying to put in place on the accountability side are designed to militate against capture and mission creep, and that is part of that process, as you say, of--what happens when things go wrong? We are working in a system now where, hopefully, we will put in place measures where that will be very slim chance of that happening.