    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you both for being here.    Ms. Wormuth, following up on a statement that you made a few minutes ago, why is it the administration's position that a single federal Iraqi state is necessary to defeating ISIS when the reality is that it is this single federal Shia-led, Iranian-influenced central government in Baghdad that has oppressed the Sunni people, created the oxygen for ISIS to come in and take advantage where the Sunnis have been forced to look in that direction in order to escape the oppression and persecution of this Shia-led government, and that this is the main cause for ISIS growing in its presence and strength in Iraq today?    Ms. Gabbard. So understanding that, how can the administration place its hopes on the success of this on an individual person, in this new President when you have a parliament to deal with, you have Shia militias who are on the ground operating, sometimes in alliance, sometimes on their own, and you have the Iranian Revolutionary Guard on the ground?    Ms. Gabbard. To follow up, General Austin, on a previous comment that you made to this point about the necessity of, I think specifically you said the inclusion of Sunnis and Kurds is essential, and that the government must be pressured to do that.    And while there have been some steps and some rhetoric in that direction, really what it comes right down to, there is very little evidence that that is happening, where we see the right rhetoric but still on the ground we are not seeing the Kurds getting the heavy weaponry and the arms that they need, and they have been our most dependable ground force on the ground.    We have the Sunnis who are coming here to Washington saying we are not getting what we need from this central government in Iraq and this is not just something long term; it is relevant now with this attack in Tikrit. So I am wondering specifically if you can address, what is the plan to ensure that the Sunni stronghold, like Tikrit and Mosul, have a plan or an agreement in place for the Sunnis to be in charge of security and governance for these places once the attack is successful and ISIS is driven out?    General Austin. Thank you, Congresswoman.    I think the plan is we have to continue to engage and influence the Iraqi Government. And you asked why this is important, why we want to continue to do this. Iraq is an important country. It has got borders with allies that are key to us: Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait. And what we are doing is working to counter an evil that we have not seen before: ISIL. And I think unless we help in this endeavor, we can look for this thing to spread over into the neighboring countries. And, again, the goal of this enemy is to establish a caliphate to control more turf.    So I think you are right, Congresswoman. I think we have to do everything in our power to make sure we continue to engage the Iraqi Government and make sure----    Ms. Gabbard. Sorry, General Austin, my time is about to run out.    Specifically with Tikrit and Mosul, is there a plan in place for the Sunnis to have governance over security on these towns post-attack?    General Austin. Well, the Iraqi Government has got to put such a plan into action, and that is the intent, I am sure. But in terms of specifics of the plan to do that, at this point, I could not lay that out for you. But that must be the way ahead so----    Ms. Gabbard. I agree.    Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Ms. Stefanik.