    Mrs. Love. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, I would like to thank all of you for being here today, especially Mr. Simmons from the great State of Utah. I really appreciate having some Utah testimony here today, so thank you so much for being here and answering questions for all of us.    I wanted to focus a little bit on the things that I have heard in terms of the 500 employees that have had to have been added. Most of those full-time employees are there for pretty much compliance, internal audits, credit administration, and enterprise risk management--there just to deal with risk management.    So, I am trying to figure out the amount of effort that has gone in just to comply with some of the regulations when it comes to Dodd-Frank. Where does that--paying those 500 additional employees, I just want to hear from you where the cost of that compliance ultimately ends up?    Mrs. Love. Right.    Mrs. Love. Okay.    The other question I have is--and I guess I can go down and ask everyone this question--when we are looking at the SIFI thresholds, whether they are raised or eliminated, would bank regulators still have the regulatory or supervisory tools necessary to make sure that all banking organizations are operated in a safe and sound manner?    If we were to bring that down, for instance, if we were to bring that threshold down, do you feel that the regulators would still have the tools they need to make sure that you are operating in a safe manner?    Mrs. Love. Okay.    Mrs. Love. Okay.    Mrs. Love. That doesn't make any sense to me. So they have the tools and they wouldn't use them, but we have to add another piece of legislation in order for them to use the tools that they already had?    Mrs. Love. No, I certainly wouldn't advise that, because I have found out that when we give too much control to any regulatory agency, it actually hurts those that it vows to protect, as we are seeing here.    If you think about it--my time is limited--there is a system that was put in place to make sure that we don't have, systematically, banks that are too-big-to-fail. And yet, this has actually created an environment where a lot of the smaller banks are being absorbed or are having to close their doors because they cannot deal with the cost of compliance.    And I want to again make sure that everyone knows that the cost of compliance always goes to the consumer, those people who are out there trying to get a loan for their home, for a loan to start their business, or to purchase a vehicle so that they can get to and from work.    I yield back.