    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Weiss, thank you for being here. Your testimony has been very informative, so thank you.    A question for you in following up on previous questions from my neighbor, here. The Puerto Rican Constitution, the territory's Constitution, as I understand, prioritizes debt over all other expenditures. Obviously, the whole issue on balancing autonomy with proper fiscal reform and oversight is going to be an interesting balance.    It is my understanding that last year when legislation was brought up that was going to change the Constitution to provide for more flexibility there, that the Governor opposed it, and that some of the legislators indicated their opposition, as well. Changing the Constitution, as I understand it, would require a two-thirds vote in the legislature, and be presented to the folks in Puerto Rico under referendum.    How do you balance the autonomy issue with, as I hear you saying--and I do not want to put words in your mouth--but as I hear you saying, effectively coming in and restructuring their debt to where the oversight board would have the ability to trump the Constitution?    Mr. Graves. I have two other questions. I appreciate the thorough answer, and certainly want to get those, but being respectful of time here, very quickly, I will perhaps ask it this way. Is it your view that the territory clause in the U.S. Constitution trumps the prioritization of expenditure and debt clause in the Puerto Rican Constitution? Yes or no, please.    Mr. Graves. Thank you. Next question. I was looking around at different options here, trying to understand this. Obviously, the issue as indicated by Mr. MacArthur earlier is a big concern. But in the past, Puerto Rico has issued tax anticipation notes in order to cover expenditures. This year, as I understand it, is the first year they have not issued an appropriate level to cover their expenses.    I understand that Mr. Pierluisi introduced legislation that would allow for the Federal Reserve Bank to acquire those notes. Have you all taken a position on that, and is that a component of what you see as being a long-term solution?    Mr. Graves. Another question--and I apologize, I had not had a chance to confirm this with the FERC, but it is my understanding--there were questions earlier that were brought up in regard to power. Obviously, the electricity prices there are significant compared to other parts of the United States. It is my understanding that there has been a gas terminal permit sitting on the FERC's desk for some period of time now that would provide for natural gas as a fuel stocked for electricity production, which again, when you look around the country, should provide significant relief in regard to rates.    I understand you are with Treasury, but just curious if that is on your radar, if that might be something that you are aware of?    Mr. Graves. I would appreciate it. And again, I know you are not FERC.    Last question. I would actually like to follow up on Mr. MacArthur's question in regard to the bond market implications and precedent he was concerned about before. Forty-five seconds.    Mr. Graves. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you, appreciate that.    Mr. Clay, I think you are next.