    Mr. Pasqua. Chairman Thornberry, members of the committee, my name is Joe Pasqua, and I am honored to be here today as a private citizen to address you.    Having been asked for ways to address shortening of the defense acquisition cycle, my statement today will focus on how the private sector has addressed similar challenges and increased their ability to adopt innovation quickly.    My testimony is based on over three decades in the information technology, the IT industry, and also as a member of BENS, Business Executives for National Security, which is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization that for over 30 years has been a conduit through which private sector leaders can help build a more secure America. Although the opinions I am going to express today are largely reflective of BENS's perspectives, the views I express are my own.    I would first like to commend the committee's efforts at acquisition reform. I agree with Chairman Thornberry's approach to make incremental and achievable changes as a path to comprehensive reform. Because of the central role of IT in virtually all modern systems, the ability to efficiently specify, acquire, and adopt IT innovation has become a key success factor. Smaller, more agile companies are often the best sources of innovation; however, they can often be the most difficult to identify and engage with for large organizations.    In the past, barriers for both the Department and these small companies have impeded building effective relationships. Traditionally smaller companies haven't viewed DOD as a viable customer because they lack the specialized knowledge and the time that is required for operating in this space. It is not that they don't want to engage with DOD; it is just that it is too high a risk for these still small businesses.    So the question becomes, how are private sector companies addressing similar challenges? Over the last 5 to 7 years, there has been a fundamental change in the way that they specify and acquire IT. The rapid pace of innovation has made long, expensive requirements processes untenable. As a result, we are seeing less of what I referred to as ``big bang'' acquisitions; instead, companies are starting small, conducting iterative evaluations in real time, and adjusting as needed. Advances in cloud computing, scale-out architectures, and other technologies have enabled companies to test concepts quickly and purchase IT hardware as they need it rather than buying everything upfront.    This has been a challenge, quite frankly, for large organizations with high inertia and low risk thresholds. But even with these larger organizations, we are seeing that they are becoming more agile as a way to keep pace in a competitive marketplace. This shift has lessened the bias towards large, incumbent vendors and has given innovative new players a better opportunity to compete.    This new approach also helps to remove risk by keeping the initial investments small. Traditional requirements processes attempt to mitigate risk by conducting long-term, expensive studies to ensure all options, every conceivable outcome can be reviewed in advance of a decision. In contrast, an agile approach allows companies to start small and scale up as appropriate, thereby reducing the need for protracted requirements processes.    In fact, a traditional process has a different sort of risk, the risk that by the time a long acquisition process is complete, the solution that is chosen will no longer be appropriate. Nowhere is this more true in cyberspace where the threat landscape is changing on a continuous basis. In such a dynamic space, the requirements process needs to account for an organization's current needs and be able to adapt to the inevitable changes that will come. This is one reason why open architecture is so important. It provides increased interoperability, modularity, and the ability to incorporate new technologies without overhauling an entire system.    In summary, I believe that these practices and understanding and implementing these approaches would help the Department to become more agile and responsive to innovation, allow a slightly different, yet still very good risk mitigation strategy, and encourage participation from a wider segment of industry.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak today, and I am prepared to answer any questions you may have.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Francis.    Mr. Pasqua. I think it translates very well to the private sector, particularly with technology. It is sort of well understood that the further on you get into a technology development cycle, the costs of changes and finding and fixing problems increases close to exponentially.    So you want to make sure that you are doing as much cycle work as you can upfront to get your technology in place and in a mode where it is operable, it can be adapted and modularized, but you don't want to be making changes during the production cycle, you don't want to be redoing the architecture during the production cycle. That is the absolutely most expensive time to deal with those types of issues.    So the idea of being more agile upfront, being able to test systems before they are in production, before you get into the most expensive phase for changes, is, I would say, an industry best practice.    The Chairman. Thank you. Thank you, all.    Mrs. Davis.    Mr. Pasqua. Well, I can't compare to the public sector because I can't speak with authority on how often that happens, but it is definitely the case that having a fresh perspective is always a good thing. But having people who have--are experienced with the process and know how the process works and can operate efficiently in it, I think, is very important.    I think what we are seeing in industry is sort of a bridge being built between the people and the way processes had operated for many, many years, and a transition to the way they are operating now. And I think part of the way that is happening, particularly in large organizations, is they are looking at smaller organizations and wondering how these smaller organizations are so much more effective than they are, and trying to understand which sorts of processes can be adapted from those sort of more agile companies into a larger organization.    It is not easy, frankly. The things that work in a smaller organization often don't translate directly to a larger organization. But as Dr. Chu was saying, I think that one of the critical things is always keeping in mind what the end goal is.    So as organizations are focusing on not what's written in a document somewhere about, you know, specific sets of requirements but actually what they are trying to achieve in the marketplace or for their customers or for their patients or clients and being able to adjust based on that north star of what the actual goals of the projects are rather than specifically the detailed requirements is one thing that I think is changing industry in a positive way.    Mr. Pasqua. I think that is incredibly important, and to the earlier point about sort of what worries us in the larger curves, it worries me that some of the best minds of a generation in the tech world are focused on how to get you to click on more ads rather than technology that can be helping our Armed Forces. And I think one of the big reasons for that, as I mentioned in my opening statement, is it is just too hard. Companies don't know the terminology that is being used in this room. They don't know how to engage in government processes or DOD processes. They look at what it would take to learn, and unless they are making a technology that is specifically suited for that area, they are just not going to do it.    Mr. Pasqua. I think there is a couple of things. I think one of the things that would be really helpful, and it has been happening. We are getting many more visits from different governmental organizations to the Valley to make companies more aware of what the opportunities are and how they might get more involved. But there needs to be, you know, short of changing all the acquisition processes, there needs to be some methodology, some help for these organizations to be able to sell into the Department without having to learn all of the processes that are involved because they are just not going to do it.    So whether it is working with larger integrators who already know the ropes so to speak, or creating conduits by which some of these technologies can get embedded into other modular platforms, as we have been discussing, more easily, I think either of those approaches would do it.    Mr. Pasqua. Just a quick comment. I agree with Dr. Chu's comment about understanding and explicitly choosing the point in the trade space early on in the process and understanding what the entire space looks like. I would just add that it is important also to get a feel for what it will take to make a move in that space. So we can understand where we can be at a given point in time, the tradeoffs that we are making to choose that point, and understand what it will take if we want to move in other directions, or at least have a feel of the scope of it.    So that is to say that, you know, we talked about modular and adaptable systems, but they are not free. They are actually hard. It is hard to design a system that is adaptable in every conceivable way; and, in fact, you typically don't want to do that because it will introduce new limitations or costs. But it is important to understand, even when making the initial choice, what the costs will be to make moves to different areas in the trade space like lighter weight, what the costs would be associated with that, and in the upfront design decide whether it is appropriate to enable those moves in the trade space later. Because as I say, it will take costs to enable that modularity or flexibility.    Mr. Pasqua. There is an approach in industry called MVP, for minimum viable product, and the whole idea there is, don't build the be-all, end-all. Don't boil the ocean. Build what is actually needed to accomplish whatever it is you are trying to accomplish. And build the minimum thing that is needed. Because, in fact, you are not going to know all the details of how it is going to grow and how you are going to want to adapt to use it.    So instead of trying to build the be-all, end-all, the goal is much more to build the smallest thing that meets the requirements with the adaptability to go in different directions that you don't necessarily know today. And that has two sort of beneficial outcomes.    One is, it happens fast. It is small. It tends to focus you on what is really important rather than on contingencies that may be important some day. And it gets you to focus on the adaptability of the architecture that you are building, so that as you actually use it and find what is important, or your needs change, it is easier to actually take the system in the direction you want to go in a much more cost-effective way.    Mr. Pasqua. This was a particular frustration area for me. I ran the global research organization at Symantec, which is the largest cybersecurity firm in the industry. And one of the challenges that we had, given the rapid pace of change of the landscape, was that we develop new technologies in our research organization and want to get those out and into the hands of our government counterparts, but oftentimes the cycle of doing that, just being able to discuss it and go through the process, was so long that the window of opportunity for dealing with a threat had passed by the time that we were through it.    And I always wished that there was a way for us to build a relationship that didn't start and stop; that provided a way for us on an opportunistic basis to say, hey, we have got an interesting technology for you that we think is of interest for you to get into service today or very soon. How can we make that happen quickly and not have to start, you know, a whole cycle of discussions to make that process happen that then made the technology irrelevant 9 months later.