    Ms. Clarke. I believe, during this early public assessment phase, state and local governments can participate, should they choose, but their voice will be marginalized. They have a right to sit as an elevated partner because they are sovereigns, and they should not be relegated to sharing a position among the crowd.    Elected officials do represent the majority of the voices of those elected, although they may not represent the voices of the loudest, most well-funded special interest groups. I believe that this is stepping aside from the law, and it is not the first time we have seen the Administration take such a step.    The Chairman. Thank you, I appreciate that. It is troubling for me. The Federal Government does own--I actually can't see how much time I have, so when I am close to it, hit me or something, will you?    The Federal Government owns a third of all America, we know that. About 45 percent is BLM property. The sad part is almost none of that is east of Denver; it is all west of Denver. That means, even though the votes in Congress are east of Denver, everyone here east of Denver thinks public lands are all national parks, when we know the bulk of it is BLM property, and it is for those of us who actually have the fortunate opportunity of living in the West.    What that simply means is, sometimes ideas can gain support when they actually do hurt people in the process. I think those of us here in the West have a specific interest, and that is why I appreciate the first two witnesses who represent the governors and commissioners who have concerns about what will actually happen in the West, even though we do not have the numerical majority here.    And, it is the same thing here. Mr. McAfee, you talked about the commissioners in your area. I am assuming they were voted by the people.    Ms. Clarke. Thank you for the question. I believe absolutely not. I think it will go the opposite direction. Those relationships in the state are robust, but it is very disappointing when we sit and come to terms with one of our BLM counterparts and they say, ``OK, now I have to go back to Washington and see if I can get this validated.'' And very often they cannot. They come back with a counter-proposal.    I think this will just make that problem more prevalent.    Ms. Clarke. Thank you, I appreciate that opportunity. As I said, I have worked with many agencies, Federal and state, regarding land use planning and plans. It was delightful when I served at BLM to very often be out with local folks, sometimes elected officials, and to be told that BLM was a superb partner and asked, ``What would it take to get the Forest Service to function the way the BLM did? ''    I think you automatically see the difference. They have landscape-scale designs around those forests. They do not have any kind of geographic boundaries that align with political boundaries. While that is convenient for them and good for the forest, they are not the greatest of partners. I used to have my counterpart, Chief of the Forest Service, say this, ``It is great to partner with the BLM, because they are open-armed.'' But he says, ``If you want to partner with the Forest Service, you have really got to want to partner, because we will not make it easy.''    Ms. Clarke. I have grave concerns about it, because I do not think there is anything I have seen in the rule that limits who that might be. And I do not see anything that says it needs to be someone local, someone who understands the culture.    But, there has been discussion here about ``we are not going to diminish the role of the cooperators.'' Yet, I think it will fundamentally be diminished if, after you have talked and worked with them, they pull in someone to decide who has never been party to those conversations. So, it is another way to really diminish the input of state and local governments.    The Chairman. Let me go back to another one, then. States do have primacy over allocation and administration of water resources within state borders. So, Mr. Lyons, the BLM proposals here indicate the agency may add provisions to its RMPs to increase agency involvement in water management. Specifically, what aspects of water management allocation would BLM incorporate into the future in new or amended RMPs?    Ms. Clarke. Not necessarily, because I believe that the best stewardship of the land comes when there is a partnership that empowers local people to be engaged, and that has solicited their commitment to the plan. If they are a part of it, I think they will honor it; and they will do their utmost to take care of the land.    The land is often where they live, where they play, and, for many, where they make a living. I think they will be good stewards. I think if you go to landscape level you lose that very personal touch. Unlike the Forest Service, that can draw a circle around their land, the BLM land is so fragmented that BLM has to partner with its neighbors. This is not going to lead to good partnership.    Ms. Clarke. No, I do not. I think this is moving beyond the statute, and kind of ignoring the statute.