    Mr.  Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for your leadership.    And thank you, Ranking Member Mr. Lynch, for your not only fact-based willingness to look at the record, but also your willingness to work in a bipartisan manner to address this serious issue.    From the surge of unaccompanied minors and family units from Central America coming across our border to the ongoing Syrian refugee crisis, as well as the fiancee visa that was erroneously issued to the San Bernardino terrorist Tashfeen Malik, there seems to be no shortage of immigration issues that impact our national security. So today's hearing takes a closer look at the national security implications at our Nation's porous borders.    Now, I want to emphasize that it is a national security interest that brings us here today. There are plenty of other rhetoric and discussion that can go on as it relates to immigration and immigration policy. But, indeed, this is looking at not only immigration but at border security and how it affects national security.    It has been in the forefront of much of the political discussion in recent months. The Department of Homeland Security officials have often indicated to the American public that our borders are more secure today than they have ever been. I think many of us have heard that. They tout the low number of apprehensions as proof, which seems to be a little counterintuitive to me.    In fact, the GAO, the Government Accountability Office, has indicated that the DHS has no official metrics in place to measure whether our border is secure or not. So those statements are very difficult to comprehend, if there are no metrics in place.    Representatives from the Border Patrol tell us that the situation at the border is exactly the opposite of what the administration claims.    Undoubtedly, the United States has a proud history of providing refuge to victims of persecution and will continue to be unwavering in our commitment to be that beacon of freedom and hope for those facing persecution around the world. But when this administration fails to enforce our immigration laws, or turns a blind eye to the rampant fraud and abuse while rubberstamping--rubberstamping--credible fear claims at a rate as high as 92 percent, the integrity of our system is undermined. Our generosity is taken advantage of and our national security is at risk.    We should seek to protect the integrity of our immigration system from fraudulent claims made by those seeking to do us harm or subvert our rule of law. Individuals who seek to defraud the asylum process make a mockery of those who are truly persecuted, for those who are fleeing from fear.    The United States is one of the most generous nations in the world, and our asylum system is an extension of that generosity. And yet, various organizations are coaching people to claim credible fear in order to avoid deportation.    By invoking the credible fear claim, most aliens enter into a process by which they await proceedings before an immigration judge, which at the very least buys them more time in the United States. It often takes years, multiple years, before those court dates take place.    In the meantime, the alien is allowed to obtain a work permit, go about their business in the United States and, indeed, could embed in our communities. It seems to me that the word is out that claiming credible fear is the way to go.    The numbers sure say that much to me, and as we look at the credible fear claims that have grown exponentially in recent years, as Chairman DeSantis mentioned in his opening remarks, one of my biggest concerns is that nefarious actors have taken advantage of our generosity.    Gang members, cartel operators, supporters of terrorist groups can game the system and make use of credible fear to remain here in the United States. Even according to DHS, aliens with known or claimed ties to cartels and terrorist groups have been apprehended along the border claiming credible fear.    The data this committee has received confirms that the Border Patrol is encountering migrants from Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, and Turkey. Now this is coming across our southern border, and these are just the individuals that were apprehended.    So what about all of those who were never seen by law enforcement at all and make it into the interior of our country?    I hope to hear from our witnesses today on their assessment of the current holes that might enable these bad actors to take advantage of our system. Most importantly, I would like to hear what should be done to address these deficiencies and help ensure the safety of the American public.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask unanimous consent to enter the following documents into the record. One would be U.S. Border Patrol nationwide apprehensions for 2015 and 2016. The other is the USCIS credible fear nationality reports for fiscal year 2014, 2015, and for quarter one of 2016, and the USCIS credible fear data and affirmative asylum case data. I ask unanimous consent.    Mr.  Meadows. And with that, I would yield back, Mr. Chairman. I thank you.    Mr.  Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let me follow up a little bit on what Mr. Lynch just talked about, because as we start to look at this particular issue, there is a big difference between refugees and asylum-seekers.    Somehow we put those two together, assuming that they are one and the same. Indeed, they are not one and the same. We have different processes for those.    I serve on the Global Health and Human Rights Foreign Affairs Subcommittee. There is nothing that is more close to my heart, in terms of those who are truly in need.    But what Mr. Lynch was talking about really comes to mind, what are the places that are most troubled from a standpoint of people needing asylum or refugee status? What countries come to mind as being the most horrific right now?    Ms. Acer, what country would you put in the top two?    Mr.  Meadows. So Syria would be number one.    Mr.  Meadows. Is it in the top five?    Mr.  Meadows. All right. The reason I come there is because what Mr. Lynch was talking about is, if indeed the worst place in the world is Syria, what we would see is coming across our southern border this mass infiltration from Syria. But really, when we start to look at the numbers, it is not bearing that out as much.    So, Mr. Ting, I need to understand the process, because Ms. Acer had talked about the fact that these asylum-seekers come and they sit in jail.    Now we have been led to believe that, since 2009, there was a different administration rule that would not actually put them in jail. Mr. Judd would apprehend them. They would go through and seek credible fear. And then they would be released and not sit in jail waiting for that.    Is that correct, Mr. Ting?    Mr.  Meadows. Right.    Mr.  Meadows. The State Department is involved with that. A number of other ----    Mr.  Meadows. Right.    Mr.  Meadows. So I can tell by the nonverbal gestures to your right from my standpoint, that she does not agree, so go ahead. I will give you very short--I have very limited time.    Mr.  Meadows. So, Mr. Judd, you put them in jail? If they have credible fear claims, your Border Patrol puts them in jail?    Mr.  Meadows. Okay. So we either let them go, or we put them in what you would classify as a country club setting, is what you're saying?    Mr.  Meadows. So part of the testimony here is that we deny a whole lot. Let me ask you this. It appears, in 2013, that we approved 92 percent of the people coming across our border, in terms of fiscal year 2013. Ninety-two percent of the people who came across and said there is a credible fear got approved. I guess in the first quarter of this year, it is actually 86 percent.    So if we are looking at approving that many, everybody who comes across and says--it is almost everybody who comes across who says I have a credible fear, I want asylum.    Is that the reason those numbers continue to go higher, Mr. Judd?    Mr.  Meadows. So do they get a long interview? I guess when they ----    Mr.  Meadows. So what is the interview like?    Mr.  Meadows. So if I am speaking Farsi, I can come across and say I have a credible fear, and I do not get a real interview?    Mr.  Meadows. So the very people that may be terrorists, and I don't want to categorize one particular group as speaking a particular language, but those are higher threat areas to us based on their past history, they get a shorter interview?    Mr.  Meadows. All right. Thank you.    I yield back. I appreciate the patience of the chair.