    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to thank the committee for their work too. I have just a couple questions. And I think we are hitting down on it, that of the survey.    The survey was presented to service members today. And they were asked if there was another situation would you like it better. And you probably gave them some parameters. And then you went back and gave them another survey after the parameters were set. Is that correct, of the new program?    Because I am looking at this survey right here that says 80 percent of Active service members would prefer the current or proposed compensation system. And it says 80 percent would prefer the preferred proposed system. That is a tongue twister in itself.    Was the survey before this presented the same way and said that if we gave you this option to have this type of a system, as opposed to your current system? So it was apples to apples. That is what I guess I am asking.    Mr. Knight. So as I am going down my line of thinking here, I think it is fair if you offer somebody something and you say these are the parameters of what you are getting--your system is going to be, your retirement system or whatever it is, then I think it is fair.    If you offer a choice to the people who are currently serving or currently employed as it were in the private world, you have the option. You can jump onto this new program or you can stay on the program.    I think for us that have to sell this, that is a big selling point. We are giving you a choice. And you can stay under the current program.    So my last question is about retirees. So, say there is a retiree, they retired in 2008 or 2010 or whatever it is. How does this affect them? Do they automatically change over?    Because there can't be a changeover. There was no buy-in. There was no--they just stay in the old system. Correct?    Mr. Knight. So I am trying to figure out how I don't sell this. You have the option. If you don't want it, don't take it. If you do want it, it is probably a better system for you, especially for someone like me or enlisted out of high school and didn't serve 20 years. It would probably be a better program for me. Or for somebody who served 35 years it probably still is a better program for you.    So I don't know. How am I not going to be able to sell this?    Mr. Knight. Mr. Chair, we all have gargoyles in our district. And they all protect the muck. So, that is what makes it hard.    Mr. Knight. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield back.    Mr. Knight. Thanks, Mr. Chair. Just a quick question.    What would the 20 percent say? What were their reasons for not liking the proposed program? Did they give any?    Mr. Knight. Yes. I would just expect--you know in a prior life I was a financial adviser. And the more you talk to people and the more kind of information you gave them, not advice, the clearer they were. And the better choices they made.    And I just wonder if it got further down the survey and you said well what about this and you gave them a little bit more information.    You know when you are 19 and you are getting in the military you don't think that you are ever going to be 60. Or if you are joining as a career, you just want to serve and you just want to be in the military and be part of the mission.    So I don't know that that is the thinking process from everyone. And so I think the more it goes down I think more if this is adopted it will start to become part of the culture. And nobody will know any different.    Mr. Knight. I think part of it is familiarity, I do. Look, if 80 percent of the people like what I am doing, I am a happy guy, so.    I yield back.