    Mr. Horowitz. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, members of committee, thank you for inviting me to testify today.    Federal agents are held to the highest standards of conduct, both on and off duty. As a former Federal prosecutor and as an inspector general, it has been my experience that the overwhelming majority of Department agents meet those high standards and perform their work with great integrity and honor, thereby helping keeping--keep our communities safe and our country safe. Nevertheless, we find instances where law enforcement agents engage in serious misconduct and even criminal violations, affecting the agency's reputation, potentially compromising prosecutions, and possibly affecting the security of the agents and agency operations.    Furthermore, misconduct that involves sexual harassment affects employee morale and creates a hostile work environment.    Following the incidents during the President's trip to Colombia in 2012, the OIG conducted two reviews, one relating to Department policies and training involving off-duty conduct by employees working in foreign countries, and one relating to the handling of allegations of sexual harassment and misconduct by the Department's law enforcement components.    Our off-duty conduct report found a lack of Department-wide policies or training requirements pertaining to off-duty conduct whether in the United States or in other countries. This was particularly concerning, given that we made recommendations back in 1996 in an OIG report involving allegations at the time about Department law enforcement agent off-duty conduct. Despite those earlier recommendations, we found little had changed in the intervening two decades. We did find, however, that the FBI made changes, including providing comprehensive training for its employees to help them make day-to-day decisions--to make appropriate day-to-day decisions about off-duty conduct while working abroad. However, we found that the other three Department law enforcement components contained little or no information about off-duty conduct before sending their employees abroad. Having only one of four law enforcements components effectively preparing its employees for overseas assignments demonstrates the need for Department-wide training and policies.    In March 2015, we issued our report on the nature, frequency, reporting, investigation, and adjudication of allegations of sexual harassment or misconduct in the Department's four law enforcement components. The report identified significant systemic issues that require prompt corrective action by the Department. These issues include a lack of coordination between internal affairs offices and security personnel; failure to meet misconduct--to report misconduct allegations to component headquarters; failure to investigate allegations fully; weaknesses in the adjudication process; and weaknesses in detecting and preserving sexually explicit text messages and images.    Together our reviews demonstrate the need to improve disciplinary and security processes as well as to clearly communicate the DOJ's--to communicate to DOJ and components' employees the expectations for employee conduct. Strong and unequivocal action from Department and component leadership at all levels is critical to ensure that Department employees meet the highest standards of conduct and are held fully accountable for any misconduct.    As we also described in our March 2015 report, the failure by the DEA and FBI to promptly provide information we requested significantly impeded our review. Both agencies raised baseless legal objections and only relented when I elevated the issue to agency leadership. However, even then, the information we received was still incomplete. We, therefore, cannot be confident that the FBI and DEA provided us with all information relevant to this review.    In addition, after we completed our draft report, we learned that the DEA failed to conduct the entire search of its data base we had requested. In order to conduct effective oversight, the OIG must have timely and complete access to documents and materials. This review starkly demonstrates the dangers in allowing the Department and its components to decide on their own what documents they will share with the OIG. The delays we experienced impeded our work, delayed our ability to discover the significant issues we ultimately identified, wasted Department and OIG resources, and affected our confidence in the completeness of our review.    Unfortunately, this was not an isolated incident. Rather, we faced repeated instances in which our timely access to records has been impeded. Congress recognized the significance of this impairment and included a provision in the recent appropriations act, section 218, prohibiting the Department from impeding our timely access to records. Nevertheless, the FBI continues to proceed exactly as it did before section 218 was adopted, spending appropriated funds to review records to determine if they should be withheld from the OIG.    We're approaching the 1-year anniversary of the Deputy Attorney General's request to the Office of Legal Counsel for an opinion on those matters, yet that opinion remains outstanding, and we have been given no timeline for its issuance. Although the OIG has been told that the opinion is a priority, the length of time that has passed suggests otherwise. Instead, the status quo continues. The American public deserves and expects an OIG that is able to conduct rigorous oversight of the Department's activities. Unfortunately, our ability to conduct that oversight is being undercut every day that goes by without a resolution of this dispute.    I want to thank the committee again for its bipartisan support for our work, and I have--would be pleased to answer any questions that you may have.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, it has a significant debilitating effect on morale, particularly when the individuals in the workplace try to report the information and see no results. And that's one of the things we highlight here that's particularly concerning when, for example, in three of the incidents we identified, in one of them we learned about it or it was reported----    Mr. Horowitz. These are on the three matters involving DEA that we have been discussing.    One is reported in June 2010 through an anonymous letter. That's how that information gets forwarded. The 2001 to 2004 events that are referred to in the report as the sex parties, those don't get reported until 2009, 2010, when the corrupt law enforcement officers are charged.    Mr. Horowitz. Because they were dealt with locally, reviewed locally and didn't need to be reported to----    Mr. Horowitz. They were not, and that was the concern we identified.    And on the third incident that we report there, that's sent to the OIG and DEA by the State Department, not through the DEA. Employees in the organizations not only need to know they have a safe work environment to go to and a nonhostile work environment, but they need to know they can come forward, report allegations, and that they'll be taken seriously and that they'll be addressed promptly.    Mr. Horowitz. That's correct, Congressman.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, it's interesting, Congressman, you use these words because this all--our first review was of the good ole boy roundup events. Back in the early nineties, we did a report in 1969 about the culture and the need to make it clear about what is permissible and what clearly isn't permissible on and off duty, and yet we're 20 years later and there are still no department-wide policies or training.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, that's certainly something Congress could look at. As been noted, the FBI has certain authorities that the other three components do not. I will add that one of the things that would help address these is that the OIG--that they get reported as they should to headquarters, that they get reported to the OIG as they should, and that we get copies of records that we need promptly so that we can look at them promptly. That would help as well, and that takes no congressional action because you already have the law in the IG Act that says that should occur, but it's not occurring.    Mr. Horowitz. It's certainly our view that if an employee fails to report to headquarters what the policy requires, which in all law enforcement agencies cases in the Department, that's the policy, that is a violation that should be looked at.    Mr. Horowitz. We've certainly put forth, on our Website publically and sent to Congress, everything that we're allowed to put forth pursuant to the Privacy Act. We've--we have not withheld material.    Mr. Horowitz. I think the problem has been that, frankly, I've had to call too much. I shouldn't have to make those calls, frankly, to the Administrator to get access. The staff--my staff shouldn't have to spend 4 months going back and forth with the line DEA staff getting redacted versions, being told they can't get things because of privacy issues when we--that is not a basis for a legal objection, which the DEA and the FBI ultimately conceded.    But I shouldn't have to be engaging at the highest levels of the FBI and the DEA to get the access that occurred--and let me just put in a--say something here about two agencies that complied fully. The ATF and the U.S. Marshals Service got us the material immediately. We had no delays. What it took us four, five--I don't even know how many months--to get from DEA and ATF we got in a matter of weeks from ATF and the Marshals Service.    Mr. Horowitz . Who fully cooperated with us.    Mr. Horowitz. I'm sorry. FBI and DEA compared to ATF and the Marshals Service, who fully cooperated with us.    Mr. Horowitz. That's correct.    Mr. Horowitz. That's correct.    Mr. Horowitz. That's correct.    Mr. Horowitz. They certainly could lose their security clearance if the process was followed through as it's supposed to be followed through.    Mr. Horowitz. My understanding is that the FBI is unique in that regard, as Mr. Perkins outlined, and that the other three law enforcement components in the Department have to follow the Title V rules and the civil service rules.    Mr. Horowitz. They've been fully cooperative throughout our reviews, have not raised legal objections, and have read the IG Act and complied with what we've asked for.    Mr. Horowitz. Well----    Mr. Horowitz. Well, certainly there--we don't have any enforceability at this point, other than my testifying publically and raising it to the----    Mr. Horowitz . Folks. It ultimately turns out to be, in some instances, but it's a problem and it's a repeated problem.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, certainly on the personnel side, on the discipline side, that would be something that could occur. Frankly, on the access issues and getting the records promptly, there is no reason why DEA and FBI shouldn't have done the same thing the Marshals Service and ATF did. They didn't question the scope of our audit. They didn't raise concerns about whether we could see names or see the facts or run the search terms. They just did it.    Mr. Horowitz. What we found, Congressman, from looking in the file was that they should have known, given they're trained law enforcement agents and they were dealing with corrupt law enforcement--local law enforcement that was providing them with the prostitutes as well as the various gifts.    Mr. Horowitz. They were.    Mr. Horowitz. I think, as a matter of Title V, she can't directly intervene and fire them. I do think one of the concerns we outlined in the report as to DEA and the other three agencies is how they adjudicate these cases. They undercharge them in some instances. And so, at DEA, for example, sexual harassment if you're charged with that, there's only one punishment, removal. But if you're charged with conduct unbecoming or poor judgment, which isn't even actually a category, then you've got a range of penalties. And so one of the issues, you know as a former prosecutor, is how you charge the case, and that has a consequence.    Mr. Horowitz. Actually, Congressman, if you charge the offense, removal is a possibility. If you charge something less, conduct unbecoming or poor judgment--you don't charge what actually occurred--that's when the ability to discipline is limited. And that's the concern we found, as you know, in our report.    Mr. Horowitz. We don't know who told them that information, but that is, in fact, what we were told.    Mr. Horowitz. We didn't determine definitively whether it occurred. We believe it did occur given we were told that by several individuals.    Mr. Horowitz. We did not.    Mr. Horowitz. Certainly. With regard to the production of information and answering questions, again, the frustration we had with both the FBI and DEA during this process was we kept having to go back and ask for more once we learned what we weren't told originally. That was the case with regard to documents. We got redacted information. We had to--I had to elevate it in both instances months after this all started.    With regard to the interviews, we learned later in the process that certain individuals at DEA that we had interviewed hadn't told us about an open case because of their understanding that they shouldn't talk about an open case. We found out that when we did get productions from both the FBI and the DEA that they didn't give us everything. We only learned that because we went back and checked our own records to compare and see if we had everything that--whether they provided us with everything that we already had. We thought they had even more than we had, which is why we went to them in the first instance for the information, but then we found out that the production was incomplete. We then had to go back and ask for a further review, and then after we did the draft report, we found out that the DEA hadn't run all the search terms we had done without telling us that they had made that decision on their own.    So we had multiple instances where that occurred. It delayed our report. I can assure you it frustrated the good, hard-working folks in my office who spent months just trying to get information. And I will go back to what I said earlier: The ATF and the U.S. Marshal Service, we asked the same--made the same requests of them. We got the material. And we got it fast, and we never thought we didn't get from them what we were entitled to. That should have happened across the board, and it should be happening across the board in all instances.    Mr. Horowitz. That's correct.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, certainly that wasn't the case back in--during the course of the years that we reviewed this. That's the problems that we identified here.    Mr. Horowitz. That was not--certainly not the culture and certainly not the understanding based on the interviews we conducted.    Mr. Horowitz. It did not at that time. It does now in light of both the Administrator's memo and the Attorney General's memo.    Mr. Horowitz. I'd be happy to take that information and look into the issue.    Mr. Horowitz. We will.    Mr. Horowitz. Yes. We will followup.    Mr. Horowitz. No.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, within the current structure, there needs to be prompt reporting, prompt investigating, prompt disciplinary action, and follow through. I mean, that's--within the current structure, that can be done. It's--you mention the Colombian national example. Those events that were learned about from the Colombian national officers who were corrupt and disclosed the information related to the 2001, 2004 events. All of the DEA officials involved in those events down in Colombia said nothing about it. Think about it: It was learned 8 years--6, 7, 8 years later when corrupt Colombian national officers disclosed it. That's a problem, a serious problem, that no one thought that that was reportable to headquarters and that there needed to be follow through, whether it's the current system, frankly, whether it's under an FBI regime, that was the fundamental flaw there. Right? No one thought it was important enough or serious enough to raise to headquarters.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, these were the corrupt officers.    Mr. Horowitz. Right. That they felt it was wrong and once they of course got arrested, they were more than happy to come in and report out on what had occurred.    Mr. Horowitz. What occurred back in 2013 when we were given redacted documents, it impeded and obstructed our ability to move forward with this investigation in a timely manner, and it took months, and it required me to elevate it to the leadership of both agencies. And it was when I elevated it that we got--got the reaction, but I didn't have to do that with ATF and the Marshal Service, and I shouldn't have to do that.    Mr. Horowitz. And I'm still having to do that in multiple instances.    Mr. Horowitz. Yep. I--I think, in this instance, we were obstructed.    Mr. Horowitz. I think at this point we made a decision to simply move forward, issue the report, even though we had concerns about both the FBI and DEA's productions because this was so important to put forward. And, frankly, at this point, we've got other reports to do and get to that we still have the same issues on, just different context.    Mr. Horowitz. On this issue, no.    Mr. Horowitz. On others, yes.    Mr. Horowitz. I certainly think it raises the risks.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, I think it's based on what you have before you which is what's written down as the definitions and looking at the actions. Some of these--for example, one of the incidents that we cite talks about the assistant regional director making inappropriate sexual comments, forcing others to watch pornographic movies, yelling at employees, other kinds of actions obviously clearly within the definition of sexual harassment.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, I think the concern we found as we cite in our report is that they were charged with offenses, such as conduct unbecoming, poor judgment, which, by the way, isn't the category, and others, that were inconsistent. And the concern is, and we deal with this in our own agency when we have to look at individuals who may have engaged in misconduct, you want to charge what the number of charges should be in part because there's precedent. You look to what prior individuals got for similarly situated conduct under similar charges, and so that's one of the concerns we have as we lay out here as to the importance of consistent charging and charging the appropriate offense.    Mr. Horowitz. We didn't look into what could have happened had they been referred to the Office of Security Programs primarily because the concern we saw was that they weren't being referred to the Office of Security Programs. So we weren't in the position to review what actions they took with regard to these matters because we learned that OPR, when they did finally get these allegations, never turned around and sent them to the OSP to look at.    Mr. Horowitz. With the Drug Enforcement Agency, no.    Mr. Horowitz. We have, not as to this review, but as to at least four other ongoing reviews, we still do not have all the records that we need because of the FBI's continuing process of reviewing records, determining what it is allowed under its legal judgment to provide to us, go through that process, go to the Attorney General or the Deputy Attorney General, get their approval and then get it to us. So as to several ongoing reviews, we still do not have all the materials that are responsive to our requests.    Mr. Horowitz. Can I be clear? They're not working with us to get us the 200 emails. They haven't given us the 200 emails. Our understanding is it's because they believe they have a legal review to conduct. That's why our--what our understanding is as to why we're not getting them.    For several of these matters, these are multi months we've been waiting for them. There is no reason why we should not be getting the materials immediately. None whatsoever. I understand they have a legal position that is different. Frankly, the easiest way to resolve this--and I think on this we're in complete agreement--is if the Office of Legal Counsel would simply issue its opinion, I think, we would both say we would be very satisfied on that point.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, May will be the 1-year anniversary.    Mr. Horowitz. Pre-2010, there was no such objection from the FBI as to wiretap information, Fair Credit Reporting Act information, grand jury information. We got that material. In fact, in a 1998 and 1999 proceedings in District Court in Oklahoma, the department itself took the position that we were entitled to grand jury material and two Federal judges agreed.    This has all changed since 2010 with no change in the law. The only thing, frankly, that occurred was several hard-hitting OIG reviews about how the FBI was handling some of its national security authorities. Other than that, nothing changed in 2010.    Mr. Horowitz. And I would just add on that, I think we would both take any opinion at this point, good or bad, because this is ongoing. We completely disagree on the legal issue. And certainly we've questioned why all of a sudden in 2010----