    Ms. Maloney. I thank the gentleman for yielding. And I would like to talk about another outage that was treated differently than one recently at the IRS, and that was one that many New Yorkers were concerned about. It concerned the New York Stock Exchange on July 9th of 2015, and a number of my constituents work there and suffered an outage that completely suspended all of financial trading for roughly 4 hours. And this committee sent letters to the SEC and to the Stock Exchange trying to understand the circumstances surrounding the outage. And they briefed our staff in July, and they told us that a software problem--it was basically a glitch--caused them to go offline in order to respond and to solve the problem.    Now, the Department of Homeland Security in response to questioning by this committee reported that there was no suspicious activity, and the FBI saw absolutely no reason for any type of enforcement action. And since the committee received those briefings, we saw no reason to hold a public hearing or to hold an investigation since everybody involved said that it was merely a glitch.    Yet we are going after the IRS today for a similar temporary and subsequently resolved website outage. And I just feel that there is a little bit of an unequal treatment, and I think we should not have unequal treatment. I mean, I will not suggest that the New York Stock Exchange should come in for a hearing. I am suggesting that we should not be having a hearing on a technical outage for any organization, and the IRS seems to be getting a little unequal treatment on this.    And I would like to elaborate, Mr. Milholland, to ask you about an incident earlier this month when portions of the IRS website were shut down for roughly 30 hours. And I understand that some members of Congress thought, and questioned, and rightfully so, I think, in the world we live in that it was a cyberattack. But the IRS briefed our staff earlier this week, and they told us that this was definitely not a cyberattack. They told us, in fact, that it was just a mechanical hardware failure similar to what happened at the Stock Exchange, a glitch, a hardware failure.    Now, is my description of what happened to the IRS somewhat correct?    Ms. Maloney. So this was not a failure of an IRS information system, but just the failure of a singular piece of mechanical equipment, correct?    Ms. Maloney. And can you describe what sort of hardware we are talking about?    Ms. Maloney. So mechanical failure, such as what the IRS experienced, is not unique to the IRS. It happens to many organizations. In fact, there was a highly publicized mechanical failure with the New York Stock Exchange which was similar. They went offline for a while to repair it. So I feel that there is a little bit of an unfair or unequal treatment, and maybe a little bit of a major focus on the IRS and questioning of the IRS for a long time that is not the same treatment that other organizations that handle a great number of filings experience. So I just wanted to point that out. The failures were very similar for the Stock Exchange and the IRS of mechanical equipment failure.    In any event, my time has expired, and thank you for your testimony today.