    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Chairman. Good afternoon, gentlemen. My question here is going to be directed to Mr. Rosenzweig and Mr. Salgado in that order. Please speak to the trends of users moving to encrypted services, often hosted overseas in order to seek privacy, and how this might make us less safe than if we had a clear framework in place. Do you understand my question?    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Mr. Salgado?    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Mr. Cook and Mr. Littlehale, I have 18 years of law enforcement behind me, prosecution, State and Federal level. And as far as I'm concerned, what I've seen here since I've been in Congress, and this is only my third term, the less Federal Government in my life, the better.    Basically what NSA has done, what the IRS, and there are many more that we could get into, the overreaching and what I think is criminality that has taken place in these agencies. But being a law enforcement guy, and I've prosecuted many child abuse cases and pornography cases, if the two of you can quickly tell me what the obstacle is to you and how we can fix that. Because I know in some investigations that I had, I didn't want the person who was looking at and transferring and uploading and downloading child pornography to know at this point of my investigation that he was the target or she was the target. Could you please respond?    Mr. Marino. What is the change that we can make? And Mr. Littlehale, you go, and then collectively tell me what the changes are that you would like to see.    Mr. Marino. My time has run out. Would the two of you please put in writing and get it to me what you think could be a remedy for this, and anyone else who wants to address that as well.    Listen, I am just as much a Fourth Amendment advocate as I am putting these people behind bars. And I wish I--no one should have to look at the photos of the kids that I've looked at and you've seen over the years and question as to why we need to have some delay before letting that person know that they're going to be arrested. I yield back. Thank you.