    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this important hearing reviewing some of the performance of the Federal Air Marshal Service.    Unfortunately, the FAMS, Federal Air Marshal Service, has had a recent history of a whole host of misconduct on a whole host of occasions. We have had the gun purchase scandal, the air marshal scheduling scandal, and allegations of cronyism and discrimination issues, air marshals dependent on drug and alcohol.    And you were brought in, Mr. Director Allison, when? Last year?    Mr. Mica. --to kind of clean things up.    And I think the chairman has been pretty complimentary on some of your efforts in trying to put some of that behind us, institute some corrective measures, and also hold people accountable. And part of this hearing was also to highlight your successes.    Unfortunately, the allegations and the problems still continue. As recently as, I am told, September 3, you informed the committee of an ongoing investigation--this is a new one--into solicitation of prostitutes. Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. And that is an ongoing investigation, correct?    Mr. Mica. In March, TSA began investigating a workers' compensation fraud case in the Chicago FAMS office. Allegedly, an air marshal claimed that he hurt his shoulder; however, I guess there are some videos and some other evidence disputing his claim.    So we have that case pending, too. Is that investigation underway or continuing?    Mr. Mica. Well, when we set up all the security measures after 9/11, we tried to have a layered system. We, first, dramatically expanded the air marshals. There were only a handful on the eve of 9/11, and we think that is an important element in a layered system.    We have gone from 16,500 screeners to some 46,000 screeners and almost 60,000 TSA employees. That is about right, isn't it, Ms. Book?    Mr. Mica. Yeah. Back in 2007, we had 30,000 screeners. And this was a leaked report; it was on CNN. And it said there is a 75-percent failure rate in the screeners' ability to detect explosive devices and other devices that could do harm. Then, most recently, we have had--I guess USA Today had a leaked report about a 95-percent failure rate. These are anecdotal to press reports.    Are you familiar, Mr. Allison and Ms. Book, with those reports?    Mr. Mica. So we built a system, we have increased the number of personnel from 16,000 to 30,000 for screeners, then to 46,000 currently for screeners. It has gotten worse, rather than better.    We have had a history of misconduct and problems with FAMS, which is a backup. Fortunately, we have thousands of airline pilots who have gone all the way to New Mexico, wherever they are trained, to arm themselves and also protect us.    But the layered system that FAMS is so important to fill part of that layer unfortunately still has some serious problems. Is that correct, Mr. Allison?    Mr. Mica. Well, it is not an opportunity when the reports we get--now, it is nice that you come to us and tell us about it, but it looks like we still have problems.    I haven't gotten into scheduling, and I would like you to provide the committee with some information that could be part of the record, either kept classified. I want to know about overseas flights and how many of those are covered. I am told you are not covering those overseas flights.    Almost every instance--Richard Reid, the liquid bombers, the diaper bomber--all of these people trying to do us harm are coming in or involve international flights, and you are not properly scheduling folks.    So I think that should be reported back to the committee, how many people you have on this and the problems that are not being aired publicly about our most at-risk flights and then our backup system with air marshals not operating the way it should.    I yield back.