    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all for your testimony. It has been very informative. A lot of my questions have been answered.    A quick question about trends in Africa. I was a part of a team at U.S. Africa Command running current operations there. And just your comments, we talked a little bit about Boko Haram, but AQAM and Al Shabaab, and the trends you are seeing with those organizations, and you know, there are plenty of ungoverned spaces that are potential--we have seen foreign fighters flow in and out in the past when many people weren't paying attention. So any comments on the trends going on in the rest of those organizations on the African Continent?    Ms. McSally. Thanks.    General Flynn. Briefly, because I know Bill has something to offer on this as well.    The negative is that it is rapidly growing. Okay, so it is getting worse, particularly those couple of areas that you just talked about. And the other part is, as Marc just highlighted, the breakdown of the nation-state, or the order of the nation-state, if you will, in parts of that region.    The positive is that there are countries that understand it and are trying to come to grips with it, and that is more down in the--you know, I mean, there is a number of them. These seven, I think it is seven countries that are trying to work against Boko Haram right now that have come together. There are some economies there, particularly down in the central and southern part of Africa that are good models for the rest of Africa, but the size of the population in the 15- to 30-year-old category of young men that have nothing better to do than to join these groups is probably the fastest growing population demographic on the planet today.    Ms. McSally. Exactly. Great, thank you.    And I yield back. I know we have got to go vote. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks for your time.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady, and thank you all for being here. As many topics as we got to today, we didn't get to everything.    I am sorry, Mr. Braniff, did you have something you wanted to add on that last point?