    Mr. Scire. Chairman Luetkemeyer, Ranking Member Cleaver, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to be here today to discuss our work involving the Rural Housing Service.    My statement focuses on issues involving program overlap, improper rental assistance payments, and management of the Farm Labor Housing Program, as well as preliminary observations from ongoing work, assessing risk management in RHS's Single Family Loan Guarantee Program.    In response to a statutory mandate, GAO has identified Federal programs or activities that are fragmented, overlapping, or duplicative. In our 2012 report, we included an analysis of housing programs and activities and reiterated a recommendation that Congress require USDA and HUD to examine the benefits and costs of merging these programs that serve similar markets and provide similar products.    Later in 2012, we identified opportunities to build on existing coordination efforts among the various agencies. For example, we recommended those efforts be expanded to include evaluating specific opportunities for consolidation that would require statutory change. Such an evaluation would be an important step in enhancing the efficiency and effectiveness of Federal support for housing.    Nonetheless, we recognize that consolidating programs carry certain implications for users, existing programs, personnel, portfolios, and associated information systems; thus, any evaluations would involve complex analyses, trade-offs, and difficult policy decisions.    Meanwhile, RHS needs to continue focusing on improving the management of its ongoing programs. In this regard, I can report that it has taken some important steps to address recommendations in our recent studies of rental assistance and farm labor housing.    With regard to the latter, RHS has improved the specificity of compliance review information it maintains in information systems. It has established deadlines for spending obligated funds. And it has sought authority to use the HHS new hires database to verify tenant income.    But it has not completed action on other important recommendations. For example, it could do more to use existing data to target assistance to areas of greatest need. It could better ensure that requirements for tenant eligibility are met across the Farm Labor Housing portfolio. And it could complete its efforts to establish the use of civil money penalties to better enforce program regulations.    In the area of rental assistance payments, RHS has sought authority to use the new hires database and taken other steps, but could do more to implement our recommendations. For example, it should seek OMB review of its move to a $100 threshold for considering a payment to be improper. It could also seek authority for using SSA benefits information.    Finally, we are currently looking at the management of the RHS loan guarantee program for single family loans for the subcommittee. Though this work is still under way, there are a few preliminary observations which I would like to highlight today.    It is important to know that RHS has in place policies and practices and key risk management functions, including underwriting, loan approval, and lender oversight. Also, RHS is taking steps to improve its risk management practices. For example, it is developing an econometric model for estimating program costs and is considering the appointment of a chief risk officer.    Nonetheless, there are some areas we are exploring where there may be more RHS can do to manage risk, for example, by better defining key benchmarks, establishing procedures for its credit policy committee, and documenting lines of authority and communication across its risk management structure.    As we complete our work, we will consider the need for recommendations addressing these and other issues. Looking forward, we are glad to help the subcommittee in its oversight of these important housing programs.    This concludes my opening remarks. Thank you again for the opportunity to speak today. And I would be glad to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Scire. What we did was look at program data from both RHS and FHA, including income for the borrowers and where the property is located. And that is what that number represents; it is the percentage of FHA borrowers who were in RHS-eligible--actually, the most rural RHS-eligible areas, and borrowers who also met the RHS income test.    Mr. Scire. I think that is uncertain. And I have not seen any data that would demonstrate what proportion of RHS borrowers would be unable to obtain an FHA-insured mortgage, for example.    So within the guaranteed program, it is less and less obvious with time that what RHS is offering is unique. The 3.5 percent downpayment is certainly something that distinguishes the RHS-guaranteed product from the FHA. And if I am a rural resident with lower income, I might want to go with the RHS product. But that doesn't mean that I couldn't get another product with a little downpayment.    Mr. Scire. There are some things that we--of course, our work is still ongoing. But the first thing we wanted to look at was to see what sort of policies and practices they have in place. And they do meet a lot of what you would expect for a credit program.    Mr. Scire. I would look very carefully at those estimates. I don't know whether that is an indicator of strength in the program--    Mr. Scire. That is less certain.    Mr. Scire. I think that the long-term costs of the program are uncertain.    Mr. Scire. The question was whether it was good or bad. And so, I would want to compare that with some other cohort to tell you whether or not it is relatively good or bad, so--    Mr. Scire. Absolutely.    Mr. Scire. Absolutely. When we talk about opportunities for consolidation and coordination, we are not necessarily assuming that the best practices are at FHA. Some of the better practices might be at the Rural Housing Service. But then, why wouldn't FHA take advantage of those?    But to get back to the question about comparative performance, the analysis has not been done yet that would hold constant some of the factors that could explain the loan performance you are seeing with RHS versus FHA. And that is one of the areas where we think actually some of the benchmarking RHS does can be improved. Because it is important to control, for example, when the loan was made, where it was made, and some other borrower characteristics. That might explain more of the differences you are seeing in loan performance than the operation of the RHS program.    Mr. Scire. I see the light is turning yellow. If I could?    Mr. Scire. There is a lot there. The task force is limited. It is not really looking at statutory changes that might be needed for doing further consolidation. So we think its charge could be expanded.    But I think what you heard just now is part of the dilemma--this notion that HUD is ``urban.'' HUD does far more in rural areas than does RHS. So HUD would deny the notion that they are solely focused on urban areas.    And the idea that there is a zero cost to this program remains to be seen. I would point out that there is a big difference here between the FHA and the USDA program, which is that FHA is required to maintain a reserve. So actually, it is more likely to have a zero cost than the Rural Housing Service.    But the first step in any of this process is to admit there is a possible problem here. And so I think it would be important for USDA and HUD to open up to the notion that there is overlap. And I look forward to them entertaining that idea.    Mr. Scire. Naturally.    Mr. Scire. Not always, no.    Mr. Scire. Yes. I am limiting my remarks there to the 502 Guarantee Program.    Mr. Scire. Yes.    Mr. Scire. No, I don't. I think that HUD would disagree with that assertion also. They see themselves as serving the entire country. So that is a distinction I think between the Rural Housing Service and HUD, that the Rural Housing Service is limited to the ``rural areas.'' In fact, much of the Nation--    Mr. Scire. I am not sure what ``lean urban'' means actually.    Mr. Scire. What we base it on is where they are. And actually, the work that they do and the products they offer are all across the country. And they are not as concentrated in rural areas, but they actually serve more borrowers in the single family guarantee space than does RHS.    Mr. Scire. No, that is not correct. HUD actually does have programs that are designed for rural areas.    Mr. Scire. Okay.    Mr. Scire. It is not the largest part of their portfolio, programs targeted to rural areas, but they do have some programs that are targeted to rural areas.    Mr. Scire. They don't work in the 502 program at all.    Mr. Scire. I am not sure what you are asking about, operating in the 502 program. They do operate a single family loan guarantee program which is very similar to the 502 Guaranteed Loan Program.    Mr. Scire. I just don't agree with the concept of leaning urban. And I don't think that HUD would agree with that. But clearly, HUD does operate in the same markets that USDA operates in terms of single family loan guarantees.    Mr. Scire. In the single family arena, one might ask the question, why isn't it that a lower-income household who wants to buy a home in an urban area shouldn't have access to the no-downpayment mortgage that the Rural Housing Service offers, for example.    In the multi-family arena, I think the programs are--there are a lot of similarities, but they are not quite as similar as in the single family arena. And here, RHS can offer a 1 percent loan for a builder to construct a building and have rental assistance with it too. So it really makes that property possible.    I am not so sure you could find those same kinds of provisions in an urban area.    Mr. Scire. It has the potential to streamline the operations of these programs. I think that it is also important that you carefully look at whatever change you might decide upon so that it wouldn't have a detrimental effect on those with the greatest need.    So I don't think that necessarily reducing the number of programs somehow must have a negative effect on those who are served.    Mr. Scire. It all depends on how this is designed. But again, I think the first step is recognizing that there is some overlap here and there are some opportunities. And that is why we recommended that these task forces be expanded to include looking at those things requiring statutory change.    Mr. Scire. I agree that those task forces have focused more on how to improve processes. And I think that over time, that will result in benefits as a consequence. But they are not focusing on opportunities for consolidation.    I think what will happen over time is that as these programs become more and more alike, because of this alignment of processes and so forth, it will make the transition a little easier. But I really--they are not focusing--the part of the charter is not to focus on these opportunities that would require statutory changes.    Mr. Scire. There could be a lot of reasons. Some are because of processing, that a payment is made that is incorrect. But the focus typically is more on the calculation of what the payment should be. And there it is important to understand and verify the tenant's income. Because the payments on rental assistance, for example, are based in part on the tenant's income.    Mr. Scire. There is more that it can do. And it has begun exploring hiring a contractor to go after some of these improper payments. It is a real challenge. Because each payment may not be that great, but there may be lots of them.    Ms. Waters. That is all I want to hear.    Sir, how does consolidation help?    Mr. Scire. Well, consolidation would make this delivery system more efficient.    Ms. Waters. You have not said anything.    Mr. Scire. And so--    Ms. Waters. Tell me what you mean.    Mr. Scire. --for USDA, I think that how you consolidate makes a big difference as to whether it could help or hurt. And so there is a way to do this where it can actually have USDA provide greater focus on where the greatest need is.    Ms. Waters. Okay. You are in front of a committee now of people who care about these issues. Tell us how you do that?    Mr. Scire. We haven't done the analysis to tell you exactly how to do it.    Ms. Waters. Of course you haven't.    Mr. Scire. But I can easily imagine where you would have--    Ms. Waters. No, no, no. No imagination today. Facts.    Mr. Scire. --where you would want USDA to focus--    Ms. Waters. I can imagine a lot of things.    Mr. Scire. --its direct guarantee program--    Ms. Waters. Just one moment.    Mr. Scire. --as it is, the guarantee program is--    Ms. Waters. How does consolidation help rural housing? Don't give me your imagination. Give me some facts.    Mr. Scire. The fact is that if USDA were able to focus more on those areas of greatest need, consolidation could actually--    Mr. Scire. We haven't gotten data on that. But we haven't asked for it, either.    Mr. Scire. They serve the same customers.    Mr. Scire. I think what we haven't seen is--    Mr. Scire. We are hearing a little bit of a fantasy here, that there are differences in the customers who are served between FHA and the Rural Housing Service in terms of single family. What we saw was that the FHA is in rural areas. They are serving the same income base.    What we don't know and what USDA does not know is how many of the borrowers it has could qualify for an FHA-insured mortgage. So is there really something needed here that they are offering--and I am just talking single-family guaranteed right now. And RHS can't tell you that statistic because it doesn't know.    And so that is what we are trying to get at here. And I agree they should start out with, how can you serve housing needs first? But you have to begin at the basis of understanding who you are serving. And I think there is a bit of a denial going on here as to who RHS is serving.    The storefront notion, by the way, is a bit of a fantasy, as well. Borrowers who are trying to get an RHS-guaranteed loan and an FHA-guaranteed loan are going to the same place. They are not necessarily going to a USDA office. The direct single family is different. The multi-family is different. I don't advocate one, and GAO does not have the answer to how to do this. We think the agencies should take a serious look at opportunities for consolidation. Right now, they are not.    Mr. Scire. This is part of the reason why we make a recommendation for them to look at opportunities. Because there is somewhat of a legacy here, where RHS used to have far more of its activity in direct lending, which does require a lot of personnel. But they are moving more and more and more toward guaranteed lending, just like FHA. You require fewer people to do that.    Mr. Scire. Yes, I thought so up until this moment. I think that all our recommendations should be implemented, not just some. So I--    Mr. Scire. Yes, absolutely.    Mr. Scire. We have the same objective here. And that is how to improve the way government works. I think that we are a little less parochial, and so we can look across agencies and see where there are opportunities. And that is where we think that it is time to take a more serious look at those possibilities.