    Mr. Landry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Madam Ranking Member, for the opportunity to address this Committee on one aspect of a public crisis of our time, and that is illegal immigration. As Louisiana's chief legal officer, I am committed to ensuring the rule of law is followed by everyone.    Like each of you, I took an oath to defend the Constitution, and I intend to uphold it. Unfortunately, sanctuary city policies undermine our justice system and our national security. As I am sure you agree, government's most important function is for providing and securing the safety of her citizens.    Sanctuary policies not only jeopardize the ability to protect our citizens, but they also allow illegals to commit crimes, then roam free in our communities. It has been reported that cities with sanctuary policies have seen an increase in crime. One sanctuary city, Los Angeles, saw all crimes rise in 2015. Violent crimes was up 20 percent; homicides up 10 percent; shootings victims up almost 13 percent; rapes up almost 9 percent; robberies up 12 percent; and aggravated assaults up 27 percent.    What is more, ICE recently reviewed that over 1,800 illegals released by sanctuary cities were later rearrested almost 4,300 times, committing almost 7,500 new crimes, including rape and child sex abuse.    Sanctuary policies encourage further illegal immigration and waste much-needed public resources as they force the Federal Government to find and arrest deportable criminals already taken into custody by local law enforcement.    This spring, I advocated for legislation in Louisiana that would have increased public safety by incentivizing the government--government agencies to follow the law. Because of this effort, Lafayette Parish is no longer a sanctuary city parish. As of late Friday, the city of New Orleans has changed its policy allowing NOPD to now allegedly cooperate with Federal authorities.    By shining a bright light on this dangerous procedure, this Committee has already provided a catalyst for change. Let me be clear: I am not trying to become the immigration police. Between catching child predators, rooting out public corruption, and fighting Federal overreach, I have more than enough to do. But I am here today to push for a change because the Administration has not only decided not to enforce the law, but they also have used their power to coerce local jurisdictions in my State to institute sanctuary city policies.    In the great city of New Orleans, the Justice Department entered into a consent decree with the city that mandated that its police officers not make inquiries into an individual's immigration status or assist ICE unless there is a warrant or court order issued.    As a former police officer and sheriff's deputy, I find it unconscionable that criminals who are in our country illegally cannot be held unless a--until a warrant or a court order is issued. After all, American citizens can be stopped on reasonable suspicion, arrested on probable cause, and may not see a judge for 2 to 3 days. Illegal immigrants should not be given a greater right than we afford our own citizens.    After hearing testimony in the statehouse in Louisiana that the Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Justice, mandated that the city of New Orleans adopt a sanctuary city policy as part of the consent decree, I wrote a letter to Attorney General Loretta Lynch asking for clarification. The response that this Committee and I received was a lengthy non-answer that we have unfortunately come to expect from the Administration.    However, a recent report by the DOJ's own inspector general confirmed that sanctuary jurisdictions violate Federal law by prohibiting communication with ICE officials. Furthermore, it explicitly declared that local jurisdictions comply with all Federal laws in order to receive Federal grants. All the while, the Administration has been rewarding sanctuary cities with hundreds of millions of dollars of Federal tax money.    I was criticized by the Governor of Louisiana and the mayor for allegedly jeopardizing State funding with the legislation that I supported. The truth is that the U.S. DOJ's mandated policy upon the city is what is jeopardizing their funding. Besides fiscal and legal issues, there are homeland security issues. Due to sanctuary city policies, foreign terrorists, such as members of ICE, have the ability to travel to a sanctuary city, commit a minor offense, and remain protected from being identified. And in the current environment, why would we discourage cooperation between State and local law enforcement?    Reducing crime and saving lives are not a partisan issue. In fact, politics never came up when I met with the family of St. John the Baptist Parish fire chief, Spencer Chauvin's family. Chief Chauvin was killed last month in the greater New Orleans area by an illegal alien with a lengthy criminal background who was in our country. The questions were not Republican or Democrat, conservative or liberal. This grieving family simply asked one thing that this Committee, Congress, and the Administration should absolutely answer: Why do we have to wait for illegals to victimize our citizens in a violent manner before deporting them?    And I pose to you an even humbler one: Why cannot the State--why cannot State and Federal law enforcement work collaboratively to prevent these types of actions?    Honorable Members, we need sound immigration policy that begins with securing the border and enforcing the immigration laws already on the books. Congress must act to support those of us at the State and local level who have been fighting these reckless sanctuary city policies.    I am proud that our efforts exposing the actions of DOJ and the city of New Orleans have resulted in substantive changes with the city's policy. Because of the efforts we made in Louisiana, our State no longer has any jurisdictions prohibiting them from communicating with Federal immigration authorities. Today, Louisiana is safer because of these changes. Thank you very much, and I look forward to answering any of your questions.    Mr. Landry. I believe that, prior to the substantive changes that they made, it absolutely violated Federal law. The question is whether or not in practice the new changes will remedy that situation.    You know, what we have in the country is basically two types of sanctuary city policies. It is either a ``don't ask'' policy or ``don't tell.'' What the current New Orleans city--what the prior policy was, prior to the change, was both, both a ``don't ask'' and ``don't tell.'' Now the question is whether or not they--they seem to have remedied the ``don't tell'' portion of that policy, but it doesn't seem that they have made any changes in the ``don't ask'' portion.    Mr. Landry. Absolutely. We are going to try to take it upon ourselves to go out and let all law enforcement officers around the State know exactly what 1373 states and how they can avoid violating that statute.    Mr. Landry. I do.    Mr. Landry. Well, again, it sends a terrible one. I think that is part of the demise of our criminal justice system and the reason that we have an uptick in crime across the country. When we allow people to flagrantly violate any law and then we just turn a blind eye to it, all that does is lead to those people committing additional crimes and thinking it is okay to break the law.    Mr. Landry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Landry. Implementing the policies of sanctuary----    Mr. Landry. Absolutely not. I mean, it is a danger to public safety. And what happens is it actually--you know, when you have--most of these cities are very large cities and you have a very large metropolitan footprint. What happens is it draws, it creates a magnet, a draw for illegal aliens as a sanctuary area for them to operate. It also creates an opportunity for--if you are a member of the drug cartel in Mexico, where would you send those people who are plying your illegal trade? You would send them into those cities, because the ability for those members to be identified is reduced because of the sanctuary city policies.    Mr. Landry. Well, certainly the substantive changes that they made on Friday is a step in the right direction. I think that going ahead and clarifying it and then actually determining whether or not there will be a collaborative effort to crack down on illegal immigration, especially those that are in custody that NOPD has arrested and identifies them, is yet to be seen.    Mr. Landry. I believe they have to have extreme collaboration. I believe that, you know, based upon some of the U.S. Supreme Court's holding, that Congress needs to clarify exactly how law enforcement agents may engage in those types of questioning. And then, of course, implementing 1373 is certainly a step in the right direction, making sure that law enforcement agents know that they can ask and they can communicate with ICE in order to get those violent criminals off the street and deportable.    Mr. Landry. Let me clarify that. That was a misunderstanding, Congressman Richmond. The metropolitan area becomes--as a whole, invites illegal immigrants into that particular area, because, again, they feel the need, the ability to travel freely. Again, when you look at not only the actual city that implements the policies, it affects the surrounding areas.    Just last weekend in the Lafayette metropolitan area, we had an elderly man get hit head-on by an illegal immigrant, who, again, had been arrested multiple times and yet was not deportable. So here we have another family losing another loved one in an area which had--previously had a sanctuary city policy.    Mr. Landry. In Louisiana, I believe the employment of an illegal is not a criminal offense, it is a civil matter.    Mr. Landry. Yeah, absolutely. You know, Congressman, you are right, we have a great working relationship and I certainly respect you. And, yes, I intend to uphold the rule of law regardless.    You know, I would also mention that the sanctuary city legislation that we put forth in the State house just this year passed the State house with large bipartisan support. I think everyone is recognizing that this is a public safety debacle and that this is a first step in ensuring that our communities are safe.    Mr. Landry. I do. I agree with that.    Mr. Landry. I agree. You know, just placing the type of language that has been put in the consent decree dealing with immigration frustrates the law.    Mr. Landry. Well, again, it is concerning that the Department of Justice would go in and basically insert this type of language in a consent decree that had nothing to do with immigration or illegal immigration policies or enforcement of that by local law enforcement in the city. Again, I think that that language frustrates the entire consent decree.    Mr. Landry. That is correct--I--absolutely. In fact, you can make an argument that everyone who has been a victim or lost a loved one to someone who has been in this country illegally has lost that loved one simply because we fail to enforce existing law.    Mr. Landry. I do. I agree with that.    Mr. Landry. I would be glad to put on a workshop in all 49 other States.    Mr. Landry. Sir?    Mr. Landry. A criminal case?    Mr. Landry. Not since being--not until being attorney general.    Mr. Landry. We do.    Mr. Landry. The State of Louisiana.    Mr. Landry. That is correct, yes, sir.    Mr. Landry. Only because they would be afraid of the suspect.    Mr. Landry. I believe if a person is victimized, they would be--they would report it regardless of that, but we have seen--look, as a former law enforcement officer, I have seen many communities, especially when you get into the poorer communities, that they are suspect of law enforcement altogether, regardless of their immigration status.    Mr. Landry. That is correct. That is exactly. We are choosing between which laws we will follow and which laws we will allow to be broken.    Mr. Landry. You would have to ask them. I wouldn't engage in that type of activity.    Mr. Landry. That is correct.    Mr. Landry. That--it would be.    Mr. Landry. She finally did respond to me some months later with basically a nonanswer.    Mr. Landry. Unfortunately, I have had to answer that question in Louisiana here lately, and the best way I answer them is that our system in this country is broken.    Mr. Landry. I am asking New Orleans to follow Federal law, like I would ask----    Mr. Landry . All of the citizens of New Orleans.    Mr. Landry. No. I have been asking for the State to withholds funds from New Orleans for violating Federal law.