    Chairman Chaffetz. The committee will come to order.    I thank everybody for joining us here today. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We are here today to continue a discussion that began a few weeks ago at a joint subcommittee hearing about the President's executive actions on immigration. I want to thank the subcommittee chairmen, particularly Ron DeSantis and Jim Jordan, for starting the committee's review of the new immigration apprehension policies that Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson announced on November 20th of the year 2014. We now have a better understanding of the various ways those policies may undermine local law enforcement efforts to protect the public.    Today we are going to followup with questions for the newly confirmed Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ICE, Ms. Sarah Saldana, and about how ICE will actually enforce the immigration laws and how their enforcement posture will affect public policy.    We want to particularly thank the men and women who do the hard job and work within ICE. They put their lives on the line every day and we are very grateful for their service, and we are thankful for your service and participation here today.    This hearing is important because it allows us to determine whether non-citizens who committed serious offenses will be apprehended, detained, and then ultimately removed per the promise that the President of the United States gave the American people.    The President's executive actions will have two very different effects on approximately 11 million non-citizens unlawfully present in the United States. Through Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, or DAPA, as it is referred to, the Administration intends to provide benefits to about five million otherwise unlawfully present in the Country.    Earlier this month, the subcommittees conducted a hearing focused on how these executive actions may make it easier for these individuals to register to vote illegally. Just this past Tuesday, the subcommittees examined the fiscal costs of these actions to the Federal and State Governments.    Secretary Johnson's November 20th, 2014, announcement will also have an effect on others unlawfully present in the United States. In essence, it will provide de facto amnesty for many of the remaining six million non-citizens unlawfully present in the United States who are not directly covered by DACA or DAPA. Unless these individuals fall within the carefully circumscribed categories, their removal will not be a priority for Department of Homeland Security.    But the core reason we are here today, even under the immigration policies that predated that announcement, convicted criminals who are unlawfully present in the United States have been released in staggering numbers. And this I simply just don't understand. The President, the Secretary, the Administration, time and again has promised the American people that if you are convicted, if you are a criminal, you are going to be deported. But that is not what is happening.    According to ICE, 36,007 convicted criminal non-citizens were released in Fiscal Year 2013. In the year 2014 that number is roughly 30,000. More than 60,000 people. These are people that are here illegally, committed a crime, were convicted, and then they were released back into the public, rather than being deported. That is the question that is posed to us today.    Of the 36,007 individuals from the year 2013, not too long ago, they amassed nearly 88,000 convictions--not accusations, convictions--including 193 homicide convictions, 426 sexual assault convictions, 303 kidnaping convictions, 16,070 drunken or drugged driving convictions. Convictions.    As of September 2014, 5,700 of those individuals went on to commit another crime. They are here illegally, they get caught, they get convicted, they get released, they go back and commit another crime. One thousand of those individuals were convicted again for offenses including lewd acts with a child under the age of 14, indecent liberty with a child, child cruelty, possible injury or death, driving while intoxicated.    I can't even imagine being a parent and having my child molested by somebody who is here illegally. The President promises he is going to be deported and they didn't. They released them back out. And I want to know from ICE why that is. It is intolerable. I could never look the parents of those children in the face with what has been done here.    The joint subcommittee heard compelling testimony from two family members of victims of these types of criminals. In January of this year, 21-year-old Grant Ronnebeck was murdered while working at a convenience store in Mesa, Arizona by a non-citizen unlawfully present in the United States. Prior to Grant's death, his murderer, Apolinar Altamirano, was facing deportation proceedings after being convicted of burglary, but released on a $10,000 bond just 4 days after his detention in 2013.    In March 2008, Jamiel Shaw was a 17-year-old high school football star in Los Angeles, California, when he was murdered by Pedro Espinoza, an illegal immigrant gang member who had been released from jail just 2 days before after serving time for assault with a deadly weapon. They released him back into the public.    While the Department of Homeland Security was invited to testify at that previous hearing, they declined. And I think it is important for the Department representative to hear and see from the American people those lives that are directly impacted by these policies.    We put together a very brief video which is a highlight from the last hearing, and I would like to play that now, if I could, please.    Chairman Chaffetz. I don't know how you look into the eye of Mr. Shaw. Our heart bleeds for somebody like that. The person is here illegally. Are there good people that are here that probably shouldn't be here? Yes, I am sure there are. But we are talking about the criminal aliens. We are talking about people that are convicted of violent crimes. And instead of being picked up and deported, as the President promised, that person was put back out on the street and committed murder.    I am going to ask unanimous consent to enter into the record 1,000 of these convictions. This is a list, it is numbered 1 to a 1,000, a breakdown of subsequent convictions--subsequent convictions--associated with criminal aliens placed in non-custodial setting. And this is just the Fiscal Year 2013.    Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. It is not difficult to imagine that people like Mr. Ronnebeck and Mr. Shaw often wonder if their loved ones would still be here today if our immigration enforcement laws were enforced.    Secretary's Johnson's November 20th announcement exposes the American people to even greater danger. In his November 20th, 2014 guidance, Secretary Johnson set forth three levels for priorities for immigration enforcement. The top priority for deportation was listed as terrorists, spies, and other threats to national security; those apprehended at the border and ports; some criminal street gang members; and certain aliens convicted of felonies.    While these should be priorities for deportation, the agency is no longer considering as the top priority for apprehension aliens who have been convicted of certain misdemeanors, including sexual abuse or exploitation, drug distribution or trafficking, burglar, firearms offenses, driving under the influence, domestic violence.    Talk about a war on women. This is not a priority for this Administration. This is not a tier one priority according to Homeland Security. These are offenses that also endanger our communities and affect a much larger number of Americans in a very personal way. Many criminals, including some that Congress has Stated should be subject to mandatory detention, are not listed as a priority for removal at all.    While Secretary Johnson's November 20th, 2014 prioritization guidelines dictate that ``due to limited resources, DHS and its components cannot respond to all immigration violations or remove all persons illegally in the United States,'' the Department does not appear to be using all the resources it has available to enforce the immigration laws.    According to statistics from ICE reviewed by the Center for Immigration Studies, from 2009 to 2014, there was almost a 60 percent decline in annual deportations. In other words, while 2009 ICE deported more than 236,000 individuals from the interior of the United States, in 2014 ICE deported around 1,224.    The number of criminals deported from the interior declined by 21 percent between 2013 and 2014. It went from 110,115 down to 86,923. Further, Congress provided ICE with funding for 34,000 detention beds and mandated those beds be filled. According to a review of ICE records, however, the average daily population of detainees has declined every year since Fiscal Year 2012. As of January 2015, the average daily detainee population was 25,480, the lowest level since 2006, when the bed mandate was at 20,800.    I have seen firsthand the hard work of the people within Customs and Border Patrol and ICE. I can't thank them enough for their good work. But we are not fulfilling the mission that was promised by the President of the United States. I think this body is committed to making sure that criminal aliens are deported, and that is why we are having this hearing here today.    I have gone well past my time. We will now recognize the gentleman from Maryland, the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will hold the record open for five legislative days for any member who would like to submit a written Statement.    We will now recognize our sole witness today. I am pleased to welcome the Honorable Sarah Saldana, Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Welcome.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn before they testify, so if you would please stand and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. You may be seated.    We try to hold the testimony to 5 minutes, but we will give you some latitude. Your entire written comments will be entered into the record.    You are now recognized. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Madam Director, if you are a criminal, will you be deported?    Chairman Chaffetz. But they have been in your detention. They have been detained. They were convicted. Were they deported?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, that is not true. I mean, you regularly release them back out into the public before they get deported, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Our time is all limited.    How many criminal convicted aliens were released under the discretionary authority of ICE?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you don't automatically deport them, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, you have discretion. You have discretion. You have a lot of discretion. You said half of them you have discretion.    Chairman Chaffetz. So when you say, if you are a criminal, you will be deported, that is not necessarily true.    Chairman Chaffetz. After they get released back into the public for untold number of times?    Chairman Chaffetz. What does happen, they get released?    Chairman Chaffetz. But you could have deported them. You could have deported them, correct? And you chose not to.    Chairman Chaffetz. No. You have discretion. That is not what the President of the United States said. He said if you are a criminal, you will be deported. That is not true.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. And that is what is the total disconnect. Do you believe that somebody who is convicted of domestic violence, sexual abuse, or exploitation, burglary, unlawful possession, use of a firearm, drug distribution, drunk driving, are those dangerous?    Chairman Chaffetz. And yet they are your priority too; they are not even your top priority.    Chairman Chaffetz. But they are not your top priority. Let me ask you this. This is the weekly departure detention report from ICE dated January 26, 2015, and in that report it says there are 167,527 non-detained, final order convicted criminals on the loose in the United States, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. But that is what you are doing. That is what is happening. Your budget request requested less beds, not more beds. You could have detained these people. And the President promised the American people he would deport them, and he is not.    Chairman Chaffetz. Don't be blaming all the courts. You have discretion on this and you have made some very, very bad decisions. It is inexcusable to have somebody who has been convicted of these crimes and not immediately deport them. The parents that we listened to there, why were these people--these persons are convicted and they go out and they murder people. I listed off all the statistics.    My time has expired, but don't tell me that it is just the courts and you are mandated by law to do this. You have 167,000 convicted criminals who are here illegally that should be deported that are on your list, and you better give us an explanation about how you are going to round those people up and immediately get them deported. I don't think you have a game plan to do that.    Chairman Chaffetz. What is your plan to do that? And then I will yield to the ranking member.    Chairman Chaffetz. These people were already in your possession and you let them go. They were already sitting in jail and you let them go.    Chairman Chaffetz. So you are telling me because they have a medical condition, you are going to release them back out into the public?    My time is far expired.    I will now recognize Ms. Plaskett from the Virgin Islands. You are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    We now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Go ahead and answer that question, but we will need to move to the next.    Chairman Chaffetz. And I would remind the gentleman that the Democrats had the House, the Senate, and the presidency the first year, 2 years of the Obama Administration, and they didn't even introduce a bill dealing with immigration. And I would also remind the gentleman who was in the 112th Congress, that we actually passed a bill that I sponsored. I am grateful for the broad bipartisan work. It went over to the Senate and Harry Reid decided never to pull it up; otherwise, I think we would have helped this problem.    We will now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Let me just mention year after year the budget request, with this year being the first time the budget request in the Administration keeps going down. So to say that you want to be able to do this and that you need more resources, but the budget does not reflect that is just inconsistent.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure, sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. Each year, with the 2016 budget request being the exception, 2012, reduction in funding by $53 million; 2013, reduction by $91 million; 2015 was a reduction in funding by $155 million.    If you could get back to us on the record on this. It doesn't make sense because I always here from law enforcement, oh, we wish we could, we wish we could. But then when we look at the requests, less and less beds. That was the request.    Let me recognize Mr. Mica here for a unanimous consent request.    Chairman Chaffetz. All right, without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. We wanted to make sure that if you wanted to say anything else about the budget request, that you had an opportunity to do so.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We now recognize the gentlewoman from Michigan for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    Members are advised that we have a vote on the floor. We are going to recognize Mr. Hice for 5 minutes and then the intention is to go into recess. We do not anticipate being back here any sooner than 25 minutes before the hour, so other members are advised to vote on the floor. We are going to recognize Mr. Hice for 5 minutes and then go into recess.    Chairman Chaffetz. What is a reasonable timeline?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, to provide the information that he is asking for.    Chairman Chaffetz. Fair enough. Fair enough. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. The committee will stand in recess. We will reconvene no sooner than 10:35, depending on the length of the votes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The committee will come to order.    We are now going to recognize the ranking member. I believe we had a followup question just prior to going into recess, and then after that question we will recognize the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. OK, go ahead.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Florida, the chairman of the Subcommittee on National Security, Mr. DeSantis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Wait, wait, wait. My bad. I did not recognize Eleanor Holmes Norton, who is the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. It is her turn to go first, and then we will recognize the gentleman from Georgia.    Chairman Chaffetz. Now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Hurd, for 5 minutes.