    Ms. Ganzer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the opportunity to be here today. In my role as the Director of Conventional Arms Threat Reduction, I am the head of delegation for the Wassenaar Arrangement writ large for the United States. So I was in the chair for the United States when the control was adopted and agreed to on behalf of the United States. I was not responsible, specifically, in the room when it was negotiated. The administration has an integrated team of members from the interagency generally, including the Commerce and Defense Departments; Homeland Security may be there; Energy may be there; depending on what issue is being negotiated. But the administration and an integrated team negotiated these controls. And, so, there would have been an integrated team that agreed to the specifics.    I would note that the control was intended to capture purpose-built suites of operated control--operator controlled software that extract--are designed to extract data from a system, modify a system or its data, or modify the system to execute a malicious operator's instructions without the systems owner's knowledge. That was what we intended to control, and that is what we thought we controlled. So the reaction from our industry colleagues here was quite a prize to us. And we continue to work the issue within the administration to--to do no harm, as some of the members mentioned in their statements. Thank you.    Ms. Ganzer. Sir, the industry knows what they are doing. So, absolutely. Many of the comments were very serious, went into very detailed analysis of the proposed rule, many proposed exceptions or different ways that we could address some of their concerns, and many of them were amplified, or reiterated through the process of meetings that the Department of Commerce hosted, in which I and several members of my team attended to listen to these concerns from industry.    So, absolutely, they--they were, in many cases, right on the mark, and we are taking them very seriously.    Ms. Ganzer. Thank you for that question. That's a difficult one to answer. As Mr. Van Diepen has already indicated, export controls are most effective when they are multilateral. And so this is why we work through organizations like the Wassenaar Arrangement when we establish controls, because, first of all, 41 members of the Wassenaar Arrangement, including many of our allies who developed this sophisticated technology, commit to the controls in the Wassenaar Arrangement, and there are a number of other countries that unilaterally adhere to the Wassenaar Arrangement controls.    So we do capture a good portion of the market by establishing controls in a multilateral form like the Wassenaar Arrangement.    Ms. Ganzer. It--just to clarify, it was a proposed rule. Nothing has actually been implemented yet. But indeed, since we did not intend to capture many of the scenarios that were--were presented to us by industry, this is something that we need to fix, and we are working interagency, analyzing the comments, following up with them to determine what our next steps forward will be.    Ms. Ganzer. Well, first and foremost, we have not yet determined whether we need to do that. The interagency continues to work that issue. So saying we are going to go back and negotiate would be premature. But I would note that the Wassenaar Arrangement operates by consensus. All 41 members will have to agree, and 31 members have already implemented this control. So that is--we are also looking at how other countries are controlling this or have implemented it, and that will all be taken into account in the administration's decision on what we will do going forward when we--when we get there.    Ms. Ganzer. There's--thank you for the question, Congressman. There's an established process by which we share this information with the Commerce Department technical advisory committees who are made up of industry. I actually think it might be more appropriate----    Ms. Ganzer. Absolutely.    Ms. Ganzer. Much as Assistant Secretary Wolf said, by the time they came in, no. But when we first started this process, yes. Because we had thought, based on the comments from our Wassenaar partners, that we had negotiated a rather narrow control. Thank you.    Ms. Ganzer. As I said, ultimately, it's my responsibility, Congressman, but, in fact, this had to be agreed across the administration. We all agreed to the control before we said okay.    Ms. Ganzer. 31.    Ms. Ganzer. Yes.    Ms. Ganzer. If I had the information I had today, clearly, we would have probably renegotiated this differently. But given the information I had then, I would have made the same decisions.    Ms. Ganzer. The Wassenaar Arrangement works on an annual cycle where final decisions are not made until December, but proposals are due in--in March and are debated throughout the year.    Ms. Ganzer. We don't have one under discussion right now. I'm not aware of one. If we agree to one that we are working to implement, I would have to--I would have to take that question back. I don't know, sir.    Ms. Ganzer. Absolutely.