    Mr. McGuire. Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Rush, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify this morning. AHAM's membership includes more than 150 companies throughout the world, and employs tens of thousands of people in the United States. Our members produce more than 95 percent of the household appliances shipped for sale in this country. I don't think there is any disagreement at this table that the appliance standards and Energy Star programs have been successful.    Energy efficiency gains across core major appliance categories are dramatic and undeniable. For example, the most commonly purchased modern refrigerator uses the same amount of electricity as a 50-watt light bulb. A new clothes washer uses 73 percent less energy than it did in 1990 and half the water.    I also want to make very clear that our industry has been a strong supporter of these programs and has been involved in numerous rulemakings and legislative solutions to strengthen and improve the programs. In 1987, I personally led the 200-plus organizations that initiated and supported the National Appliance Energy Conservation Act. We strongly support a system of Federal standards and State preemption, and we do not propose a rollback of any standards.    But while these programs are both successful, they are both in need of modernization to recognize the success achieved and to establish a framework for policies and programs focused on meaningful additional efficiency gains. Yes, there should still be Federal standards that guarantee energy savings nationwide, by absent technological breakthroughs, a process geared towards continually ratcheting up efficiency standards, particularly for products that have already been subject to multiple revisions, does not make sense for the environment, the consumer, or the economy. But this will not happen under the current standards construct.    Reform legislation is needed. H.R. 8 is a practical step along that path offering modest, sensible changes to EPCA that will essentially require DOE to follow the regulatory procedures it had agreed to with the very organizations that advocated for EPCA reform in 1987, but more is needed. Today, AHAM is calling on Congress to take further steps to modernize our national energy efficiency law by ending mandatory serial rulemaking and permitting amended standards only when justified by quantifiable metrics, including a list of covered products for which no further rulemaking is needed, absent technological game changers; requiring DOE to meaningfully consider cumulative regulatory burden on product manufacturers; mandating procedures regarding transparency and public engagement, no more black box analyses; applying the Administrative Procedure Act to the Energy Star program.    There have been more than 30 standards and amendments that apply to the AHAM products under the program, and there have also been numerous test procedure revisions accompanying these standards. The reality is, though, that for many product categories, the relentless march of sequential rulemakings is not justified. That is because opportunities for additional energy savings beyond those already achieved are severely diminished as products are nearing maximum efficiency under technology. Further standards are likely to increase cost to consumers and manufacturers beyond an acceptable level, and for some products, reduced energy use will likely result in degraded performance and functionality.    We saw this in the flawed proposed dishwasher rule last year whose consumer payback period exceeded the product's life and resulted in products that could not clean dishes. DOE, to its credit, retracted the proposal, but it shouldn't take a national uproar for this to happen. The rule never should have been proposed.    As for Energy Star, the program has drifted from its original mission of energy efficiency into other areas beyond its expertise and authority. This drift must be considered in concert with the reality that the success of the program has essentially made it mandatory in the marketplace.    Congress needs to bring this program under the much more traditional procedures and specific criteria of the Administrative Procedures Act, which applies to virtually every other program EPA administers. It is also important that Congress make clear that Energy Star is about energy efficiency only, not about EPA's ideas regarding quality, functionality, sustainability, other nonenergy factors.    Our ultimate objective is to improve the U.S. regulatory environment in measurable ways that foster fair, more predictable, more open, and more efficient regulatory landscape. As an industry, we will continue to live up to our responsibility to provide consumers with life-enhancing products that deliver superior performance and energy environmental benefits. Our industry is very competitive, which drives not only innovation, but also reduce product costs through hundreds of millions of dollars in productivity improvements. That is why home appliance prices don't keep up with the CPI, not because of appliance standards.    Productivity investments hide the fact that changing product design and materials to meet energy standards adds costs. Implying that the huge efforts in time and capital investments to achieve productivity somehow make energy efficiency free is a great misunderstanding.    Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, in summary, we call on Congress to modernize EPCA so that it addresses current circumstances by recognizing the diminishing energy savings opportunities for many products, evaluating cumulative regulatory burden and the actual impact of past rules in improving transparency in stakeholder engagement. Thank you for the opportunity to testify. I will be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. McGuire. We would agree with that, Mr. Chairman, and actually, that process that you are describing used to be used by the Department of Energy where manufacturers would have an opportunity to test a product under a new standard, or to even employ a new test procedure before you could determine whether a standard was appropriate.    But what we have seen in the last several years is because so many rulemakings are going on at the same time, that DOE has not been able to go through this very thorough process of let's do a test procedure and make sure that works. A test can be repeatable and reproducible before we set a standard so that companies can see if you can test a product. It is very--manufacturers spend an enormous amount of resources on compliance to these standards. The testing is very complicated.    Mr. McGuire. These products are more sophisticated than they used to be, so you want to get that right. You don't want to----    Mr. McGuire . Mess that up. And what has happened is the process has become conflated, and it is very difficult to understand what is happening sometimes.    Mr. McGuire. No.    Mr. McGuire. Not at all. We are supporters of the program----    Mr. McGuire. Yes, we are----    Mr. McGuire. The industry can comply, but the problem is it takes a certain amount of time to do that. And the EPA decisions, proposals on refrigerants is not being coordinated with DOE on the efficiency standards with the vast majority of greenhouse gas emission avoidance benefits come from the appliance standards not producing the changing the refrigerants.    We have to deal with the fact that the safety standards in the U.S. do not allow the type of refrigerants we have to go to yet in the amounts necessary. That requires a safety risk assessment test that companies are doing. So it takes an amount of time, sequence and investment for this to happen. And it would be prudent for the two agencies to talk about this and reach a decision that makes sense for the environment and for the people that are making these products.    Mr. McGuire. We do not believe the DOE has done a proper analysis to the cumulative regulatory burden on manufacturers when they are doing their appliance efficiency standards, because they are not taking into account the costs in investments that are made for previous versions that haven't been recouped, as well as investments that have to be made in alternative refrigerants.    Mr. McGuire. Well the proposed dishwasher standard from last year, first of all, it required a 20-year payback to the consumer for a product with useful life was 13 years. It reduced the amount of water that a dishwasher uses in a cycle from five gallons to three. And the proposed rule did not go through any type of performance or consumer testing before it was issued, we did not get a chance to do that, we normally do in these rulemakings. So----    Mr. McGuire. DOE just didn't do that part of the process. They just went right to the rule without that type of testing. So once it was proposed, we did the testing and we demonstrated to DOE and others that dishes were not clean. In multiple product manufacturers products, it did not clean the dishes. So the utility of the product was affected, the consumer payback was not there and the energy savings was minimal, less than a quad, 7 percent of one quad.    Now the current dishwasher standard that is in place today, that has a pay back to the consumer of 12 years, so that was already at the limit in terms of economic sense. There was no need for this fifth dishwasher standard. So it messed up the product and it did not make sense for the consumer to buy such a product, so our view is that there is something wrong when the process spits something out like that. That has to be a product or a category where you don't do another rulemaking unless some quantifiable measure can show that there is going to be a real significant savings in energy that won't harm the consumer.    But under the current process it is very difficult to get DOE's assumptions and other things that go into their analyses done by their contractors and the national labs. So that is part of the process change we would like to see.    Mr. McGuire. Well, how much did it cost of the consumer for----    Mr. McGuire. Oh, sure.    Mr. McGuire. Well these tests that we did on the proposed rule, this standard didn't go into effect. Those costs were absorbed by the companies. There is thousands of dollars to do these tests. Once a standard is in effect, in order to prove compliance with the standard, you have to test the product before it is submitted to the marketplace and then a regular routine testing market surveillance that our industry actually does some of that testing to police ourselves and provide some information to the Government.    Those tests are very expensive and the cost of compliance--the tolerances are very, very tight so manufacturers invest a lot to make sure their products meet the standards and the tests are sophisticated. So it is a costly part of being an appliance manufacturer. And those costs are going to the product like any other costs and are passed on to the consumer.    Mr. McGuire. It is not a problem. We have used consensus many times in the past, but we think consensus ought to be to change the law so that the process requires these improvements and they are not discretionary.    Mr. McGuire. There are some process improvements in the energy bill in conference, but the ones that we are talking about the major reforms you are right, there is not----    Mr. McGuire. Mr. Tonko I would say----    Mr. McGuire. I will provide it for the record.    Mr. McGuire. Virtually all of our products have been regulated multiple times. The current refrigerator standard that has been in effect since last year is the fourth version of that standard, same for dishwashers. And the rule I mentioned proposed was the fifth revision.    So we believe we hit the point of diminishing returns in the last tranche of standards that were negotiated through the consensus process. We think standards going forward for most our products not justified on the economics or the energy savings.    Mr. McGuire. It is a major issue because a manufacturer cannot tell what they have to do to comply with the new standard until they know how to test to it. So that is why the law said test procedures come first, but that process is a little out of whack right now.    So we, in the case of portable air conditioners, we have had to comment on proposed standard before we knew what the final test procedure was. That is really impossible to do but that has what we are forced to do under the current process that is being employed.    Mr. McGuire. The initial investment to gear up for a new standard is as Mr. Yurek and Cosgriff said, is quite an investment to understand the test procedure and get your products qualified. But ongoing, once a standard is in effect, a manufacturer has to test and certify those products with the Department of Energy. If you want your products to be Energy Star qualified, that requires a further up front test as well as ongoing testing of a certain percentage of your products.    So that is a pretty significant testing burden for the manufacturers. And when the test procedures are under revision, it has to be very precise in order for you to design a product. What we have experienced also is that Energy Star sometimes will want a different test procedure than DOE requires for the standards.    One of the benefits we found of negotiating the consensus process, is we would peg the Energy Star requirement to the standard requirement with the same test procedures so manufacturers can plan that out. But that hasn't always been the case, so these are processes that used to be employed, but haven't been across the board in recent years.    Mr. McGuire. I think it is very important from an effectiveness point of view. If the manufacturer hasn't had the ability to be in a dialogue with the Government about the proposal and how they except the efficiency requirements to be achieved, and do some testing, then you are really dealing in a vacuum.    This is what happened with the proposed dishwasher rule. So it is very important. These are technical matters. It is very important that not only manufacturers are engaged early but all stakeholders. This ASRAC process does do that, but the ASRAC process is useful once the decision has been made that there will be a new standard.    And so what we are talking about is changing the process for determining whether there should be a new standard. If there is going to be one, consensus is always the best. We feel we will do better. I think as the advocates feel, giving a give-and-take, putting the data on the table, and not wondering where the data came from.