    Mr. Woodall. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for calling the hearing. I knew it was going to be a good one when Mr. Pascrell rejected doom and gloom right from the outset.    I have not been disappointed. There has been a lot of head nodding going on up there. And candidly, I was feeling a little bad about us as an institution, because I thought, golly, if these guys can all get along on these topics, why can't we? And then you all start arguing about data points in the census report. And I think that is right, that we spend so much time around here arguing about data points too.    But the truth is folks didn't disagree with Dr. Holtz-Eakin's point on transportation. Yes, we don't need to improve his commute through the suburbs, we need to improve the 2 of the top 10 most congested freight byways in the country, which run through metro Atlanta, and that is going to have a real productivity increase. And we agree, let's do double National Institutes of Health.    For Pete's sake, you call yourself the grumpy economist, Dr. Cochrane, but every time the agreement comes up, I see a big smile come across the face, that there is opportunity there. Newt Gingrich and Bill Clinton did it. We can do it too.    Tell me this, Dr. Cochrane. When I was with the Bureau of Public Debt, they said, we are going to push out maturity as far as we can. I know we are at record highs now north of 70 months. But they say, we can't push it out too far, because liquidity is going to become a problem if we do. Do you have any concerns about us pushing it out too far too fast?    Mr. Woodall. Dr. Cochrane mentioned in his opening statement that he thought getting to tax simplification was going to be easier than getting to lower rates. I have found the opposite to be true. I can talk to folks about a percentage point, but if I try to take away your cutout, your carveout, your exemption, your exception, suddenly the pillars begin to rumble.    Dr. Holtz-Eakin, I know you have been active in terms of how we can--we don't have to compete on low wages, we don't have to compete on a dirty environment, we can compete on a competitive international tax code. I feel like this is our opportunity to get that done, I feel like we are getting that consensus on both sides of the aisle. How high does that rank?    I listened to Mr. Ryan's opening statement. I am thinking, for Pete's sake, I don't like paying taxes either. Let's just have Wal-Mart and the big guys pay them all and everything will be great. But I know we can't compete that way in a global economy.    How important is fundamental tax reform and increasing the incentive to perform those tasks in America rather than elsewhere?    Mr. Woodall. I know you opened your comments with saying you always say it and nobody ever pays any attention, so you move on to point number two.    Mr. Woodall. Absolutely. I just feel like it is not hot air this cycle.    Mr. Woodall. I feel that necessity is pushing us there.    And, Dr. Bernstein, I will ask you, again, lots of head nodding going on up there at the panel, from my side of the side of the aisle, we may have called you here to be the antagonist, but there is lots of agreement in the space.    Is there a short list, as you look at your peers from the left to the right in the economic structure, that say, you know what, if Congress--not if Congress, Congress can, the American people are in a place where we can go through steps one, two, and three right now?    Mr. Woodall. I thank the panel.    I thank the Chairman for his indulgence.