    Ms. DOUCET. Good morning, Chairman Buchanan, and members of the Subcommittee on Human Resources. Thank you for the opportunity to speak to you today. My name is Barbara Doucet. I am the Corporate Director of Human Resources for Omni Hotels and Resorts, based in Dallas, Texas. Currently, I serve on the American Hotel and Lodging Association's Human Resource Committee, and as Board Member for Women with Promise. It is an honor to share with you Omni's success story of how we've connected low-income individuals with more than just jobs, but life-long careers in the hotel industry, at two of our properties in Dallas and Fort Worth.    By way of background, Omni is a luxury hotel brand, with 60 hotels in North America and over 18,000 associates. We pride ourselves in leaving a lasting impression with every guest by exceeding their expectations and inspiring and rewarding our associates. My tenure with Omni began in 2008 as the Director of Human Resources for the opening of the Omni Fort Worth hotel, a 614-room downtown property. After three years, I moved to open the Omni Dallas hotel, a 1001-room hotel located in downtown Dallas, connected to the Convention Center. Staffing a new hotel requires roughly 465 associates. It is no easy task, and can only be done successfully with the support of the right team. In my role at the Omni Fort Worth, I immediately recognized the need to seek out the right partnership that would help us be successful. Hence, the beginning of our long-standing relationship with Workforce Solutions of Tarrant County.    Partnering with Workforce Solutions, we worked diligently in developing various work subsidized programs coordinating job----    Ms. DOUCET. Sure.    Ms. DOUCET. Coordinating job fairs, and placement of interns. They screened and referred lower income job seekers and proved to be a constant pipeline of new applicants. As a result, the Omni Fort Worth hotel was honored as the 2010 recipient of the Employer Award of Excellence for Workforce Solutions of Tarrant County, and I was happy to serve on the Tarrant County Workforce Improvement Committee. The Subsidized Employment Program provides on-the-job training, where low-income candidates can perform the daily tasks of the jobs to which they would, could ultimately be hired. We were able to train and teach the skills required to be a successful room or laundry attendant, bar back, steward, or other critical roles within the hospitality industry.    This model has been a great success for Omni, and is a source of pride for the company. If the individual was not hired into a permanent position, we worked with the candidates and their counselors to help identify other opportunities. While managing these individuals and programs does take time and resources, Omni encourages each property to be a leader in giving back to the greater community. So much so, this is one of our core values, local market leadership.    The relationship with Workforce Solutions continued into the new build of the Omni Dallas hotel. As a larger hotel than Fort Worth, it was a greater challenge to staff effectively and efficiently. Workforce Solutions Greater Dallas proved to be a vital partner in the initial hiring events, and remained a valuable collaborator after the opening of the hotel. During our largest preopening job fair, Workforce Solutions provided 30 volunteers, who assisted with the intake of more than 3000 job seekers, over the course of three days.    As a result, we hired over 250 individuals, through the Texas Back to Work Program and Greater Dallas Direct Referrals. Additionally, we hired 18 at-risk participants of the Choices Program, a TANF employment and training program, which assists in transition from welfare to work. These participants gained skills training, funded through the Workforce Solutions Self-sufficiency Grant, with H.I.S. Bridgebuilders. Once again, in 2012, Omni was honored with the Employer Award of Excellence for Workforce Solutions Greater Dallas.    Workforce Solutions led us to partner with other community agencies, which assisted in job placement and retention, provided to youth exiting the foster and juvenile care system. In summary, through these programs and partnerships, our managers are empowered to treat each associate with the utmost care and concern, which naturally leads to caring for them as a valued member of the Omni family; another of our core values.    I would urge the Committee to explore federal legislative funding that encourages subsidized employment programs, which allows for low-income individuals to receive realistic on-the-job training, that can ultimately lead to full-time employment. Through the Texas Back to Work Program and other organizations like H.I.S. Bridgebuilders and City Square, we are able to train low-income individuals, to provide the tools and knowledge needed to be an employable, self-sufficient individual. Mr. Chairman, thank you for this opportunity.    Ms. DOUCET. One of the things with Omni hotels is that we value our communities, the communities that we are in. So being able to build a partnership, to give back to those communities and develop the partnership with many organizations. So while we worked a great deal with Workforce Solutions, we also partnered with multiple other agencies to try and build a network to have access to individuals who are looking for employment. And how we help them grow and development. And similar to the situation given earlier as well, we have many stories of individuals who started at entry level positions and have been able to move into leadership roles.    Ms. DOUCET. Ms. Doucet.    Ms. DOUCET. So we make sure that we are competitive in the markets and going through to assure our associates are----    Ms. DOUCET. We are above minimum wage in our properties. And going through for most of those areas. But it is something that we stay competitive with what the trend in that marketplace is. And as you were mentioning earlier, trying to get individuals in, there are so many--yes?    Ms. DOUCET. We ensure that we are competitive to the salaries. So we make that decision based on our wage survey.    Ms. DOUCET. Okay.    Ms. DOUCET. Yes. I think that actually encouraging that partnership, we invite a lot of middle schools and high schools to come to our facilities and bring their classes. And it gives them an opportunity to see the heart of the house as well as the front of the house, and explore avenues they didn't even anticipate they would be able to look into, for future job growth. We do get a lot of interest from our students that way, in building those relationships very early.