    Ms. Kikoler. Thank you, Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Bass, for holding a hearing on this important issue and for the opportunity to testify. I ask that you include in the record the text of the Holocaust Memorial Museum's report issued last November, entitled ``Our Generation is Gone: The Islamic State's Targeting of Iraqi Minorities in Ninewa.''    Last month, I was sitting with a Yazidi woman in a displaced persons camp outside of Dohuk in the Kurdistan region of Iraq. She was kidnapped by Islamic State fighters in the village of Kocho during an attack where hundreds of Yazidi men were killed. When I met her, she, along with her two young children, had escaped her Islamic State captor in Syria only 2 weeks earlier. She had been forcibly converted to Islam, and for almost 2 years, she was held as a sex slave. She and her children are the face of a modern day genocide that is being perpetrated by the Islamic State. For those still being held today, that genocide is ongoing.    The administration's determination that this self-proclaimed Islamic State committed genocide and crimes against humanity against religious minorities is an important recognition of the heinous crimes committed by the Islamic State and the suffering of victims like the woman I met and her children.    However, if the label of genocide is truly to have meaning for the victims of that crime, then this discussion should evolve from a question of what happened to how to protect vulnerable communities, using military and nonmilitary tools, from future threats by the Islamic State and other extremist groups. This includes how to secure justice and accountability for the victims of their crimes.    Genocide is a rare occurrence. There is no blueprint for how the United States Government responds in situations where genocide has been committed or is taking place. With this in mind, we at the Simon-Skjodt Center for the Prevention of Genocide traveled last month to the Kurdistan region of Iraq and to newly liberated areas by Mount Sinjar to assess what needs to be done to protect vulnerable minorities as a followup to the report released in November 2015 documenting the commission of genocide, crimes against humanity, and ethnic cleansing committed by the Islamic State against minorities.    Our trip starkly revealed that these communities remain at risk of future atrocities. Those who stay in exile in the Kurdistan region of Iraq are physically safe, yet they yearn to return home. As long as the Islamic State exists, these communities will remain vulnerable. The Islamic State still occupies large swaths of land in Nineveh, making it impossible for minority communities to return home.    Certain liberated areas are also too dangerous for civilians to return home as they are within the range of ISIS mortar fire. This is particularly true for communities on the south side of Mount Sinjar and those close to Mosul.    Defeating the Islamic State, therefore, should remain a key priority of the U.S. Government's efforts if our hope is to ensure the very survival of these communities. Yet to animate this objective, civilian protection and the prevention of atrocity should be at the core of that strategy. We know from past cases that this requires a comprehensive and sustained strategy using military and nonmilitary tools that is calibrated to respond to evolving conditions on the ground to prevent genocide and other mass atrocities. In this context, a strategy would include day-after planning to identify scenarios and tools that would mitigate potential future flashpoints and implement strategies to address them, including rebuilding liberated areas, promoting reconciliation between groups, advancing justice and accountability efforts, and securing a political resolution between the Government of Iraq and the Kurdish Regional Government to the disputed areas in which many of Iraq's minorities live.    The most common sentiment that we heard from displaced minority communities and one that needs to be addressed is their lack of trust in the officials and institutions that are responsible for their physical protection and for guaranteeing their legal rights, as well as their deep distrust of their former Sunni Arab neighbors who they perceive as having been complicit in ISIS' attacks.    Religious minorities continue to feel that the Iraqi security forces and the Kurdish Peshmerga abandoned them when the Islamic State attacked Nineveh. Many also continue to feel that they are being used as political pawns by the Government of Iraq and the Kurdish Regional Government in the ongoing contest over the disputed areas. This leaves them nervous about who and how their land will be administered should they return home.    For over 10 years, religious minorities were targeted on the basis of their identity by extremist groups and were politically marginalized. The early warning of their vulnerabilities went largely unheeded, and as a result, many saw fleeing the country as their only protection option. Today, in the absence of what they, again, see as being credible actors to provide their physical protection, many communities are seeking to arm themselves. New threats are also emerging for not just religious minorities but also for the Sunni Arab population who may be the victims of revenge killings. The proliferation of unregulated and poorly trained militias may pose additional threats to civilians in areas liberated from the Islamic State as they seek to liberate additional territory. Many that we interviewed expressed concerns about the potential for conflict between militias within particular religious communities and amongst religious groups.    This all underscores that defeating the Islamic State and protecting vulnerable communities requires more than just a military strategy if civilians are to be protected. It requires tackling the root causes that allowed the Islamic State to rise and that enhance the vulnerabilities of minority communities.    In light of this, we believe that there are four principle areas where additional efforts could be paid to ensure both the immediate protection needs of vulnerable communities seeking to return home and ensure that the long-term and systematic drivers of conflict are mitigated.    Those are, first, an explicit policy to provide genuine physical protection to vulnerable populations. Protection could include strategies for employing local, domestic, and international actors to provide security to ethnic and religious minorities returning to liberated lands and Sunni Arab populations at risk of reprisal killings.    In planning military operations and broader policy objectives, actors should consider the possible unintended consequences of the actions taken and whether they will heighten risks for civilian populations living under the Islamic State's control and/or might contribute to future cycles of violence.    The Iraqi Government and international donors should ensure that all Iraqi security forces, Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga, and local militias fully adhere to international human rights and humanitarian law standards and are held accountable for violations in accordance with international standards. Withholding military assistance to those groups who do not adhere to these standards could be a powerful tool in addressing the behavior of bad actors.    Second is support for stabilization and reconstruction efforts in liberated areas. This includes increasing the presence of development assistance from relevant agencies and departments. Many of the displaced expressed concerns to us that they will be unable to return home in the absence of economic opportunity and the reconstruction of their devastated region. High rates of unemployment within the Sunni population and perceived economic inequity was one of drivers of the rise of the Islamic State. Affected regions must be rebuilt and the engagement of the international community must be sustained in that endeavor in the years to come.    A critical component of stabilization and reconstruction efforts is investing in reconciliation so that diverse communities can once again live alongside each other. In the absence of such efforts, there is a grave potential for future conflict between communities.    Third, transitional justice efforts are central to responding to the commission of past crimes and the deterrence of future crimes. The clearest obligation in the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide is to punish the perpetrators of genocide, and international justice is the cornerstone upon which the international community has responded to the crime of genocide, from Nuremberg 70 years ago to the international criminal tribunals for Rwanda, Yugoslavia, and Cambodia.    Today, substantial support is needed to investigate, collect, and analyze evidence; secure mass grave sites; and detain perpetrators for the purpose of future prosecution. In this effort, we can't lose sight of the importance of holding individuals accountable for crimes committed at the local level.    The most common answer to the question of how can trust be built between minorities and the Sunni Arab population that we pose to people who are displaced was that those who committed crimes in their towns and villages needed to be held accountable in a court. The rampant culture of impunity has left high levels of distrust amongst ordinary Iraqis. They need to see justice advanced not only against the Islamic State's leaders for genocide but also for the crimes committed by their neighbors in their very own communities. This necessitates detaining fighters, investigating their crimes, and then prosecuting them at the national as well as possibly the international level.    Fourth is securing the political resolution to the ongoing dispute between the Kurdish Regional Government and the Iraqi Government over Nineveh. Our report was very clear in identifying the ongoing dispute as a key factor that exacerbated the vulnerability of minority communities in part because the dispute is perceived as having contributed to growing support for extremist groups, and when the Islamic State advanced, there were no clear lines of responsibility. As long as responsibility for protecting these communities remains in question, vulnerabilities will remain acute and create a vacuum that the Islamic State or a successor group could exploit.    Finally, to recognize a genocide has happened is to acknowledge a collective failure to prevent the crime of all crimes and to uphold the commitment to never again. Going forward, the U.S. and other governments will need to place civilian protection and the prevention of atrocities at the core of their counter-ISIL strategies, but the commitment to prevent and protect minorities must extend beyond the current threat posed by the Islamic State. We must endeavor to ensure that in 10 years, we are not yet again meeting in the wake of another failure to protect vulnerable minorities in Iraq and Syria.    Countering the Islamic State and preventing future atrocities perpetrated by other groups necessitates an ongoing assessment of those groups' motivations, organization, and capabilities for committing atrocity crimes, and of the vulnerabilities of at-risk communities. Continuous monitoring and analysis of the warning signs and risk indicators on the ground will be needed and strategies developed to ensure that threats facing minorities in the future are mitigated.    That is what upholding the commitment to prevent, enshrined in the Genocide Convention, should mean. Thank you.    Ms. Kikoler. Thank you for raising that question, and maybe just to pick up on some of the things that Sarhang mentioned.    I think it is really important to underscore that the implications of the underfunding means that this crucial conversation about the day after--and in reality, we are talking about today. For areas that are already liberated around Sinjar, this is a question that people are grappling with today. Do people return? Can they return? Who is taking the leadership in pushing that conversation?    That discussion of the day after should be a central component of our counter-ISIL strategy conversations right now. All of us have highlighted a couple of components that usually fall outside, as Sarhang mentioned, of the traditional discussion of conflict prevention or counterterrorism. That is reconciliation, reconstruction, addressing political grievances, and the importance of accountability. Each of those require resources dedicated toward them, yet they are simply not a priority right now for many of the actors that we hope to take a leadership role in these particular issues.    Ms. Kikoler. I think it would be fair to say the international community, as a whole, has not been focused on this day after conversation, and I think there is an important role that Congress and others can play in raising that particular issue.    When we went to areas that had been newly liberated, to highlight what Sarhang mentioned, you see town after town and village after village that has been simply devastated: Homes that have been bombed; every gas station has been destroyed; water is down; electricity is beginning to be back in order. People are waiting to return home because they are waiting to see the schools in the Kurdish Regional Government close, waiting to see schools open now in newly liberated areas. Those are the types of urgent needs that need to be addressed and need to be part of that counter-ISIL strategy.    I think just to underscore a point that was made before too, those are not traditional kind of kinetic issues that need to be prioritized from an atrocity-prevention perspective, and it means that they are being viewed as second-order priorities whereas, really, they should be first-order priorities if we are hoping to prevent a recurrence of these crimes, and we need to do that with the recognition, as Sarhang said, that the capacity of the Government of Iraq and the capacity of the Kurdish Regional Government to address these issues is really quite diminished, and there are also concerns about the political will to address some of these particular concerns.    Ms. Kikoler. Thank you very much.    One of the purposes of our recent trip was also to look at issues relating to accountability and justice, hence our recommendation around the need to prioritize transitional justice. And just very briefly, I think there are five points that I would make.    The first is there is a need for there to be an independent international investigation into what happened to ensure that there can be the collection of evidence and the preservation of evidence and their analysis in accordance with international standards, to help establish truth, to help families identify what happened to their loved ones, and to push for future prosecutions and accountability.    The second is that there needs to be an investment in supporting the capacity building and rule of law efforts of the Government of Iraq and the Kurdish Regional Government. That is needed immediately, but it will have long-term benefits to ensure that the rule of law actually means something and that minority communities feel that should their rights be violated in the future, they can resort to courts and not have to take up other means to protect themselves.    The third is both the Government of Iraq and the Kurdish Regional Government currently lack legislation that allows them to prosecute genocide. There is an effort under way to create such legislation. The political will to do so is mixed. There is an important role that the international community can play in pushing for the enactment of that legislation so that we could possibly see cases brought at the national level.    The fourth, as I mentioned earlier, is the importance and priority that should be placed on local cases, trying people for murder, for these kind of property seizures, for what happened in their own communities, and there is an important issue that arises on that. It requires the detaining of people and the investigation for future prosecutions.    Now, many Islamic State fighters tend to blow themselves up or killed on the battlefield. It is unclear for those who are being detained by different forces what is happening to them. We need to do a better job of trying to arrest people, ensure that there can be future prosecutions with them. That is going to be very pertinent when we see a liberation of Mosul. And it is going to raise a lot of challenging human rights questions about the vetting of people as they flee Mosul in ensuring that not all Sunni Arabs are stopped and detained and assumed that they are Islamic State supporters but that those few that have actually committed crimes are actually held responsible.    And then, finally, to underscore the point that Sarhang made about the critical need to support local civil society that is undertaking these efforts to do documentation but also to do the conflict management and mediation and reconciliation work that will be so critical to ensuring that we don't see a further recurrence of atrocities.    Ms. Kikoler. Just in light of the question that you asked about the integration of civilian protection, I think it is really important to underscore that defeating ISIS but failing to prevent atrocities and provide adequate security to all Iraqis will likely fuel future grievances, a proliferation of armed groups, and continued conflict. In our original report, we highlighted that the current counterterrorism and counterinsurgency paradigms don't prioritize an assessment of or compel a response to, in a systematic way, the unique threats and risks of mass atrocities that local populations and individuals may face, so, as a result, going forward, we do feel that it is important to prioritize the mapping of the motivations, organizations, and capabilities of perpetrators and the vulnerabilities of at-risk communities.    Finding proactive ways to identify where these communities are, our report focused on Iraq--there are communities in Syria that remain at risk: Mapping their location, tracking the movement and mobilization of potential perpetrators, and identifying other actors that enable or inhibit the perpetration of mass atrocity crimes. This includes intelligence gathering and analysis that plays a critical role in developing the strategies that will be used to provide protection for communities and prevent future atrocities going forward.    Ms. Kikoler. I think, from our perspective, there are a host of questions that need to be asked about how to provide protection, and we don't necessarily go into military strategies at the Museum ourselves. I think the questions that can be asked about areas like safe havens and other options are, what are the specific threats facing civilian populations? What are the resources that are needed to provide protection? What are the various options that are available to ensure that, over a sustained period of time, communities will be protected and a host of other scenarios?    In the case of northern Iraq, one of the things that we have highlighted is the need to focus on addressing the deep distrust that communities feel toward others and recognizing that the areas that we are talking about are not ethnically or religiously homogenous. Communities live alongside each other, and any discussion about local administration, physical protection, has to take into account those realities in that particular area, but I think others would probably be more well-versed.