    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, I appreciate you being here. Let me start off with a question. Do you believe that in the wake of an agreement, the administration will push to delist the Iranian Revolutionary Guard as a proliferator? Dr. Doran?    Mr. Yoho. I am going to get to that. Given that the Iranian Revolutionary Guard at large is designated, pursuant to Executive Order 13382, as a proliferator, do you think the administration will delist them as part of an Iranian nuclear agreement? And the second part of that question is this would, in effect, legitimize many of the aspects of the Revolutionary Guard, creating a terrorist wing, being the Quds Force, and a political wing, the Revolutionary Guard, that would be open for business. Do you see that happening?    Mr. Rademaker?    Mr. Yoho. Nuclear proliferation.    Mr. Yoho. WMD.    Mr. Yoho. I agree with that. And what would be the regional effect? I think we know what that would be. It is not going to stabilize it. And I think it would increase the hegemony of Iran in the whole Middle Eastern area. You know, I am baffled by this whole nuclear negotiation.    Dr. Pollack, you said the administration did a good job of bringing Iran to the table. What was the purpose of that? Can you take us back----    Mr. Yoho. Because I have right here that President Obama says, 28 times promised Iran wouldn't get a nuclear weapon. So we have moved from, and that is what I remember, this is to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. Now we are at, we are going to try to slow it down. Just real quickly, do all four of you think Iran will have a nuclear weapon, if they don't have one already, within the next 0 to 10 years? Just yes or no.    Mr. Yoho. I have sat here for 2\1/2\ years----    Mr. Yoho. Right.    Mr. Yoho. Right.    Mr. Yoho. I am a veterinarian before I came here. I will always be a veterinarian. There was a simple thing we learned: If it looks, smells, runs, and smells like a skunk, it is probably a skunk. And this is a deal that is a skunk. And we, as Americans, need to run away from it. One last question, is it possible to put sanctions back on? And will the P5 nations back us up if we wanted to sanction and say we are walking away, actually running away--and I would spray deodorizer behind us as we left--is it possible that they would stand with us?    Mr. Yoho. With just the minimal relaxation of those, you have seen what they have done. And they have propped up the Assad regime when we thought that he was going to fall. And I can only think that the help from Iran with the extra money coming in--it was supposed to be $14 billion, now it is over $40 billion or $60 billion with just the relaxation--that that has prolonging the Syrian war, caused that many more deaths. And even today we hear there are more chlorine bombs being dropped on Aleppo. And we have a resolution and a bill to stop that. This is a disaster. This administration has not served America well, the Middle East, or world peace. I yield back.