    Ms. Okun. Thank you, Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Nadler, and other Members of the Subcommittee. I welcome the opportunity to testify for you today. I have been privileged to be part of the international trade community for more than 25 years. Let me reiterate that I appear today in my personal capacity, and not on behalf of Adduci and Mastriani and Schaumberg, or any of our clients. And, of course, I do not speak for the Commission or for my former colleagues.    My purpose is to share my perspective based on my 12 years serving on the International Trade Commission. I will focus my remarks on a few key points, but will refer you to my written statement.    First, the ITC is an expert trade agency that provides an effective remedy to combat the pervasive problem of infringing imports, providing essential protection to U.S. IPR owners and fostering U.S. competitiveness and innovation.    Second, through its decisions and administrative actions, the ITC has sent a clear message that only entities with substantial domestic ties will succeed. The data demonstrate that NPEs rarely file cases with the ITC, and that particularly with respect to PAEs, they rarely succeed. And it is important to set context. We are talking about a docket of 36 cases this year; and of those 36, 34 of 36 were brought by manufacturing entities. In 2014, it was 36 of 39. At its high water mark in 2011, there were 69 investigations.    So we are talking about a very small docket, which I say will remain so because of the high threshold to succeed, and because of the institutional requirements to be at the ITC.    Third, the ITC, perhaps because it is small, non-partisan, quasi-judicial, has been nimble in addressing litigation issues by pursuing case management and rule changes to reduce the cost and burden of litigation. This type of agency activity should be encouraged, not criticized. We want our most innovative companies to have more, not fewer, tools to address the very real and costly problem of infringement.    In that respect, Section 337, in my view, is functioning as Congress intended, and recent proposals to amend the statute are unnecessary and likely counterproductive. Moreover, our trading partners increasingly recognize that innovation is the fundamental competitive advantage. Countries like China are modifying their laws to strengthen IP protection, and the European Union has moved toward a unitary patent court. It would send the wrong message for the United States to weaken protections at a time when U.S. trade negotiators have been working hard to raise IPR standards in agreements such as TPP and TTIP.    Allow me to elaborate briefly. There is a direct link between the protection of U.S. IPR and American competitiveness. Constitutionally protected patent rights incentivize investments and innovation, a key engine of economic growth. IP-intensive industries account for more than $5 trillion in value added, or approximately 35 percent of GDP.    From a trade perspective, we must have effective border remedies to stop unfairly traded and infringing imports. The ITC serves as the front line in protecting domestic industries. As the Joint Economic Committee found in 2012, infringement of IPR is a pervasive problem that harms companies, consumers, and all levels of government.    Between 2008 and 2015, approximately 80 percent of the products accused in Section 337 were imported from China. And while this hearing is focused on investigations involving patents, Section 337 also covers other unfair acts, such as copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws. Moreover, for many companies, the advantages of expeditious adjudication, experienced ITC judges, in rem jurisdiction, and effective remedies at the border, can make the difference in their commercial success.    The data simply do not support the assertion that the ITC has a patent troll problem. Overall, Section 337 filings have decreased significantly in the past few years, from what was already a low number, particularly compared to district courts. The number of cases institute in each calendar year, from 2000 to 2015, has steadily decreased from 69 to 36. Complainants at the ITC are overwhelmingly domestic industries that manufacture a product.    Moreover, of the 67 exclusion orders issued by the Commission in the last 10 years, only four were on behalf of NPEs. The ITC is not inundated with frivolous cases, nor is its caseload unmanageable. But that does not mean NPEs--and I do mean NPEs, not PAEs--should not have the opportunity to consider the ITC as they evaluate their options for protecting their intellectual property.    Congress acknowledged the critical role of IPR as a source of value by expanding Section 337 in 1988 to cover companies making a substantial investment in a patent's exploitation, including engineering, research and development, or licensing.    Yet over the last 5 years, it has become more difficult to establish a domestic industry and obtain relief and, since 2011, only three NPEs have succeeded in establishing a licensing-based domestic industry. I realize, Mr. Chairman, that my red light is coming on, and I hope that, in listening to Mr. Bianchi's testimony, you will hear about the many actions the ITC has taken to help combat any type of abuse at the ITC. Thank you.    Ms. Okun. Try that.    Ms. Okun. Not going to worry about it.    Ms. Okun. Mr. Chairman, I would disagree with you.    Ms. Okun. I mean, for the record, I would be happy to provide many of those cases, but I think the point, if I understand, or----    Ms. Okun. Right, there are cases where, in looking at the domestic industry requirement, which requires a substantial investment and exploitation in the patent where licensing--having a licensee is not enough. They often bring them into--or they are often part of a case because it is part of, if you do not manufacture, that you have a licensee.    But the Commission, if anything--I mean, it is interesting to hear the reference to the--Chairman Goodlatte's reference to pre-2010 law because I would say that--post-2010--I would be curious what my colleagues say; I think there has been a heightening of the threshold with respect to domestic industry with----    Ms. Okun. Mr. Nadler, I would like to counter that with respect to a couple things about eBay. First, it is not as if--I was on the Commission in, during this period--so speaking for myself, it was not as if the Commission looked at what happened and said, ``Oh, we do not want to do that.'' The Commission looked at the Section 337 statute, which does provide for all equitable defenses, but the Section 337 has additional safeguards. There is a public interest test--one of the parts of the injunction test. It applies a public interest test. There is an additional safeguard. The President can disapprove any exclusion order at the end for any policy reason, and Congress only gave--again, it is an independent agency, just like you have a PTO and others--only gave the ITC one remedy, a border remedy, exclusion order to cease-and-desist and consent.    Ms. Okun. Well, it is actually the opposite, which is you--I mean, because of our international trading obligations, you can stay the district court actions. So if there is both, you would stay--you can stay.    Ms. Okun. Well, the statute does not allow that.    Ms. Okun. Well, so I am going to answer from the trade--or the perspective from how you would do that, because what the statute tells you is if they are imports, okay? It does not matter if it is import by a U.K.-headquartered company out of China, or a Chinese company, or an American company, right? An import is an import, and that is what the Commission has to look for, for its jurisdiction for the case. Domestic industry, again, it relates to its activities in the United States, not actually where it is headquartered.    So, again, I see it from a different perspective, which is the statute does not--the statute gives a trade remedy--which I think is an effective trade remedy--and again, I would think is a complement to the district court, particularly for those companies who are looking to stop infringing goods at the border and keep them out of the United States.    Ms. Okun. Does the Federal court--does the Federal district court have the ability to stay that?    Ms. Okun. Right, but the statute actually says the opposite, that the respondent could move to stay the district court.    Ms. Okun. But to be clear, I am not giving the agency perspective on this question, but just my own personal perspective.    Ms. Okun. But again, I see the ITC as playing a complementary as opposed to redundant role, and I see it as an additional tool. And so I guess when I hear these questions, I wonder why you would say to a patent owner that Congress has authorized--you know, is authorized in a statute to bring a case to the ITC, we want you to not seek fast, effective relief, but we want to send you over to the district court, which is often longer and be more expensive.    And in some cases damages are not what a company is looking for, particularly in a high-tech industry where what is important is getting your product to market quickly. If you look at an exclusion order, for example, for OtterBox, which was just trying to stop--because the smartphones change so much, OtterBox needed to get its products in quickly. Without an exclusion order--it was not looking for damages. It wanted to get its products out in front, and not the infringing products. So I guess that would be an example that I would give where I just do not see damages as always being the best remedy.    Ms. Okun. Oh, I would agree with those comments. I mean, I think if you, again, look at the numbers--and just to back up 1 minute about the budget justification, of course, when an agency is trying to evaluate it--having been there when we were doing budget justifications, when you are trying to say what our case load is, it is better to overestimate than to underestimate in terms of your funding, so I think that explains some of that.    Because if you actually look at the numbers post-2011, they have gone down. And I think the point is, there have been changes both in the case law and with the Commission taking its own steps to--with the 100-day program and--which is in rulemaking right now for additional changes. So you see a decline.    There were three cases, two cases, and we are talking about a very small number of cases at the ITC, and I think that, again, these--the case law and the administrative actions have sent a strong message to lawyers and clients. Do not come to the ITC unless you can walk in the door with a complaint that is sufficient.    Ms. Okun. Just a note on the number of respondents two things. One, post the Broadcom v. Qualcomm litigation, after the Federal circuit decision, parties have to name the downstream producers, and so there was increase in the number of respondents because you had to name everyone in order to get the jurisdiction.    Two, it is true that at the ITC, one of its advantages for someone facing foreign imports coming in from a whack-a-mole Chinese company, here, there, and everywhere, can name everybody and get an exclusion order against them without having to go to district court several times. And there are many cases in my written testimony where I point that out.    Ms. Okun. Briefly, my perspective on that, which is, as Mr. Bianchi states, it is correct. The Commission does look at that before imposing any remedy. And I guess my question is, it is almost like proving a negative. In other words, if all these technology companies that have somehow come to the ITC, if their actions have proved to stifle innovation, I do not see the evidence of that.    I mean, if you look at what is going on in mobile communications, all these things, I mean, there is leaps and bounds. And I think I come from the perspective that what you do not want to do is de-incentivize those companies that are making these strides from having the ability to seek an exclusion order when necessary and--but the Commission should look at it carefully and see if there are other products in the market and make sure that those competitive conditions are maintained.    Ms. Okun. Limited--excuse me--limited to an exclusion order or a cease-and-desist order.    Ms. Okun. There is an Office of Unfair Import Investigations, correct.    Ms. Okun. Maybe we can do two questions. I think your first part was what does the Commission evaluate before it would impose one of these remedies, and that there is a public interest test that the Commission goes through. And I would note it is one of the changes that the Commission has made in the last few years to allow the administrative law judge in a case where they think that there might be public interest issues, including with respect to components to take evidence.    And so the administrative law judge can develop a record that would then be before the Commission when it looks on impact on consumers, public health and welfare, competitive conditions, and like indirectly-competitive products. So that evaluation is a very important part of what the Commission does. With respect to the Office of Unfair Import Investigations, I am actually going to turn that over to Mr. Bianchi. I could explain it, but because it is a Commission agency I think it would but helpful to have him elaborate on that.    Ms. Okun. Just quick. With respect to if you turn--if you use public interest to deny relief in the very beginning I think the problem with that is the case that walks in the door with the number of patents asserted, the number of respondents, often is very unlike the case at the end that the Commission is actually considering. It is much narrowed, as happens in District Court in other litigation. People settle out.    The other thing, and I had this in my written testimony and I will refer it to you, which is because of the moving-up when public interest can be considered in particular cases of administrative law judges, you see settlements where an administrative law judge has recommended there be no relief and parties settle out and realize they are not going to make it.    Ms. Okun. Could I just add something on the data?    Ms. Okun. Which is the International Trade Commission helpfully lists on its website and puts up Section 337 data, including the number of Section 337 investigations brought by NPE and they have a definition of an NPE one and two, two being closer to a patent assertion entity. So those numbers indicate that in 2015 there were two patent assertion entities, 2014, three, 2013, six. So again, the number has gone down and it is publicly-available to look at.    Ms. Okun. That is correct. I clarify that. It is the respondent under the statute who can ask for a stay and that was in response to, you know, amendments with the Uruguay Round to make our lock-in system.    Ms. Okun. Well as you said, there is just a question of Chevron deference in the case, as well, that may be more interesting to the Supreme Court.