    Ms. Lofgren. Well, thank you, Madam Chair, and Mr. Brady, and Chief.    I have been here--I am working on my 21st year, and I think this is the first time we have ever had the police before us, and I think it is long overdue.    I do thank you for your testimony and certainly the men and women of the department who work so hard to protect the Capitol and the people who are here. Like some of the other members of the committee, I served for a long time in local government and a lot of what I know about policing really comes from my experience in local government overseeing law enforcement agencies.    And it seems to me that a lot of the trick of being successful is communication; clear lines of command; clear policies, that officers not only understand the policies but the reasons for the policies. And so I am interested in hearing some of that from you.    I remember in terms of communication, I understand the Capitol Police are not in charge of the airspace, but that is a communication issue. I remember after 9/11, obviously, the Capitol was a target. There was disarray, and many weeks later, we had an all-hands briefing in the Capitol with bipartisan meeting.    And I can say this now because it has all, you know, been changed, but one Member asked the Sergeant at Arms, when did the Secret Service call the Capitol Police? When did that call come in? And the answer was, we are still waiting for that call. I mean, so I think the communication between other agencies, there needs to be a protocol for that so that everybody knows what they are supposed to do.    So I am interested, some of that may be something you want to do in a private setting. I don't know. But I would like to know what those protocols are, whether the other parties are aware of the protocols, and whether there is any monitoring of those protocols in terms of policies.    We had the Naval Yard, a tragic situation. But one of the things that I thought was of concern was officers who left their station for the best reasons in the world, I am sure, to help in a very dire situation, but it raised the question in my mind, which is whether the clear policy, which is you don't leave the Capitol, and why is it? It is not because we are so wonderful. It is that if the Congress is destroyed, the United States Government is destroyed.    And if we had terrorists do a diversion, that might be a good way to leave the Congress, a legislative branch, vulnerable in a way that decapitates the American Government. So I think that officers, if they knew what the clear policy was, you know, everybody would get that. But I am not sure that that policy is in place or whether it has been communicated.    So I guess, I don't want to overdo my welcome, but I am just concerned about the policies, the command structure, the communications with other agencies, and I am wondering, Madam Chair, if we might have an opportunity in a confidential setting to get reports on those subjects.    And I see that my time is up so I would yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady very much, and I certainly look forward to continuing our discussion about information that we need to have in a confidential setting, certainly.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Nugent, who, as has been mentioned, has spent many, many years as a law enforcement agent. We appreciate you being on our Committee here today.    Ms. Lofgren. I think this has been helpful, and I am hopeful that we can have a followup meeting soon for some of the other issues that we either need to discuss confidentially or would like to raise in a less public setting because of security reasons.    But I would like to at that time to discuss with the Chief efforts to provide security outside of the Capitol in our district offices and also how we are using security to sort through the incoming. I mean, if you get a thousand emails a day, there is a way to mine that using technology to sort through what is likely to be a problem and what isn't. And I don't know if that is being done at this point, but it is something I would like to explore further.    With that, thank you. I will yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady.    I thank all the Committee members.