    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, I was going to talk a little bit about that meeting in Richmond, but a couple of the exchanges that just took place regarding the emails got my attention. So I'm going to ask a variety of questions to a group of you, starting with you, Dr. Moure-Eraso.    You said that it was the Federal Records Act that was adopted in November 2014 that prompted you to change your practice. Yet, in June 2014, which was before the Federal Records Act passed, you said, ``We stopped that practice about a year and a half ago because we realized how problematic it was.''    So tell me, if you're relying on the November 2014 changes to the law, why did you make your change 18 months before your June 2014 testimony?    Mr. Mulvaney. About 18 months before your June--so, clearly, the Federal Records Act changes in November 2014 had nothing to do with the change in your practice.    Mr. Mulvaney. But, again, your----    Mr. Mulvaney. But, previously, you told Mr. Meadows that it was the Federal Records Act of 2014. That had nothing to do with your decision in March 2013, right?    Mr. Mulvaney. All right.    Now, then it said that--when Mr. Chaffetz asked you about why you did that, you said, ``The Board was telling me that I couldn't use my private''--and then there was some talking over. I assume you were going to say ``private email accounts.'' Is that fair? ``The Board was telling me I couldn't use my private email accounts.''    Why did the Board know it was against the rules but you didn't?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK, but that's not what you said. You said, ``The Board was tell me I couldn't use my''--did Mr. Ehrlich tell you you couldn't use your emails?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK. Who was on the Board at that time?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK. Who told you at that--who on the Board told you you could not use your private emails, it was problematic?    Mr. Mulvaney. And are you testifying, or is it the guy behind you in the dark hair?    Mr. Mulvaney. No, it was. It was.    Mr. Mulvaney. I'm just reading your testimony. ``The Board was telling me that I couldn't use my private''--and we assume the next word is ``email.'' So I'm asking you, who on the Board told you that?    Mr. Mulvaney. Did you know that it was improper to use your private email accounts?    Mr. Mulvaney. Should you have known?    Mr. Mulvaney. Were there other people on the Board who knew it was inappropriate?    Mr. Mulvaney. And, again, is it the guy behind you who's giving you the answers, or are you going to testify?    Mr. Mulvaney. Would you identify the gentleman in the dark hair behind you, please?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK. Is he testifying today? Is he under oath? Did he just----    Mr. Mulvaney . Feed you the answer to that question I gave you?    Mr. Mulvaney. Did he just tell you the answer to my question was ``no''? Is that what he just said to you?    Mr. Mulvaney. You can't hear him at all?    Mr. Mulvaney. Because we can see him. Everybody up here can see him.    Mr. Mulvaney. Let's go back to my question. You just said you didn't know it was inappropriate to use your emails in March 2013. And I'm asking you, did any members of your Board know it was inappropriate or problematic?    Mr. Mulvaney. But then why did you tell Mr. Chaffetz in June 2014 that the Board was telling me I couldn't use my private emails?    Mr. Mulvaney. Did you make the statement because it was a true statement?    Mr. Mulvaney. So I'm asking you again--but the Board didn't tell you you couldn't use your private emails. You've already said that. You can't remember anybody on the Board telling you that. You can't identify anybody who knew it was against the rules. The Board didn't tell it was problematic, did they?    Mr. Mulvaney. All right. Should you have known?    Mr. Mulvaney. Was there anybody else at your agency that knew? Was there anybody else who knew it was problematic to use emails?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK.    You retire in 15 weeks.    By the way, Mr. Sullivan, did you ever come across any evidence that Dr. Moure-Eraso continued to use his private emails after he knew it was problematic or against the law or in violation of the Federal Records Act?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK. Thank you very much. And I wish I had more time to explore that.    Dr. Moure-Eraso, you retire in 15 weeks. Do you believe that retiring bureaucrats who break the law should be entitled to their full retirement package?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK.    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you believe----    Mr. Mulvaney. I'm not asking you about that. I'm just asking you your personal opinion as a 30-year public servant. Do you think that public servants who give misleading testimony to Congress should be entitled to their full retirement package?    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you believe that any lifetime bureaucrat who is held in contempt of Congress should be entitled to their full retirement package?    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mulvaney. I appreciate that, and I appreciate the panel staying and the chairman allowing the indulgence of. Just a couple of followup questions.    First, Dr. Moure-Eraso, the ranking member asked you why you didn't sign the compliance statement when you turned over your email documents. I have your letter, which you provided earlier, and then I have the statement which isn't here, and there are two things I want to draw to your attention, the statement that you didn't sign.    This isn't the statement they asked you to sign. There's the introductory paragraph about who you are, who you asked, and by the inspector general to fill out some stuff. So if I mention--the next sentence, In good faith, I have made a diligent search of all the records and communications, and you sort of say that in your--in your letter.    Then you say--the next thing in the section of the document you didn't sign asked you to affirm that your methodology to collect email records included conducting a search of personal email, which is such and such, and to use the following search term, ``Jason Zuckerman,'' ``Peter Broida,'' et cetera, et cetera. And your document that you did draft or your counsel drafted for you and that you signed said that you searched the names that the IG had requested, so so far so good.    Then the next paragraph of the document you didn't sign says, I also developed the additional search terms based upon my review in order to make sure my search included the full scope of email communications pertaining to official CSB matters. And there is places where you could have filled in the blank for additional search terms. Now, your letter didn't speak to that. Did you use any other search terms other than the names that were given to you by the IG?    Mr. Mulvaney. No, well, I'll read them to you. And again, I'm not trying to trick you. The search terms were ``Jason Zuckerman,'' ``Peter Broida,'' ``Daniel Horowitz,'' ``Christopher Warner,'' ``Office of Special Counsel,'' ``OSC,'' ``SC,'' and ``special counsel.'' So I guess the question is, in the next paragraph of a document you didn't sign, there is an opportunity to disclose other search terms that you might have used in looking for the documents.    Mr. Mulvaney. Did you use any search terms other than those I've just read to you in searching your documents?    Mr. Mulvaney. When you searched those terms, you drew blanks in your private emails?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK. All right. That's interesting.    Mr. Mulvaney. Yes.    Mr. Mulvaney. OK.    Mr. Mulvaney. All right.    The last paragraph says, ``The materials provided to the EPA are genuine and complete,'' and you say that in your document.    This is the last substantive sentence of the document you didn't sign: ``I took no intentional action to destroy, delete, or remove any official CSB email communication in my possession.'' That's missing from here. Why is that?    Mr. Mulvaney. No, I'm asking----    Mr. Mulvaney. Why didn't you put that in your letter?    Mr. Mulvaney. It wasn't required? No, it was required. It was in a document that they sent you. And you didn't sign this document.    Mr. Cummings asked you a question----    Mr. Mulvaney. I can--I just read it to you.    Mr. Mulvaney. You haven't looked at this document?    Mr. Mulvaney. Did you want to give him the document?    Mr. Mulvaney. Dr. Moure-Eraso, did you intentionally, or I guess unintentionally, destroy, delete, or remove any official----    Mr. Mulvaney. I'd be happy to.    Mr. Mulvaney. You're welcome.    Mr. Mulvaney. Yes, sir.    Mr. Mulvaney. All right. Then I think we leave open for now, Doctor, the question that the ranking member asked you, which is why you didn't sign the document. But I appreciate that.    Before we let you go, Mr. Ehrlich, you said some things just a few minutes ago that caught my attention. It was not part of my original questioning, but I'm fascinated by it.    What is a scoping document?    Mr. Mulvaney. When did you learn that? When did you learn what a scoping document was?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK.    I'm looking at the motion that the gentleman from Georgia asked you about--it's, I don't know, 10 pages double-sided--that you said you offered after being there for about 3 weeks. Is that correct?    I guess, let me ask the question a different way.    Dr. Moure-Eraso, were you involved in drafting this document?    Mr. Mulvaney. Were you involved in drafting this document?    Mr. Mulvaney. Did you instruct somebody to draft all or part of it?    Mr. Mulvaney. You've never asked anybody to draft any part of this amendment----    Mr. Mulvaney . This motion?    Mr. Mulvaney. No, that wasn't my question. Did you ask anybody to work on this motion?    Mr. Mulvaney. Who did?    Mr. Mulvaney. So this is just your work.    Mr. Mulvaney. Oh, I'm sorry. Yes, I'm out of time. Thanks.