    Ms. Espinel. Sorry. Ms. Espinel. I do that. I apologize. Thanks. Victoria.    Ms. Espinel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and Members of the Subcommittee.    Ms. Espinel. Maybe mine is off. Can I borrow yours? Thank you.    Ms. Espinel. Thank you. My name is Victoria Espinel, and thank you for the opportunity to testify today on behalf of BSA | The Software Alliance. Promoting international trade by eliminating barriers for cross-border data flows is a top priority for us and for our members. And today's hearing presents a tremendous opportunity to explore three areas: First, the growing importance of data and digital trade; second, forward-looking efforts to expand such trades through agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and troubling recent developments in Europe and other markets that could derail these potential opportunities.    International trade is critical to our members, and as is the case for many other sectors, international trade for our members increasingly involves data services and digital, rather than physical transactions. The economic implications of the software-enabled data revolution are enormous. Economists predict that making better use of data could lead to a data dividend of $1.6 trillion in the next 4 years. And that efficiency gains alone could add almost $15 trillion to the global GDP by 2030. That's an amount that's equal to the current economy of the United States.    But beyond the economic implications, data is central to the lives of billions of people around the world. Farmers use data to reduce pesticides in water use while increasing yields; families are cutting down on their commute times; cities are redesigning transportation routes that save time and reduce pollution; doctors are using data to save the lives of premature babies and do research on Alzheimer's; people around the world are using data to improve their lives.    Because the actual processing and analysis of data often takes place in various locations that are miles, or even continents apart, it is critically important to be able to move data freely across national borders. And as excited as BSA members are about the potential for software and data-driven innovation to spur growth, we are deeply concerned about steps that several U.S. trading partners have considered, or taken to erect barriers to digital trade and cross-border data flows, including Brazil, Nigeria, China, Russia, and many others.    These barriers take many forms. Sometimes they expressly require the data stay in country, or they impose unreasonable conditions in order to send it abroad, and other cases, they require the use of domestic data centers or other equipment.    In light of the troubling growth and barriers to data flows, BSA members welcome the recently concluded TPP. We understand, based on briefings and discussions with U.S. and TPP partners, that the agreement include several commitments that are vital to digital trade.    First, robust commitments on cross-border data flows, including explicit prohibitions on data and server localization mandates; second, a prohibition against imposing custom duties on digital products; and third, prohibitions against requiring companies to disclose software service code as a condition of competing in the market.    This is the first time that strong enforceable rules on data have been included in the FTA agreement, and it is a historic opportunity. We look toward to studying carefully the final text, and to working with the Administration and Members of Congress as the agreement moves forward.    While we are pleased by the important rules that the TPP will provide with many of our transpacific trading partners, we are concerned about potential new obstacles that have recently arisen with our biggest transatlantic trading partner, the European Union.    As the Subcommittee is aware, the European Court of Justice recently handed down a decision that invalidates the Safe Harbor, a mechanism that nearly 5,000 U.S. companies of all sizes have relied on for more than a decade, to facilitate digital commerce with customers, suppliers, and partners in Europe. The invalidation of Safe Harbor has broad ramifications with transatlantic trade, not only for software, but for many other sectors of the economy as well.    The current situation has led to uncertainty for Europeans and American individuals and the businesses that serve their needs and the millions of customers that are served by them. We encourage Congress and the U.S. Government to respond with urgency and focus. And we thank each and every member of this Committee for their vote or Judicial Redress Act, and we hope that the Senate follows your lead.    Our members work hard to build privacy and security into their products and services, and are committed to protecting the data in their care, regardless of where that data originates. We are ready to work with Congress and the U.S. Government and with the EU and its member states, to ensure that data continues to move across our borders for the benefit of both Americans and Europeans.    Thank you, again, for providing this opportunity to share our views on these important matters, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Espinel. I was just going to point out that there is a certain irony in a country like Nigeria, which is one of the countries that's putting in place things like data localization laws.    Ms. Espinel. When I think the processes that we have in the United States to protect due processes and civil liberties. I think our system would stand up well against their system. So Nigerial is one of the countries of the concern, and there is a certain irony there.    Ms. Espinel. Thank you. So we are very concerned about the revocation of the Safe Harbor, and it has implications not just for software, but across our economic sectors. The cross-border data is used by nearly 5,000 companies, some of them large, many of them quite small, that use it to do all sorts of things, including process payrolls so that their employees get paid at home.    So we have significant concerns about the European Court of Justice decision that undermine the process put in place by the Safe Harbor. That said, we do think there is a path forward, and we think there are three things that need to happen: The first is that we need as, quickly as possible, to have the U.S. and the European negotiators come to agreement on a new Safe Harbor; the second thing is we need to have some reasonable, appropriate period of time for companies to be able to come into compliance with the new rules under that Safe Harbor; but third, because we know this will continue to evolve and change, we need to work together, the United States and Europe, industry and Congress, on coming up with a global, sustainable long-term solution. It's clear that we need a new global framework for data and how it moves. And that needs to be an important part of the process as well.    I'll just say lastly, going to the point that Mr. MacCarthy made, passage of the Judicial Redress Act by the House is tremendously helpful, and so we thank all of you for your vote on that, and we hope the Senate follows your lead. That is, you know, important, both for our own domestic system, but is also helpful in terms of concluding negotiations on the Safe Harbor with Europe.    Ms. Espinel. So I think the risks and some of the options for small companies can be even more serious than for the large companies. So I would say a couple of things: One is specifically with respect to the Safe Harbor, as I said, the United States and Europe need to come together on a new agreement as quickly as possible. There needs to be some appropriate period of time for companies to come into compliance.    And then we need a long-term sustainable solution. But picking up on what Dr. Atkinson said, part of that is making sure that we have a good global framework for how data moves around and pushing back on restrictions of data.    You know, when I think about kind of the moment that we're in with data, and, you know, we live in a world where data is increasingly important, not just to big companies, but to small companies, not just to software, but to all of our sectors, it is an interesting fact that there is no comprehensive enforceable trade rules on data.    So it's kind of--you know, we're sort of at the moment that intellectual property was back in the Uruguay round, when the WTO was being established. There were no global rules on intellectual property in the trading system. That was a very difficult negotiation, but it was also very farsighted, on behalf of the United States and the other trading partners, to come together at the end of the Uruguay round, and agree to a global framework for intellectual property rules.    And I think that is exactly the moment that we are in right now with data. It is clear that it is a complicated new issue. It is also clear that it is going to be a driver of the U.S. economy and the global economy, and we need U.S. and other countries to lead on this issue and establish a global framework.    I think TPP, we understand, it could be--based on what we know about it, it could be the beginning of that. I think it's a real historic opportunity. But we are going to need to have those rules applied broadly across the world.    Ms. Espinel. An example of the impact that it's having?    Ms. Espinel. So, you know, an example of an impact that could happen if data stops moving back and forth is the ability to process payroll, as an example. Warranty information that U.S. consumers rely on would be at risk. So there are a number of real-life development--real-life impacts.    In cybersecurity, one of the maxims is that information is to follow the sun. So if you have information about a threat, you want to have that in the hands of cybersecurity experts, wherever they are in the world while they are awake, and restricting the data moving back and forth in the United States and Europe could put that at risk.    So I think there are a number of real world impacts. But, you know, even at a more macro level, the promise and the efficiencies that are brought about by cloud computing and by data analytics simply do not work if information cannot move around as efficiently as possible.    And I think one of the things that the trade barriers in the various countries that we see around the world, and the situation in Europe is putting at risk, is putting a shadow on an industry that has enormous potential, but is still at a relatively early stage. And I think putting a shadow on the development of where remote computing can go and where data analytics can go at this early stage of its development is extremely troubling.    Ms. Espinel. So, again, with the caveat that we have not seen the final text, our understanding is that the TPP has strong commitments on all of those provisions. First, on cross-border data trade and on pushing back on data localization; obviously, we would like that to be as comprehensive as possible. But our understanding is that, overall, the commitments there are strong. Our understanding is that there are prohibitions on imposing Custom duties on digital services, which is also important.    And our understanding is that, I believe for the first time ever, there are prohibitions on forcing companies to disclose source code in order to compete in a market. Those are all very important to us. And, again, based on the reports that we have heard, TPP contains strong and enforceable rules in those areas.    Ms. Espinel. Well, I hope and expect that they are there. If they were not there, I think it would be an enormous missed opportunity. We were talking earlier about the fact that this is really the future, not just of the U.S. economy, but of the global economy as a whole. There are also enormous societal benefits that come from data analytics in cloud computing.    Ms. Espinel. And in order for us to see the potential of those, it's enormously important that we have a global system of trading rules that gives clarity and predictability to the system.    Ms. Espinel. Yes. And I think it's, in part, because the rules in that area, as in other areas, are unclear. So, you know, one of the things that I think is clear is that we need a new global framework. And part of that needs to be addressing the fact that the rules right now on how U.S. law enforcement and foreign law enforcement can access data in the trading partners are unclear.    You are one of the cosponsors and introducers of the LEADS Act. We think that that would be--that approach would be a helpful part of the solution. We think it would be helpful, both, because it would give our businesses, but also their customers, whose data they keep, and law enforcement, a clear and predictable framework for how to access information.    We additionally think it would be helpful because without that, we fear our current system in the United States will open the door for foreign governments to be able to reach back into the United States for the data of our citizens, and that is a situation is that we would like to avoid.    Ms. Espinel. Yes. So there are a number of examples. There's a case that is actually being litigated right now in the U.S. courts between Microsoft and the Department of Justice involving data that is held in an Irish data center. The Department of Justice, making a request to get that data, and Microsoft's view that the request is inappropriate under U.S. law.    That is a real-life example that is being litigated in the courts right now. We will see what the outcome from the courts are, but we are concerned that if the outcome of that case is inconsistent with the position that Microsoft has taken in which the software industry is supportive of, as a whole, that this will open the door to other governments being able to reach back into the United States.    And so there is a domestic issue that we need to resolve absolutely, but part of the reason that we are so concerned about that is because of the international implications of that and what that would mean for our system and the privacy of our citizens back at home.    Ms. Espinel. I think there are differences in approaches between the United States and Europe. But I reject the notion actually that United States and Europe are that different on privacy. Yes, Europeans care deeply about privacy. Americans care deeply about privacy, too. It is enshrined in our Constitution. We have a long history of protecting privacy.    I think there are improvements to our laws that have been made, or are in the process of being made. So I think the USA Freedom Act was a significant step forward, and I thank all of you for that. I think Judicial Redress Act is also a step forward, and hopefully, again, the Senate will pass it.    I think one of the things that will be really helpful in the environment that we live in today is for there to be a constructive dialogue between the United States and Europe to truly understand our different systems. Because as I said, I don't think the differences are as far apart as people sometimes portray them.    And if I could respectfully make a request of the members of this Subcommittee, I think when you're in discussions with your European counterparts, I think one of the things that would be very helpful is to explain to European counterparts how our privacy system works in the United States, some of the recent improvements that have been made in the privacy system, and try to lessen the amount of misunderstanding that I think exists today.    Ms. Espinel. I would just say briefly that I think these are clearly new issues, and they are complicated issues. I think the introduction of the LEADS Act and the work that's done--and I thank both you and Ms. DelBene for your work on that--demonstrates that while they are new issues and they are complicated issues, we as the United States, can still show leadership on these issues and try to move forward with various ways to approach them.    And I think that's extremely important. I do think that we need to bring other governments into that. I think having international consensus around these issues is going to be very important. But the United States, I think, will inevitably need to show the way. And I thank members for their leadership that has already been shown on this issue.    Ms. Espinel. Sorry?    Ms. Espinel. I would just say, the Department of Justice right now is in a situation where they don't know exactly what the rule is. And that lack of clarity, predictability is not helpful for law enforcement either. I think the LEADS Act would be helpful in making it clear and predictable for everyone involved, including law enforcement.    Ms. Espinel. I would be happy to. I will start by saying that our company take the privacy issues very seriously, so those do need to be addressed.    But, you know, I think we are living in exciting times. So here is a kind of incredible fact: If you look at all the data that exists in the world today, 98 percent of it was created in the last 2 years alone. That is extraordinary. That is obviously without precedent, and that is a rate of change that is going to continue to increase.    That has enormous implications for businesses, but it also has enormous implications for human beings who can use that data. And already today, even though this is an early stage, I think, for data, we're seeing enormous societal impact. So we're seeing them, you know, in cities that are using them to reduce pollution. Doctors are using data to make diagnoses more quickly.    There's an example that relates to saving lives of premature babies that are in NICUs that is, sort of, personally very meaningful to me. There is research being done on Alzheimer's. Farmers are using them to increase their yields while reducing the use of pesticides. So I think the societal benefits from data, data used properly, are enormous.    And beyond that, there are enormous economic benefits. So a conservative estimate of the gains from efficiency--so one of the things that businesses in the United States and Europe and around the world say is that using data helps them to be more efficient. And generally speaking, they report sort of a 5- to 6 percent increase in efficiency.    If you take a very conservative estimate and assume that there will be a 1 percent gain in efficiency, we are talking about creating $15 trillion to the world economy by 2030. That is equivalent to another U.S. economy. So both from the economic point of view, from the ability of small businesses, as panelists talked about before, to have access to international markets in a way that was never possible before, and in terms of some of the societal benefits we've seen, there is enormous promise.    And I will just conclude by saying, while there is enormous promise, it is early days. And so one of the reasons that we are concerned about some of the trade barriers that we see around the world is because we fear it will cast a shadow on innovation to come.    Ms. Espinel. I think it's inevitably the case that legal systems around the world are going to need to adjust to the world that we live in. You know, there's country's individual laws, and then there's sort of the global trading system that also needs to address.    And we've talked about some of the pieces of legislation that we think could be helpful, like the Judicial Redress Act, in trying to repair--be part of the solution to getting us to a new Safe Harbor. We've talked about the LEADS Act. You know, I think this is a rapidly-evolving landscape, so I think it's entirely possible that we will need further legislative change in the United States, and I am very confident that we will need legislative change in other countries of the world.    And I will close by saying, I think it is imperative that we have a global trading system that sets up strong and enforceable rules or data. Without that predictability around the world, I think it will be very difficult, not just for U.S. companies, but for all companies.    Ms. Espinel. So I could talk about this almost indefinitely. I will try to be very brief. So I'll just highlight a couple of things: One is, I think, you know, other countries, sometimes the motivations are about trying to grow their domestic industry or trying to keep U.S. industry out of their markets. And so that is a reason, or can be a motivation for why countries put in place restrictions to keep barriers out.    But I think, you know, as I alluded to before, I think part of the issue is that these are new cutting-edge issues. And so I think not just the United States, but countries around the world are struggling with how do you balance security and privacy appropriately?    And so that is why I think, while I believe the U.S. will and needs to show leadership on this, I also think it's incredibly important that it's not the U.S. going out and saying this is our solution, and we think this should be imposed on the rest of the world. I think there does need to be international consensus.    I am fully aware of the fact that not every country in the world is going to want to be, or be able to be at that table right away, but I do think there are a number of countries where the United States could start having discussions about what norms of those areas should look like, and that would be very productive.    Ms. Espinel. Just briefly. Yes, I think those are all areas that Congress should consider. I would speak to two of them. We are concerned about movements undermining encryption and we've made that clear. And we also very much support EPCA and would urge its quick passage by Congress. Thank you.    Ms. Espinel. Yes. I should just say--and I will check on this--but we have been concerned about the U.K.'s moves toward requiring backdoors to encryption and have raised that with the U.K. Government. My understanding is that most recently, the U.K. Government has stepped back from that and has said that they are not going to be requiring backdoors to encryption in the legislation that is moving through the U.K. system.    So I will check to confirm that and come back to you. But we view that as a very positive step, because, not to take too much time, but part of the reason that we are concerned about encryption here in the United States is not just because of here in the United States, but because of the precedent overseas.    And so if my understanding is correct, and the U.K. Government yesterday said they would move forward with their legislation without those requirements to backdoors, we view that as, at least, one positive step in this discussion.    Ms. Espinel. Sure. So I would say, there's a short term and a long term. I think short term, we need to encourage the United States and Europe to come to an agreement on new Safe Harbor. We don't believe--we do not believe we need new U.S. legislation to do that, although we do hope the Judicial Redress Act passes as soon as possible. And I think Congress has a role to play in working with your European counterparts to encourage Europe to come to the table and to reach an agreement as quickly as possible on a Safe Harbor 2.0.    But then looking at the long term, I think it is also clear that is not our long-term solution. We're going to need a global solution. We're going to need something that is flexible and principled-base, and I think Congress absolutely should play a role in working with the Administration and working with industries and working with your counterparts around the world and helping to determine what that long-term solution is going to look like.    Ms. Espinel. So I would just say, I'll take that to be a serious proposal, and I would like to give it serious consideration. But I could just make two observations, free trade zones work, in part, because they fit inside of a global trading system that has rules. And so, I think part of--a prerequisite to this would be to have that global trading system of rules for data.    Ms. Espinel. Thank you. Well, I would start off by thanking you for holding this hearing and focusing on attention on this issue. Having been given the extra time, I would just reiterate two things I said before.    Ms. Espinel. Clearly, this one.    Ms. Espinel. I think in terms of the trade barriers that we have talked about, we have been playing policy Whac-a-Mole for over 5 years. There are countries around the world that have been considering trade barriers, putting trade barriers forward, and our hope and expectation is that TPP will be, at least, a start of a mechanism to push back on those. And so if it does what we believe that it does, it is a truly historic opportunity.    The second thing is just, if I could go back to the U.S. EU's Safe Harbor, because it is sort of an issue of immediate concern. I agree with Mr. MacCarthy. All indications are that that we will--the United States and Europe will be able to come to a quick conclusion on the Safe Harbor 2.0, but anything that Congress can do to encourage U.S. and Europe to come together on that would be--would be great, but we need to bear in mind that if the Safe Harbor is concluded, and if there's an appropriate period of time for U.S. companies to come into compliance, that--that will only get us so far, and then we are going to immediately need to turn to working out what our long-term solution will be. Because I do not believe that the next Safe Harbor will be that long-term solution.