    Mr. Schweikert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Secretary, we really are appreciative that you have given us this much time. Let's see if I can bounce through a series of concepts and questions as fast as possible. You have an executive risk officer. Has that risk officer signed off on where you are going right now ratio-wise?    Mr. Schweikert. That risk officer has put their little stamp or seal, or however it is done, saying where we are at is acceptable, and our growth in the reserves is acceptable?    Mr. Schweikert. But they said yes?    Mr. Schweikert. But that is not a risk officer's job. A risk officer's job is sort of a binary, ``go, no go.'' Did they give you a ``go'' or a ``no?''    Mr. Schweikert. Okay, so you so far have a risk officer who has basically been part of the team but been silent on this is acceptable where we are at. And it is okay to grab something from the staff because that is a big--    Mr. Schweikert. Typically we want them to sign things, and look, remember, you are managing a huge book of business as ultimately a loan guarantor, and the Risk Officer is comfortable with your ratios where you are at and where you are going. Has that Risk Officer also sat down with you and said, here is what happens if over the next 24 months, 36 months, we move into an upward-moving interest rate environment?    Mr. Schweikert. One of my side suggestions, because you and your brother--many folks believe have great political projectories, have them sign off on it as just sort of an indemnification of life. Remember, black swans do happen. Do you know what your 60-day impairment is?    Mr. Schweikert. Yes, right now, last month, what was your impairment on 60-day?    Mr. Schweikert. It is a quick mission question. If you were to define the mission of the FHA guarantee system, when I am one of those who got his real estate license when he was literally still in high school. So I remember sitting through those classes, and looking at your age, it was probably long before you were even paying any attention to this. We used to hear the stories--FHA first-time home buyers. What do you think the mission of an FHA loan is today?    Mr. Schweikert. And when we heard the discussions that bounce up around here of you are also a countercyclical provider, do you roll that into part of your FHA's mission?    Mr. Schweikert. I would love to, and staffers, can you send me that data, just because there is something, I believe, wrong in those calculations, so I would love to get my hands on that. For many of us who have spent our lives around substantially what you are specializing in now, and this may be a difference between one side of the dais to the other side, a neighborhood has a foreclosure. It is bad. Two, three foreclosures, it is now the entire neighborhood that begins in a cascade effect of suffering. And so in many ways, that mission you talk about is to help that hardworking taxpayer have access to credit, but at the same time, I would beg of you to also think about the entire neighborhood, and the protection of the entire neighborhood from what happens when the cascade effect begins. And with that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.