    Mr. Colby. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Sherman and distinguished members of the committee, thank you very much for inviting me to testify today on the South China Sea.    It's an honor to speak with you on this matter of such importance to our Nation and to the Asia Pacific as a whole.    Put forthrightly, the United States should press back more firmly against China's assertiveness in the South China Sea both directly and indirectly, and Washington should be must less shy about doing so.    This course is likely to be more successful and stabilizing and, indeed, actually less risky than our current one, which is defined by a strange hesitancy on our part.    Right now, China appears to believe it can rock the boat and that we will take pains to right it. We seem to be more nervous about China's will and ability to escalate and the threat that such firmness would have on our broader relationship with Beijing than they are. This is strange, because despite what President Duterte says, we still hold many commanding advantages.    Our hesitancy seems to be leading Beijing to think it can continue pushing into the South China Sea and beyond. But, it is also leading regional states, both allies and partners as well as fence-sitters, to wonder whether it is prudent to work with us to balance and constrain China's assertiveness.    If Washington is so anxious and tepid when we are still so strong, what does that say about our willingness to act as China grows stronger in the coming years? It certainly cannot and does not inspire confidence.    Rectifying the situation requires resolute American leadership and sustained strength. Otherwise, states in the region are likely to be pulled toward accommodating rather than balancing Beijing.    Moreover, the situation today is more serious than is often admitted. The perception of American irresolution risks hardening into a judgment, and China's militarized islands in the Spratlys already pose more of a threat to U.S. forces and regional states than is commonly appreciated.    So what should we do? Our actions should be guided by two overarching principles. First, we need to demonstrate greater resolve and willingness to bear and assume risk.    Second, we need to build up our allies' and partners' military and economic strength. In the first category, we should do the following.    Conduct more FONOPs and conduct them more assertively, while describing their purpose and justification more candidly and unabashedly.    At the same time, we should also conduct intense presence operations beyond those designed to vindicate U.S. legal positions. We should further encourage other like-minded countries like Japan, Australia, India and France, which has offered to coordinate EU patrols, to conduct their own FONOPs and/or presence operations either with us or separately.    Secondly, we should shrink the white hull loophole China is exploiting by making clear we will respond to coercion or aggression by such ``white hull ships'' with whatever means we deem appropriate, including military force.    China must not get a free pass by using technically nonmilitary ships for coercion or worse.    Third, we should deter Beijing's militarization of Scarborough Shoal by showing resolve, demonstrating our capability and studying the merits of extending the mutual defense treaty with Manila to the shoal.    Resolve is important, but military and economic power are even more so. China will only realistically be constrained if we are sufficiently strong. Accordingly, we need to strengthen our own hand and those of like mind. Thus, we should do the following.    First, increase and extend U.S. military advantages and presence in the region. This means prioritizing and maintaining our conventional advantage in the Western Pacific through efforts like the Third Offset and related initiatives.    Congress should fund and support these initiatives forward into the next administration. It also means increasing combat-credible U.S. presence in the region including by continuing to shift forces and especially higher-end forces to the region.    Second, we should deepen military and other links with allies and partners and encourage their own indigenous efforts. This means expanding on the EDCA with Manila, despite the current turbulence in the relationship, capitalizing on Japan's interest in a broader footprint in the region and following through on openings to deepen engagement with states like India, Vietnam and Indonesia.    U.S. efforts should especially focus on building up like-minded states' ability to resist or complicate Chinese assertiveness, both at the gray zone level through assistance with maritime domain awareness and more patrol craft and the like, but also selectively at the higher end by helping to develop anti-access area denial capabilities of their own.    Third, and perhaps more importantly, we need to maintain U.S. economic leadership and leverage by ratifying TPP. A successful effort to balance China depends on a sense in the region of U.S. economic strength and leadership, especially in light of China's efforts to translate its own economic power into political leverage through efforts like the ``One Belt One Road'' initiative. TPP is crucial to such a successful effort.    Conversely, rejecting TPP would deal a blow, and perhaps a very formidable one, to the U.S. position in the region. The Congress should therefore provide its advice and consent to the pact's ratification as expeditiously as possible.    In sum, if the United States and other states fail to stop the expansion of China's power over the South China Sea, Beijing's ambitions are only likely to grow. If we succeed, however, a more stable and enduring balance is likely to result.    Accordingly, we must get the South China Sea right. I hope that the steps offered here would contribute to that goal. I look forward to any questions you might have.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Colby. Thanks very much, Mr. Chairman.    I mean, I think the legal issues are very important but fundamentally this is a strategic issue and what China appears to be pursuing or feeling its way toward with these salami-slicing tactics is ultimately military and political economic dominance, which will allow them not just to project power in the immediate area but beyond and not just in the immediate seas.    And I think the fundamental issue, sir, that you're alluding to is why would China stop and why would we expect them to stop.    If they're able to push forward and make a lot of progress and achieve power that they can use then why stop? I think we know, given their behavior, their ambitions which have expanded markedly, even in their own rhetoric and certainly their behavior in the last few years as well given their ideological system, their approach to domestic international order, it is going to be in a way that's unfriendly to the kind of order that we have built and sustained.    So, you know, just thinking about it rationally, if they're smart poker players, they're going to keep--they're going to keep raising if they're able to do so successfully.    And I think the other point, sir, that you're raising is right now is crucial because there are a whole lot of allies, partners and fence sitters and a lot of those allies, partners, and fence sitters and they're determining right now, okay, China is Asia's rising behemoth. Is it safe, is it prudent to affiliate with the United States to work to constrain and balance China's assertiveness? They're making decisions right now, and it is going to be a tough and continuing struggle.    If we are tepid and irresolute now, when we still have so many advantages, what does that say about the future? You have to say if you're a lot of those countries, I better make my case now because I don't want to stand naked before China, having alienated them.    Mr. Colby. Sir, if I could comment. I agree with you completely, and I actually think that the inequities of the burden sharing are a real problem.    But, actually, I think the way to address it--first of all, because China is so powerful, we do need to take the lead.    But, actually, that leadership role will be more likely to catalyse that burden sharing because it is going to be so competitive with the Chinese that the Japanese are going to need to, and they should spend more. It's embarrassing they're only spending 1 percent on defense.    Mr. Colby. Yes.    Mr. Colby. Yes.    Mr. Colby. Thank you very much, Congressman. I pretty much agree with everything you said.    So, just kind of building on that, I mean, I'd just say one--the one note of caution I'd sound is that I think our military advantages in the region are not as great as are sometimes supposed.    There's some very good unclassified analysis, for instance, by the RAND Corporation in their Scorecard report last year that showed that in a contingency over Taiwan or the South China Sea, if you just look out a couple years and the trend lines are not good--it could be very stressing for the United States and the nature of the conflict would be so difficult to control that it'll be a much larger thing.    And if you think our resolve is these are a bunch of rocks, the Chinese are aware of this, and that's why this perception now of trying to influence and show that we are going to stay.    And I think, addressing the ranking member's point, why it is so important to focus on this issue because China is the one country that could plausibly defeat us in a large conventional war if we don't play our cards right.    The Russians, if we don't play our cards right, could use nuclear weapons or the threat to terminate a conflict. But the others--you know, North Korea presents a very, very serious problem but the Chinese, if we don't play our cards right in the Western Pacific, we could be on the losing end and that will be a very, very different Asia.    So I think that's why we've got to front load resolve and show that we are committed and that we are focused, and then make the investments to maintain that high end. I think that is what the Pentagon is trying to do and I commend them for it.    Mr. Colby. Well, Congressman, I hate to--I don't know if this is good form, but I'd beg to ask you that question. I hope so. I mean, you know, I am certainly no economist and I don't, you know, accept appeals to authority on that basis.    But I did notice that I think the heads of the Council of Economic Advisors of the last, you know, six or seven administrations of both parties suggested it was good on trade grounds.    I am sure it is not perfect but no trade agreement, by definition, is going to be perfect, and I do know it demands a lot of sacrifice from countries like Japan that have resisted opening up for a long time.    And I think you put it exactly right, sir. If we don't set the terms of trade, this is essentially a gift to China, and I think Prime Minister Lee of Singapore and Prime Minister Abe of Japan and others have been quite frank in public, and I can only imagine in private, about what it will do to our position, but also to the kind of region that we want.    And, you know, when I am in Asia you often sort of get this idea oh, the Americans, are they going to be around? I point out, look, the United States, well before it got involved in Europe, opened up Japan in 1853 with the black ships and, you know, the open door policy of John Hay.    And this has been--this has been something that goes back to the beginning of the Republic 200 years ago. This is a core interest of the United States, and so no one should think that this is something new that we took on as part of post-World War     No, this is really core and, you know, I know foreign policy arguments don't necessarily trump pocketbook ones, but I think they should be balanced, and I hope that Congress will move forward on it.