    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for holding this hearing today.    I have to tell Ms. DeGette that this is actually the first time that I have been a member of the O&I Subcommittee, so I am very happy.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you. So this year, we are seeing a severe flu season. Across the country, hospitalization rates are higher, especially for seniors over age 65, and for young children, and public health experts predict these flu activity levels will continue and even increase in the next few weeks.    The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention continues to recommend that we all get the flu vaccine. Initial estimates show that this year's flu vaccine is 23 percent effective, meaning that 23 percent of those vaccinated for the flu will still have to visit a doctor because of the flu. But despite being less effective this year than the recent past, flu shots will still protect against and decrease the severity of flu-related illnesses. Moreover, flu shots don't only protect the vaccinated, they also protect those who have not been vaccinated from getting sick, and as members of Congress, I think we all have to play a role to ensure that message gets out and it is not too late to get your flu vaccine.    This hearing is also a good opportunity to talk about how we can improve vaccination rates. We took important steps in the ACA to provide coverage for preventative services like immunizations. Since the law went into effect, nearly 76 million Americans have received no-cost coverage for preventative services, and as millions more receive coverage through the ACA, we hope to see the vaccination rate improve so that we can realize the benefits of a better-protected population. However, we still must improve public awareness, and continue to improve access to these preventative services. This is especially of concern as we hear reports of the measles outbreak that began at Disneyland, and is now spreading throughout the country. Just yesterday, the President urged all parents to get their children vaccinated against measles, and I would certainly echo his comments.    Dr. Tom Frieden, who heads the CDC, is warning that the U.S. could see a large outbreak of measles. There are now over 100 cases in 14 States, and measles is extremely contagious, 90 percent of those exposed to the disease will be infected unless they have been vaccinated. According to Dr. Frieden, there has been growing evidence that more parents are not vaccinating their children against measles, and that these lower vaccination rates have led to the latest increase in measles cases. The CDC is further assuring families, and parents especially, that the measles vaccine is safe and effective, and we were able to eliminate measles in the U.S. in 2000, largely because of a highly effective vaccination program. So it is important to reiterate that measles is a preventable disease for which there are safe, effective and available vaccines.    So I look forward to hearing from our public health officials today about how we can improve vaccination rates for the flu, but we also need to learn how we can improve vaccination rates for the future for other infectious diseases, including measles.    I know that Ms. DeGette mentioned that both herself and Mr. Green and myself sent a letter yesterday asking for a hearing with regard to the measles public health emergency, and I hope that we can actually see that occur. I think it would be very important. And I just want to thank everyone.    And I would now yield the balance of my time to Representative Castor.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to start out with Dr. Midthun. I am concerned about the low flu vaccine rate for children. By November 2014, only 42 percent of children between the ages of 6 months and 17 years have been vaccinated for the flu, and I think we need to change this. And, of course, the measles outbreak raises more concerns about childhood vaccination. Yesterday, we mentioned that Ms. DeGette, Mr. Green, and myself called for a separate hearing on the outbreak, and the importance of vaccination to prevent the spread of measles.    I am sorry, actually, my question is of Dr. Schuchat. What can we do to increase childhood vaccination rates, both for the flu and for other infectious diseases?    Mr. Pallone. Well, thank you. Let me continue with you. I know that the flu activity began in early December, and continued to increase through the end of 2014. Has the flu activity peaked for this year, and what data do you evaluate to make that determination?    Mr. Pallone. All right, let me go back now. I did have a question of Dr. Midthun. The flu vaccine comes in different forms. There is the high-dose shot recommended for seniors, a quadrivalent nasal spray recommended for young children, and a recombinant trivalent, I don't know if I am pronouncing it right, recombinant trivalent shot recommended for those with egg allergies. How do you communicate to different groups about the variety of vaccines, and can the greater number of options for vaccines increase the rates?    Mr. Pallone. All right, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.