    Mr. Arthur. Thank you, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson and Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for conducting this hearing today and providing me the opportunity to share my views and personal experiences regarding the state of competition in the pharmacy benefit manager and pharmacy marketplace.    My name is Brad Arthur and I'm a pharmacist owner of the two independent pharmacies in the Black Rock community of Buffalo, New York, a very historic, ethnically diverse and predominantly blue color community. My pharmacies have been serving these communities since 1957 when my dad opened his first pharmacy. I'm also the President of the National Community Pharmacists Association which represents the pharmacists owners, managers and employees of nearly 23,000 independent community pharmacies across the United States.    I'm here today as a healthcare provider, a small-business owner and hopefully to present some of my experiences and those of my fellow independent pharmacists in dealing with the PBM industry.    Community pharmacies represent the most accessible point in patient centered health care, where typically consumers do not need an appointment to talk with a pharmacist about prescription medications, over-the-counter products or really any health related concern.    In this way community pharmacies also serve as the safety net health care provider on the front lines. Not only in natural disasters which occur often in Buffalo, tornados, hurricanes, flooding, whatever it may be, everyday when patients need help, their independent pharmacies are there to assist.    According to the Pharmaceutical Care Management Association, PBM has managed pharmacy benefits for over 253 million Americans. Three large companies lead the PBM market. Express Scripts, CVS Health, and OptumRx. In total the cover more than 180 million lives in the United States or roughly 78 percent of Americans whose pharmacy benefits are managed by a PBM. In addition, the annual revenues for these three entities are staggering. In 2014, annual revenues for Express Scripts were approximately $100.9 billion. Annual revenues for CVS Health were 139.4 billion, and for OptumRx $31.97 billion. In 2015, OptumRx acquired Catamaran and other PBM which reported annual revenues to combine into that number of $21.67 billion.    Why should the Federal Government be concerned about this dynamic for large plans? Including the Federal Medicare part D program which was mentioned today, TRICARE the FEHBP. There are only three PBMs to choose from. Because although there are other PBMs, none of them in spite of what we've heard are large enough to administer the prescription drug benefits for these programs. The big three PBMs control almost 80 percent of the entire market and these PBMs have the upper hand, both in negotiating the contract of the payer, as well as strongly influencing the actual plan design itself. The PBM industry typically states that they can use their economic power to harness enhance market efficiencies, but for whom? However, the staggering annual revenue that continue to grow each year of the big three suggest that these efficiencies are going directly to their corporation's bottom lines.    Small community pharmacies like mine are faced on a daily by basis with the impact of the PBM's disproportionate market power. Community pharmacies routinely must agree to take it or leave it contracts from the PBMs just to continue to serve our long-standing patients.    As if that weren't, enough, the PBMs also directly set the reimbursement rates for pharmacies, the very same pharmacies that stand in direct competition of some of these PBM owned mail order and specialty pharmacies. Therefore it comes as no surprise when the PBMs present employer and government payers with carefully tailored suggested plan designs that steer beneficiaries to these PBM owned entities.    As the owner of two pharmacies, I have limited ability to negotiate network participation or reimbursement terms with these entities. However, from a business standpoint, community pharmacies can't just walk away from these contracts. If we did, I would lose a significant amount of the prescription revenue given the large share of these covered lives that these PBMs represent.    Although many independent community pharmacies rely on pharmacy services organizations to contract on their behalf, these PSAOs are no match for the PBMs. In 2013, the GAO conducted a study on the role and the ownership of the PSAOs and stated that over half we spoke with reported having little success in modifying certain contract terms as a result of the negotiations. This may be due to the PBMs use of standard contract terms in the dominant market share of the largest PBMs. Many PBM contracts contain standard terms and conditions that are largely nonnegotiable.    Mr. Chairman, that's the conclusion of my testimony. I welcome any questions.    Mr. Arthur. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to add that while prescription drug prices have historically gone up at a rate greater than the normal cost of inflation, throughout most of my career, the trend was just the opposite on the generic side. As more generic manufacturers enter the marketplace, the trend has been for the price to come down as the market responds.    What's interesting to note is that these extremely large business entities have the sophistication and the examples that you alluded to mete this out, they have the sophistication to respond to these market fluctuations very quickly. The pharmacists that you heard from are expressing frustrations because when the price of the drugs goes down, the PBMs have no problem implementing those as the basis for reimbursement sometimes overnight. But there is a significant lag that is seriously to the detriment of the independent community pharmacist, because they are often times saddled with dispensing these much needed medications at a loss.    Mr. Arthur. Well, that's a noble go. I don't believe that to be the case. I think the scale that is employed is often for the betterment of the parent corporation. We see numerous examples with the implementation of Medicare part D and the doughnut hole. It wasn't uncommon for us to see patients due to the pricing methodologies at the large PBMs to be thrown in the doughnut hole prematurely.    So we have all discussed about the need to use scale to drive down costs to consumers the reality in the marketplace. We haven't necessarily seen that to be the case.    Mr. Arthur. Sir to answer the first part of your question, 98 percent of my business' is revenue comes from third party agreements, be they private from the private side, the commercial side, or from the government payer side in the form of Medicare--or Medicaid, excuse me. Turning away from that business is not a realistic option that I have. I would have no recourse but to close my doors. So we are in an extremely anticompetitive position from that point of view.    The second part of your question we have turned to these entities as an attempt to negotiate, but they have also faced some of the same barriers that we have to truly negotiate contracts. When given the opportunity I as a small independent business have tried to strike certain terms from agreements only to have them push back a take it or leave it answer. So we haven't been successful in negotiating these either independently. We certainly cannot get together as a bunch of independents, that would be collusion. We have tried to circumvent that--not circumvent it--we have tried to meet that challenge by using the contracted entities, but they have also shared with us that they are a have you small fish in a big pond and successful at truly negotiating terms.    Mr. Arthur. I don't think it is really practical for us as small business owners to just refuse those contracts because as we learned earlier today, it impacts a significant portion of our business, that to walk away from those contracts would be a death note to our businesses. And I think it is very telling to your question that the reason that there is timely update to MAC in 20 States is because the independent community marketplace push for that. That didn't come voluntarily. So we had to push for that timely--in 20 States, and we continued to push for that across the entire country.    So that has been our approach to try to create fairness some in the marketplace. We continue to try everyday to negotiate some of the egregious terms so that we can be more competitive. But the fact remains today that we're at such a disadvantage because a significant portion of our customer base, our patient base is impacted.    Mr. Arthur. I'll take your last question first, if I may. And I think Chairman Conyers mentioned it was back in the early 2000's, Campbell-Conyers, which attempted to provide limited antitrust exemption for independent community pharmacy. I can assure you that circumstances in the marketplace have deteriorated dramatically since that time.    So this is a very pressing issue, and I think, you know, it's interesting we spend a lot of time this morning--this afternoon talking about one of the primary goals being to drive generic utilization. It's interesting to note that the generic utilization rate and independent community pharmacy far exceeds that in mail order or any other sector.    Mr. Arthur. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Arthur. Very briefly, Mr. Congressman. One important distinction. You mentioned the role of the PBMs as a wholesale. The PBM stocks no product in inventory. It doesn't handle any product in inventory----    Mr. Arthur. Yes, sir. And the reason I mention that is when you give the numbers, the genesis of the PBM industry was due to their technical expertise in moving from a paper environment to an electronic environment for the processing of claims. We could have a discussion today, a very vibrant discussion about the other services that they do provide in that space. But essentially, they are negotiating those prices for purely an administrative function, in my view.    Mr. Arthur. Well, there's a whole host of services that we're offering on a very personalized way, you know, from comprehensive pharmacists, clinical services, immunizations, consultations, medication reconciliation. There's a whole host of services that are being provided. And the reason why the independents, in my view, are more successful is based on the relationships that we've developed in our communities over a great period of time.    Mr. Arthur. Mr. Chairman. Thank you.    As I sit here, if memory serves me correctly, I look up at the wall and I think that's former Congressman Jack Brooks on the left there. And going back for over 25 years, we have been fighting for equality in the marketplace using the antitrust law to examine the antitrust law to seek fairness. We have survived by evolving. My independent pharmacy is half the size; I employee half the people I did 20 years ago.    I think it's really telling that in this environment, and the reason I mention that, as you asked the question, what's the harm in allowing the pharmacies to do that, pharmacy has attempted to meet every challenge. We have attempted to get together to be able to purchase effectively.    But when we are successful in doing that, if we run into challenges with the MAC, with the timely updates of MAC, it's interesting to note that, you know, we've heard today about compliance with timely updates, and I'm sure there are very robust departments within these large corporations. Why is it that in two States they have fought vigorously to repeal efforts to timely implement MAC updates?    We in pharmacy will continue--and independent community pharmacy--continue to find ways to survive and be able to provide the types of services that you alluded to, to the people that depend on us in our communities.