    Mrs. BLACK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is great to be a part of this Committee.    And, Dr. Cohen, thank you for being here to testify today.    Mrs. BLACK. Dr. Cohen, my friends on the other side of the aisle would suggest that Congress is at fault for this failure. We have heard it several times, and because we stopped good taxpayer money following after bad, and I suspect that we could have pumped billions of dollars more into this program and still not overcome what I think are the fundamental problems of this program.    So let us talk about the program that the Democrats actually designed. This is not a Republican design. Let us talk about that. Let me ask you a couple of questions.    In this program could a health insurer applying for a loan under the CO-OP Program be a for-profit entity?    Mrs. BLACK. The answer really is no on that.    So let me ask you this. Could a health insurer applying for a loan under the CO-OP Program use the funding for marketing?    Mrs. BLACK. In fact, what happened in the State of Tennessee is we had our CO-OP could not market. So what they were doing is giving free cell phones, and they were stopped by our Commissioner as a result of that.    Could a health insurer applying for the loan under the CO-OP Program be one that actually operated as a health insurer prior to the law's passage?    Mrs. BLACK. Essentially the answer is no.    So here is the situation. The American taxpayer has invested $2.4 billion, and this is taxpayer money, into a group of folks who never operated an insurance company before, never made any money at it, and in your testimony you also answered a question to say they had no previous claims experience, which was a problem, and they could not advertise their product to potential customers.    It seems like it is awfully difficult given those circumstances, that there are some really fundamental problems with the program to begin with.    You are an internist; is that correct?    Mrs. BLACK. Have you practiced in private practice?    Mrs. BLACK. Oh, you have not. Okay. Well, I would just set forward this scenario in real life because I have worked with physicians who have practice in private practice, and I know how important it is to have a business manager operating their particular office. So let us just say they hired someone that said, ``Oh, by the way, I have never operated a physician's office and I have never made any money at it. I have no experience in previous claims, and I am not going to advertise.''    Do you think that office could be successful with that business manager being in charge?    Mrs. BLACK. Just real quickly because I am going to run out of time here, I do want to ask a question about what you expect to recover. Do you all have a number that you expect to recover?    Mrs. BLACK. But you do not have a number that you anticipate?    Mrs. BLACK. And I just may close by saying the reason why co-ops work in other situations, and I like them; we have farmers co-ops. We have an electric co-op. We have other utility co-ops, and the reason why they work is because everybody in it has skin in the game. It is not taxpayer dollars. It does not come from some dropping of dollars out of the sky. It works because everybody that is in it has something in the skin of the game.    Here we have taxpayer dollars to the point of $2.4 billion, and that is a real concern.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time.