    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, good morning. Chairman Hunter, Ranking Members Costa and Garamendi, and Members of the Subcommittees, I want to thank you for the opportunity to discuss the United States Merchant Marine and its relationship to U.S. international food aid programs. I would like to note that the U.S. Merchant Marine is one of the safest fleets in the world, however, there is some risk involved whenever you are exposed to the elements, as noted by the tragic loss of the El Faro during Hurricane Joaquin. And as I point that out, we commend the sacrifice of those mariners who lost their lives.    The U.S. Merchant Marine Act of 1936 declared that establishing an American Merchant Marine is a national priority. Over the course of their storied history, our nation's Merchant Mariners have made important contributions to a wide range of U.S. defense activities, and have provided critical support for both national emergencies and our economic security. To maintain a maritime presence in global trade, and assured ready access to ships and crews, to be able to move our armed forces when and where they are needed, the United States supports a fleet of privately owned and operated ships in international trade. The sufficiency of the mariner pool to support a large scale activation of the 61 ship government reserve sealift fleet, and the two vessels we have that support the Missile Defense Agency, directly depend upon the number of commercial U.S.-flag vessels that are actively sailing.    A fleet that is sufficiently sized provides an adequate pool of qualified Merchant Mariners to meet the crewing requirements of both the commercial and the government sealift fleets to meet national defense requirements, during both national emergencies, and normal peacetime operations. To encourage an active privately owned and operated U.S.-flag fleet, Congress has enacted several measures, known as cargo preference laws. These laws require that shippers use U.S.-flag vessels to transport certain government-impelled cargoes, meaning cargo that is funded or financed in any way by the Federal Government. Congress has also passed the Maritime Security Act, which established the Maritime Security Program, or MSP, which provides direct annual stipends for a 60 ship, active, commercially viable, militarily useful, privately owned U.S.-flag vessels in exchange for assured access by the Department of Defense. Of the 78 vessels that trade internationally currently today, 57 participate in the MSP program, although the authorized level is 60. This is the first time that I know of that a Maritime Administrator has testified before Congress where we had vacancies in this critical program. The MSP provides critical employment for up to 2,400 U.S. Merchant Mariners, creating a reliable pool of mariners ready to support the activation of the government's reserve sealift fleets.    With respect to U.S. food aid programs, and like other civilian cargoes under cargo preference, substantial food aid is shipped on U.S.-flag vessels. In 2014 over 800,000 metric tons of food aid were shipped on U.S.-flag vessels. The vast majority of that tonnage, nearly 600,000 tons, consisted of P.L. 83-480 Title II food aid. Further, over \1/2\ of the Title II food aid cargo, 54 percent, is carried on dry bulk vessels, which, unlike most of the liner vessels, are not part of the MSP, and receive no active government support beyond cargo preference. Based on the recent levels of P.L. 83-480 Title II food aid shipments internationally, the Maritime Administration estimates that the food aid cargo preference laws sustains seven to ten liner-type ships and two dry bulk vessels in the U.S.-flag fleet, along with approximately 360 to 480 mariner jobs.    While the Fiscal Year 2016 President's budget includes the Administration's food aid reform proposal, we have been prepared to work with Members of Congress and other stakeholders on alternate legislative approaches to achieve the Administration's goal for food aid reform. These goals include providing additional statutory flexibility that would allow feeding more starving people for no additional cost, while addressing the potential impact on food aid reform on maritime capacity for national security, and the potential to ensure minimal harm to domestic agricultural interests. The number of vessels in the international trading fleet has declined from 106 vessels at the end of 2011 to 78 as of the 31st of October of this year. This decline can be directly attributed and related to the reductions in both DOD and agricultural cargoes, including food aid, in recent years. Vessel owners have taken into account a variety of factors before making a decision to leave the U.S.-flag fleet.    However, we do know that the primary reason that privately owned and operated ships remain in international trade under U.S.-flag is to carry cargo. We also know that reduction in our fleet of U.S.-flag vessels trading internationally means a reduction in mariner jobs. MARAD closely tracks every billet onboard active commercial ships and government U.S.-flag ships, and we believe the current number of available mariners is only sufficient to meet the initial sealift surge when government reserve ships are activated. However, it will be extremely challenging to sustain crewing requirements over an extended period that requires a rotation of those crew members. Given this assessment, I am working closely with the Department of Defense, the U.S. Transportation Command, the U.S. Navy, and commercial maritime industry to develop proposals to maintain the adequate number of trained mariners. In addition, we are currently developing a National Maritime Strategy that will consider a comprehensive range of options to preserve and grow the U.S. Merchant Marine. I am very glad to have the opportunity to discuss the important issues with these Committees, and I look forward to any questions that you might have.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We support the Fiscal Year 2016 President's budget, which proposed 25 percent flexibility for local and regional purchase. You will note that, as part of that Fiscal Year 2016 budgeting, it did include $25 million to support and mitigate the impact on the U.S. Merchant Marine. One million dollars of that would have been used to support training and other efforts with regards to the mariners, and then the other $24 million would have been used as some kind of a stipend to support the ships most affected by that flexibility, and those would be in the non-MSP category.    With regard to the proposal, to which you referred, the actual proposal, and MARAD became involved only after the former Administrator for USAID, Dr. Raj Shah, approached both Secretary Vilsack and Secretary Fox, and there was an agreement in principle. And we were tasked, at that time, to work the legislative language and the rulemaking that would invoke that deal. And that was what we were working on. At no time was this an attempt to be a back door, and we fully understood that it would require a legislative proposal that would be presented to Congress, as well as a rulemaking that would undergo public comment.    Mr. Jaenichen. I know that I personally talked with some USDA representatives, especially the Associate Administrator for Foreign Agricultural Service. I know that the Secretary was consulted. I do not know if the commodity groups, or any of those stakeholders, were consulted.    Mr. Jaenichen. One of my focuses, as the Maritime Administrator, is to minimize any impact on the U.S.-flag fleet, which is the reason why I was involved in the discussions with USAID for this. Going back to your previous question, with regards to metrics for humanitarian assistance, I would note that for the ready reserve fleet, we do track that, in terms of their readiness to be able to be activated in 5 days to be able to support that. We most recently did that with three ready reserve force ships that supported United Assistance, which is the Ebola mission in West Africa, to be able to get those supplies, to be able to support the medical teams that were on the ground there almost immediately.    Mr. Jaenichen. Yes. And that was the reason why there was a proposal in the budget to include $24 million, to mitigate the impact on the ships that we thought would most be affected, which we estimated to be four to six ships.    Mr. Jaenichen. I believe the real issue there, Chairman Hunter, is the lack of cargo. If you don't have cargo, you don't have ships, and if you don't have ships, you don't have----    Mr. Jaenichen. No. The actual MSP program, under the Maritime Security Act, was based on three things. It was based on the stipend payment, which was never fully intended to cover the entire amount of the differential between operating under U.S.-flag versus foreign flag, which we estimate to be $5 to $7 million. The other basis is you had to have access to government-impelled cargo. As Assistant Secretary Berteau indicated, those cargoes have declined. In fact, they have declined 50 percent since 2010, as has the food aid cargo, and other cargoes. I will note that, although the revenue base is about 15 percent for food aid, in terms of tonnage, it is about 50 percent. It is tonnage that fills ships, not revenue. And so, from that standpoint, it does have an impact.    Mr. Jaenichen. We only have 57, but the other part of that is you have to have civilian cargoes. Today the global market is depressed. In fact, I just saw yesterday where the container rates are at the lowest level they have been since the recession in 2009. And the Baltic Dry Index has indicated that, for raw commodities, they are at the lowest level they have been in 30 years. And so, to compete in those markets, where you have a non-competitive advantage due to the financial constraints that you have to be able to operate under U.S.-flag, it makes it very difficult. Those declining cargoes have put downward pressure on them, and they----    Mr. Jaenichen. They appropriate $186 million----    Mr. Jaenichen. What ends up happening, it becomes carryover, and then we continue to carry that over through the----    Mr. Jaenichen. It stays in the MSP as new year funding, that is correct, sir.    Mr. Jaenichen. That is correct. In fact, we have a draft maritime strategy. It has been informally reviewed by the majority of our stakeholders. We have incorporated those comments. We intend to put that into formal interagency concurrents within the coming days, and our intention is to have a draft maritime strategy published by spring for public comment.    Mr. Jaenichen. Well, I would also tell you that we started that in 2013. The first National Maritime Strategy symposium you referred to was in January of 2014. We have spent some time to ensure that we got it right. Now, we have done some additional studies, including the availability of mariners----    Mr. Jaenichen. They actually certainly have, sir. In fact, the Secretary's staff, and the Secretary himself, have provided direct comments back to that National Maritime Strategy, and we have incorporated those comments.    Mr. Jaenichen. Chairman Hunter, I can give you an example. Currently today the MSP program, assuming it is all 60 ships in the program, that costs us $186 million. The ready reserve force fleet, which is approximately 46 ships, It takes approximately $300 million a year to keep them in 5 day readiness status, with partial crews, to be able to be activated in 5 days. If I extrapolate that out to cover the cost to do that for 60, it comes up to about $390 million on an annual basis, and so that is nearly $200 million more than what it would take to operate the MSP, and that does not include recapitalization costs. The MSP, those recapitalization costs, are borne by the private operators who are part of the MSP. That cost would be in the billions. And so the program itself provides us that readiness. You could not afford to do that if the government had to pay for it on its own, without cargo preference.    Mr. Jaenichen. If you were to do it all in a reserve fleet, where you have a stationary fleet, and you did not have the MSP, that would be an accurate assessment. However, that is one of the reasons why, in the Administration's proposal for Fiscal Year 2016, it did include additional funding to offset the impact we believed it would have on the U.S.-flag fleet.    Mr. Jaenichen. As I indicated in my testimony, Ranking Member Garamendi, it is cargo that is the reason why you have ships, and if there were cargo, the ships that either retired, scrapped, or re-flagged would have remained under U.S.-flag, in my opinion.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you for the question, Congressman. I would note that we have a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that is undergoing interagency review, and has been since March of this year. That Notice of Proposed Rulemaking would address many of the issues of which you are referring to, with regard to enforcement of cargo preference.    Mr. Jaenichen. It is in the interagency review process, sir.    Mr. Jaenichen. Yes.    Mr. Jaenichen. I won't say that it is stuck in OMB. It is still undergoing interagency review.    Mr. Jaenichen. I can certainly give you some specific examples. With regard to Desert Storm and Desert Shield, about 23 percent of the actual cargo that DOD actually moved, it was forced to go on U.S.-flag due to lack of availability. We also activated 76 out of the 96 ships that were in the ready reserve fleet at the time. I would note that that 76, although it was not a full activation, that is 30 more ships than I currently have in my ready reserve force fleet today of 46. Additionally, at that time, I had 199 ships under U.S.-flag in the 1990-91 timeframe. Today that is 78. General McDew, who is the current Commander of the U.S. Transportation Command, is on record saying that if we were required to do the same amount of movement to be able to support Desert Shield and Desert Storm, we do not have the sealift capacity today.    Mr. Jaenichen. It does. In fact, our mariner pool today stands at about 11,300, and I believe that we are on the very hairy edge of being able--we can certainly man all of the ships that we have currently in the reserve sealift fleet, however, we would not be able to support a rotation of those crew members at the 3 to 4 month point.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you for the question. What I would tell you is there is available capacity to ship U.S. food aid cargoes, however, the commodity prices are up high enough that there is less being shipped today. In Fiscal Year 2014 we shipped about 815,000 metric tons of food aid on U.S.-flag ships out of about 1.4 million, so we still met the cargo preference requirement. But I do know that today some of the ships principally involved in carrying food aid cargoes are actually sitting in lay-up, meaning that they are alongside the pier with no mariners assigned. So there is capacity, if there were additional cargoes to carry. As we pointed out before, it is the decline in cargoes which is having the most dramatic effect on the U.S.-flag fleet, because it is just a lack of cargo that is out there, both on the DOD side, and on the civilian cargo side as well.    Mr. Jaenichen. I believe that the GAO report that was out in August of 2015 had comments about that. I don't have an opinion.    Mr. Jaenichen. Congresswoman, I would point out that typically the U.S. response in a humanitarian crisis is to match the response to what the need is. And I am sure, in the case what you are referring to, we would have to supply the right food versus a local regional purchase if there is not the infrastructure to be able to support that. So typically our response is in a nature that is tailored to the humanitarian crisis.    Mr. Jaenichen. I would point out that the Fiscal Year 2016 budget is to provide the flexibility for up to 25 percent. It is not that it is going to be 25 percent, and that has been the Administration position.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you, Congresswoman. Currently today we estimate that there are 11,300 who are actively sailing to be able to support our international fleet, and also our reserve fleet. These are typically the officers who have unlimited ocean endorsements, for our deck officers, and unlimited horsepower, for our engineers. We also have what are called the unlicensed portion, which makes up about 60 percent of any crew on any one ship.    We have actually done it three ways. We used the Coast Guard database for the Merchant Mariner credentials that have those endorsements on them. We also use our own calculation, based on the number of billets on each of the vessels, both on our government reserve sealift fleet and our commercial fleet. We multiply that by two because of the rotational nature of the billets themselves, so every billet typically has to have two seafarers to be able to support rotation. And then finally we engage the third way, with our maritime labor unions, to be able to get a number. And I will tell you that the numbers from each of those three different methods is within about 200, and so that is why we are pretty confident in the number that we have. So it is somewhere between about 11,200 to 11,400. So we are right in the middle of the band, at 11,300 as our best estimate.    Mr. Jaenichen. As I pointed out in both my written statement and in my oral statement, I believe that we are right on the border of not being able to provide sufficient--and as Secretary Berteau pointed out, typically our operations have not required in excess of 6 months to have a full activation. I would tell you that, with a full activation of the ready reserve force of the 46 ships, plus the ships in the military sealift command, a surge fleet, in addition to the 655 mariners that are on them today, they would require 1,200 more. I would need 1,900 at about the 4 month point to go in, and actively sailing I have about 7,100. So I actually have a shortfall at that point, at about the 4 to 5 month point, where the rotation would have to occur.    If we have to go longer than that, I am concerned that we do not have the ability to do that, unless the mariners who are currently serving onboard agree to go longer. Now, historically, our mariners and our U.S. Merchant Marine has done whatever it takes to meet the mission, and so we anticipate that they would do that, but it is an all volunteer force. They are not required to, and we have no way to enforce them to do so.    Mr. Jaenichen. We are currently working several different methods. With regards to the officer side, we do that through our state maritime academies, the six state maritime academies, and also the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. And I know for the unlicensed side, that are unlicensed seafarers, they have an active recruitment process where they bring them in, they train them. It takes about a year to be able to get them out to sea. So we have an active ongoing process.    The challenge is, if you do not have jobs, it is hard to entice people to come into an industry where there are no jobs, or they can't get full time employment. So the challenge is with a declining fleet size, it is hard to get folks to come into the industry. So we have to fix and stabilize and grow the fleet in order to improve those job opportunities.    Mr. Jaenichen. Typically the manner in which we do it is if we have an opening, such as we have today, where we have 57 ships currently in the program, the companies that are out there, if they have an operating agreement, they can submit a request for a replacement vessel. That replacement vessel would go through a review by USTRANSCOM to determine military usefulness, and then the Maritime Administration would do a review of the economic viability. We would take a look at the structure to make sure that it meets all the requirements to be able to be U.S. controlled, U.S. operated, so that we have direct assured access to be able to support that.    When we have open solicitations that would come in, and we would do the same thing in a different manner, but we do have ability to transfer and substitute, and we will be coming out with a solicitation here within the next week or so, indicating that we have one or more slots to fill in the MSP program, and we would invite anybody who has a ship they would like to bring in, and we will do a review of that.    Mr. Jaenichen. A Danish company is the parent. The actual company that actually has the operating agreement, and operates the U.S.-flag, is a U.S. company. It is, in this case, Maersk Maritime Limited. It actually has its headquarters in Norfolk, Virginia. All of the leadership of that company meets the requirement of a documented citizen, that they are U.S. citizens, and it is U.S. controlled, and that is part of the operating agreement, that we have direct control. The Danish company does not.    Mr. Jaenichen. With regard to the actual selection of the ships that are in the MSP, or actually under the U.S. flag, we don't necessarily look at proximity. What we look at in the MSP program is whether they are commercially viable. Typically a company who is in the program, and has several operating agreements, they will be operating in some kind of a liner string, meaning that they are servicing Europe to the United States, for example, and we take a look at that viability. We do have vessels. Obviously, from a standpoint of being able to surge assets, we have them located around the country to be able to support DOD's operational requirements. The U.S.-flag typically comes in, and they provide the sustainment option. That is what the MSP does, for example, once we got into Iraq and Afghanistan, the MSP fleet and the U.S.-flag carried over 90 percent of all the cargo that went in to support those troops, and it went into a line or service: 99 percent of that was actually on MSP participants.    Mr. Jaenichen. Let me tell you, sir, that that is in the rule that is under----