    Mr. Steuerle. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Cohen, Members of the Task Force, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. The views expressed are my own, and should not be attributed to the Urban Institute, its trustees or funders.    Let me begin by noting that we live at a time of extraordinary possibility, but you would not believe it by looking at the headlines. We have never been so rich, despite going through a recent Great Recession, and even though many needs remain unaddressed, and many do not share in that growth.    Yet partly because we are ruled over by dead men, and yes, they were men, we stand with our backs to an ocean of possibilities that lay at our feet. I try to show this by two means. First, a decline in what I call fiscal democracy--that is, the discretion left to current voters and policy makers to determine how government should evolve. This index, which is shown on the screen above you, measures how much of our current revenues are pre-committed to programs that require no vote by Congress, or in technical terms, to mandatory spending programs.    This index, I should point out, is politically neutral. Fiscal democracy is reduced both through increases in mandatory spending, and reductions in taxes. By this measure, in 2009, for the first time in U.S. history, every dollar of revenue was pre-committed before the new Congress walked through the doors of the Capitol.    The second piece of evidence, which I will elaborate on more in my testimony, comes from simply comparing two budgets. First, a traditional budget, such as prevailed over most of this Nation's history, where spending is largely discretionary, and second, a modern budget, where growth in spending and tax subsidies are committed to rise automatically faster than revenues.    Congress and the President end up in a never-ending game of whack-a-mole, or should I say, whack-some-dough. No wonder there are still budget problems after deficit-reducing actions in 1982, 1983, 1984, 1987, 1990, 1993, 1997, 2005, 2011, 2013, 2015, among others.    Consider the consequences. It is not just the economic problems of rising debt, and the inability to respond adequately to the next recession; and the people who will be hurt in that recession or the next emergency.    It is also the political requirement imposed upon you, as legislators, to renege on promises to the public for both spending increases and low taxes, and in facing their wrath in the elections. Yet through the inability to work together, both parties lose their agendas, getting government that is both fat and ineffective at meeting public needs.    For example, out of a scheduled increase of close to $12,000 annually per household in additional spending and tax subsidies by 2026, almost nothing goes to programs that encourage the development of earnings, wealth, human and social capital. And kids get essentially nothing, nothing.    Restoring democracy requires nothing more or less than restoring greater discretion to the budget. That is easy to say economically, it is hard to say politically. Democrats must be willing to limit the share of spending that grows automatically.    And Republicans must do likewise for tax subsidies, while agreeing to collect enough revenues to pay our bills. And both the President and Congress need to be held responsible for all changes in the budget, whether newly-enacted or passively allowed to continue. Restoring discretion does not simply mean paring program growth, or raising taxes, but opening the door to modernizing programs to better meet public needs, including, as I elaborate again in my testimony, on providing greater opportunity for all.    I am not naive about the difficulty of reversing a multidecade decline in fiscal democracy. Yet until we restore greater discretion to the budget, the frustration and anger exhibited and shown to political parties by the public here and around the developed world will continue, deriving in no small part from a budget process that has shifted national debates from what we can do to what we cannot do. That is, from letting dead men rule. Thank you.    Mr. Steuerle. I am not sure where the cliff is. I do know that the increasing debt that we have as an economy decreases our ability to react to different issues. I mentioned in my testimony and elsewhere that our ability to react to the next recession, or the next emergency, is much less. Even if we do not actually fall off the cliff, we are still very tentative in doing other things.    I would also point out, and I pointed this out through all sorts of examples--I can give you more--the extraordinary extent to which the growth in government is scheduled for things that, generally speaking, I do not think either party thinks is best.    So it may be Republicans do not want to have so much growth, and it may be Democrats would rather the growth go toward children, but the compromise is not there. I mentioned we are spending nothing additional on children, on programs for what I call human and social capital development. We are not spending wisely. And I think all of this is really a budget for a declining economy.    Mr. Steuerle. I have to give sort of a qualified answer. Yes, as part of a compromise, I would actually agree to an increase in this cap, partly because it has been lowered through--has not kept up with real growth in wages. However, I have real concern with raising taxes to put more money into these programs, mainly for people like me. I cannot go into all the details----    Mr. Steuerle. Part of my Social Security compromise is actually to raise benefits for these people. But the average person retiring on Social Security now retires for 12 more years than he or she did in 1940. That does have an implication for the issue that Mr. King raised about the percent of the population that works. But I agree with you, I would spend more money on those particular people on Social Security, but as part of a compromise. It does not mean I still would not try to get this system into balance.    Mr. Steuerle. So, in a lot of my writing I distinguish between mandatory spending without built-in growth rates, and those with built-in growth rates. The ones that have the built-in growth rates are mainly the retirement and the health programs--and by the way, the health programs include the tax subsidy for health as well--and things like the mortgage interest deduction.    So I include the tax subsidies in my examples of those that grow automatically. For instance, people in my generation have about twice the housing, or the value of housing, as my parents' generation. Congress automatically let that subsidy grow or double, without voting that that was the best way to spend the money, when I think we could have done a lot better for low-income people, people who do not have housing. The same thing happens within the retirement and health arena.    Can I just give one statistic that I think might help think about this? Thinking about the future as opposed just to current levels: for a typical couple today, Social Security and Medicare provide lifetime value benefits of about a million dollars. Right now, that is about two-thirds Social Security, about a third Medicare. That is a million dollars. You might wonder how you get there; it is basically about $50,000 for a couple, average couple, for about 20 years. For a typical couple, they are on these benefits--that is the longer-living of the two for close to 3 decades.    Now, for millennials, that million-dollar figure--and that is the value needed in a savings account, if it is discounted would grow to about $2 million.    Suppose we thought about that growth, that automatic growth from a million to $2 million, and said, ``Is this the best way to support millennials?'' Well, we add to their student debt, we let their childcare, I am sorry, the child credit decline in value, the tax credit. We do not give them wage support if they are low-income. We do not provide them first-time home buyers' subsidies.    I think there is a lot of ways of transferring this money gradually over time to better provide work incentives, to better provide support that would produce upward mobility, than simply saying that all of the growth in government for you, you millennials, whom we are neglecting already, is going to go to you when you retire. But before then, we are going to forget you.    Mr. Steuerle. So I have never advocated putting Social Security on annual appropriations; I have suggested that whether Social Security or anything else, that we need to figure out where we want the growth in government to go. So think out 35 years from now. Even at our low economic growth rate, the economy doubles in size, revenues probably double.    How do we want to spend that money best? I would argue that it is time now to promote the types of things that you are talking about, Mr. Conyers--which is on the opportunity front--to touch the things that I think Mr. King is also talking about--which is promoting more earnings and promoting more labor supply, and trying to figure out how we could allocate it.    My calculations are that in the direct support budget--that is, take out the public goods--we spend about $35,000 a household right now. Suppose in another 35 years that doubles to $70,000. Now maybe it takes 40 years to get there with Republicans, and maybe it takes 30 years to get there with Democrats. It is still growing, as long as we can promote economic growth.    I want to think about how we can really allocate that growth best to the things that promote mobility, earnings growth, wealth--and wealth inequality, by the way, is much worse than income inequality. But I do not think our current social programs are doing a good job of getting us there. And even if you disagree with that statement, I think we can all agree they could do a better job.    Mr. Steuerle. I already gave the example of what we promised for millennials, which is a hard time until they retire, and then they retire. Now that path is, by the way, not sustainable, but that is what currently scheduled in the budget, that is, to say, where we are providing all the growth in government. Now scheduled for about $12,000 more per household, nothing goes for children, and there is actually not very much for working families either.    I keep trying to emphasize in my testimony that I am really trying to figure out a way to get through what I consider sometimes called a classic prisoner's dilemma between the two parties, where if either one leads too much by themselves, they lose. And they lose because we the voters punish them. Because you are in a position now where you are actually required with the budget so out of balance, to take things back for the public. Either to cut spending or to raise taxes. Take either side. And the public does not like that.    An example of how this played out--I will not go to the current election--I will go to the past election, when President Obama ran against Governor Romney. They both accused each other of cutting back on Medicare, and they were both right on wanting to. So President Obama accused Governor Romney of cutting back on Medicare because he tended to favor--spoke somewhat in favor of a proposal--by Representative Paul Ryan, which was not fully delineated, but it was basically to convert the system a bit more toward a voucher system. Which, by the way, we have for Obamacare.    Meanwhile, the Governor Romney accused President Obama of cutting back on Medicare because in truth, that is partly how he distributed some money in paying for health reform from older people to younger people. He would not say that, but that is what happened.    They were both right; the system is out of control, but you could see how when you over-promise, it leads to this political dynamic where both parties basically accuse the other of cutting back on some untenable promise. We all know Medicare is out of balance, we know it cannot be sustained. And yet as long as we are in a situation where either party can blame the other when trying to reform it--and because there will be less, yes, there is less relative to an unsustainable promise--we are in this box.    And so that box then, getting back to your question, this ties us in these knots. For instance I did a recent study that says of all the growth in spending, another one scheduled the next 10 year--the majority of it goes for healthcare.    So for poor people and workers--Mr. Conyers cares a great deal about poor people, and also Mr. Cohen. So we are going to give them $400,000 a year surgeons, but we will be darned if we are going to give them wage subsidies or help for their children when they raise them. It is like a crazy box that we are all trapped in. And so a lot of what I am trying to do is create a process where there can be a compromise between both parties about how to get out of this box or this classic--as I say, it is sometimes called a ``prisoner's'' dilemma where if you lead by yourself, as a party you lose.    Mr. Steuerle. It is just Steuerle. I grew up in the South, I slur over the letters, so. Just Steuerle.    Mr. Steuerle. I do think the issue here is a constitutional issue, but I have to say constitutional with a small ``c,'' because I think it is actually crucial. My fear is in watching, say, votes in California, or votes in Britain--I worry that we cannot design a constitutional amendment well to deal with how you organize fiscal policy.    So yes, I think that a budget should be basically balanced over an economic cycle, or as Mr. Lilly says, even more than balanced in the near term to get the debt to GDP ratio down. But I fear trying to write a precise rule for how to do it, because there is always something that comes up. An emergency, a war. So you can put exceptions in. But you put something in a constitution, and it is very hard to adjust.    I think at the end of the day you have got to come up with rules on how the House, the Senate, and, if you want to, the President when submitting budgets--that, as I say, with a small ``c''--can tend to have the constitutional constraint that the old balanced budget rule, which was not in the Constitution, provided. But I just fear we cannot write a formal constitutional amendment that is going to actually work. That we would ever word it right. And I fear the classic California problem of how some of things work when you get into that type of game.    Mr. Steuerle. So I have quite a number of suggestions in various writings that I have made. Among them, I think that there are ways to hold Congress and the President more responsible for keeping a budget balanced over a cycle. You could tell the President this does not constrain him, but I think in the public it would. You could say we the Congress only accept a budget that is balanced over 10 years, or balanced in some reasonable way over the 10 years. I want to be careful because whether you do real or inflationary.    Mr. Steuerle. And all these issues that are hard to define precisely.    Mr. Steuerle. But the last two Presidents have submitted substantial increases in the debt in their initial years and said, well, later on I will get around to dealing with it. At least a rule like that would hold them responsible for telling the public, ``Oh by the way, I am going to increase spending for Medicare Part D, or I am going to increase spending for the recession, but here is how I am going to pay for it at least seven or 8 years down the road.''    They start off not doing it, and then they say after they double the debt, they say, ``And now I am going to worry about maybe cutting it back.'' There are other rules that I do not have time to go through it, that I suggest I think Congress could adopt that would be much stricter.    But the main thing that I emphasize as I state in my testimony, there are all sorts of ways of writing budget rules is I think we have to restore discretion. So we could require some entitlements, by the way, like food stamps, to be actually reauthorized. So that it is really not an entitlement the same way.    I think Mr. Lilly is more of an expert on this than I am. It is not an entitlement the same way as the ones that have automatic growth. Because it does not grow automatically, and it has got to be reauthorized. You could require more reauthorization for every program. Also, I think every program should be in a budget. Health programs, Social Security, it should be in a budget.    Now, for instance, I would protect the inflation increases for current elderly, so nobody is cutting back on benefits. But target the growth, the automatic growth. For instance, I get about 7 or 8 more years of retirement relative to when the system was first established. That is worth about, for my wife and me, about $300,000 more.    Did anybody really intend for me to get a $300,000 increase in Social Security benefits, just by having more years in retirement? I do not think so. Stuff like that should have to be voted on and reauthorized. So by restoring discretion to the budget, we create a process where there would then be a gap between revenues and spending, which the parties could fight over whether to have tax cuts or spending increases. That was the tradition throughout almost all of our history.    And by the way, you know, consider all the political arguments about why people in Congress cannot compromise. When there is discretion, you have got to vote for a tax cut or a spending increase because a budget building up surplus would create huge problems. When spending grows faster than revenues, now you have got to compromise. Saying, ``Who wants to step up first and tell the public what they are not going to get? Who is going to step up first and tell them what tax increases you really want, or what spending cuts you really want,'' puts them in a horrible box, is easier to compromise when you have got more money to spend.    It is hard to compromise when all the contracts have already been signed for infinity for how that money is going to be spent.    Mr. Steuerle. So there is a lot of rules like that I think we could develop.