    Mr. Goodlatte. We'd ask all the members of the media that are taking thousands of pictures here, I'm sure they got some excellent ones of the Director, but we ask you to please clear aside so we can begin the hearing.    The Judiciary Committee will come to order. And without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time. We welcome everyone to this afternoon's hearing on The Encryption Tightrope: Balancing Americans' Security and Privacy. And I will begin by recognizing myself for an opening statement.    We welcome everyone today to this timely and important hearing on encryption. Encryption is a good thing. It prevents crime, it prevents terrorist attacks, it keeps our most valuable information safe, yet it is not used as effectively today as is necessary to protect against the ever-increasing sophistication of foreign governments, criminal enterprises, and just plain hackers.    We see this manifest almost every week in the reports of losses of massive amounts of our most valuable information from government agencies, retailers, financial institutions, and average Americans. From identity theft, to the compromising of our infrastructure, to our economic and military security, encryption must play an ever-increasing role, and the companies that develop it must be encouraged to increase its effectiveness.    Encryption is a topic that may sound arcane, or only the province of techies, but, in fact, it is a subject whose solutions will have far-reaching and lasting consequences. The Judiciary Committee is a particularly appropriate forum for this congressional debate to occur. As the Committee of exclusive jurisdiction over the United States Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and the Federal Criminal Laws and Procedures, we are well-versed in the perennial struggle between protecting Americans' privacy and enabling robust public safety.    This Committee is accustomed to addressing many of the significant legal questions arising from laws that govern surveillance and government access to communications, particularly the Wiretap Act, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and the Communications Assistance to Law Enforcement Act, otherwise known as CALEA.    Today's hearing is a continuation of the Committee's work on encryption, work that Congress is best suited to resolve. As the hearing title indicates, society has been walking a tightrope for generations in attempting to balance the security and privacy of Americans' communications with the needs of our law enforcement and intelligence agencies. In fact, the entire world now faces a similar predicament, particularly as our commerce and communications bleed over international boundaries on a daily basis.    Encryption in securing data in motion, and in storage, is a valuable technological tool that enhances Americans' privacy, protects our personal safety and national security, and ensures the free flow of our Nation's commerce. Nevertheless, as encryption has increasingly become a ubiquitous technique to secure communications among consumers, industry, and governments, a national debate has arisen concerning the positive and negative implications for public safety and national security.    This growing use of encryption presents new challenges for law enforcement seeking to obtain information during the course of its investigations, and, even more foundationally, test the basic framework that our Nation has historically used to ensure a fair and impartial evaluation of legal process used to obtain evidence of a crime.    We must answer this question: How do we deploy ever stronger, more effective encryption without unduly preventing lawful access to communications of criminals and terrorists intent on doing us harm? This now seems like a perennial question that has challenged us for years. In fact, over 15 years ago, I led congressional efforts to ensure strong encryption technologies, and to ensure that the government could not automatically demand a backdoor key to encryption technologies. This enabled the U.S. encryption market to thrive and produce effective encryption technologies for legitimate actors rather than see the market head completely overseas to companies that do not have to comply with basic protections. However, it is also true that this technology has been a devious tool of malefactors.    Here is where our concern lies: Adoption of new communications technologies by those intending harm to the American people is outpacing law enforcement's technological capability to access those communications in legitimate criminal and national security investigations.    Following the December 15 terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California, investigators recovered a cell phone owned by the County government, but used by one of the terrorists responsible for the attack. After the FBI was unable to unlock the phone and recover its contents, a Federal judge ordered Apple to provide reasonable technical assistance to assist law enforcement agents in obtaining access to the data on the device, citing the All Writs Act as its authority to compel.    Apple has challenged the court order, arguing that its encryption technology is necessary to protect its customers' communications, security, and privacy, and raising both constitutional and statutory objections to the Magistrate's order.    This particular case has some very unique factors involved, and, as such, may not be an ideal case upon which to set precedent. And it is not the only case in which this issue is being litigated. Just yesterday, a magistrate judge in the Eastern District of New York ruled that the government cannot compel Apple to unlock an iPhone pursuant to the All Writs Act.    It is clear that these cases illustrate the competing interests at play in this dynamic policy question, a question that is too complex to be left to the courts and must be answered by Congress. Americans surely expect that their private communications are protected. Similarly, law enforcement's sworn duty is to ensure that public safety and national security are not jeopardized if possible solutions exist within their control.    This body, as well, holds its own constitutional prerogatives and duties. Congress has a central role to ensure that technology advances so as to protect our privacy, help keep us safe, and prevent crime and terrorist attacks. Congress must also continue to find new ways to bring to justice criminals and terrorists. We must find a way for physical security not to be at odds with information security. Law enforcement must be able to fight crime and keep us safe, and this country's innovative companies must, at the same time, have the opportunity to offer secure services to keep their customers safe.    The question for Americans and lawmakers is not whether or not encryption is essential, it is; but instead, whether law enforcement should be granted access to encrypted communications when enforcing the law and pursuing their objectives to keep our citizens safe.    I look forward to hearing from our distinguished witnesses today as the Committee continues its oversight of this real-life dilemma facing real people all over the globe.    It's now my pleasure to recognize the Ranking Member of the Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers, for his opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Conyers.    And without objection, all other Members' opening statements will be made a part of the record.    We welcome our distinguished witness of today's first panel. And if you would please rise, I'll begin by swearing you in.    Do you swear that the testimony that you are about to give shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you very much. Please be seated.    I'll now begin by introducing our first distinguished witness today, Director James Comey of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Director Comey began his career as an Assistant United States Attorney for both the Southern District of New York and the Eastern District of Virginia. After the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Director Comey returned to New York to become the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York. In 2003, he was appointed deputy attorney general under the United States Attorney General, John Ashcroft.    Director Comey is a graduate of the College of William & Mary and the University of Chicago Law School.    Director, welcome. Your entire written statement will be made a part of the record. And I ask that you summarize your testimony in 5 minutes. And we have the timing light that you're well familiar with on the table. Again, welcome. We're pleased that you are here, and you may begin your testimony.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Director Comey. We'll now proceed under the 5-minute rule with questions for the witness, and I'll begin by recognizing myself.    Director, there has been quite a bit of debate on the government's reliance on the All Writs Act, which most people had never heard of until the last week or so. That is being used in this case to try to compel Apple to bypass the auto erase functions on the phone. It has been characterized as an antiquated statute dating back to 1789, that was never intended to empower the courts to require a third party to develop new technology.    How do you respond to that characterization? Has the FBI relied on the Act in the past to gain access to iPhones or other similar devices, and is the Act limited to the circumstances in which Congress has already imposed a statutory duty on a third party to provide assistance?    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me ask you about that decision in New York, because in its brief in the California case, Apple argues that a provision of CALEA, another Federal statute, actually prohibits the magistrate from ordering it to design a means to override the auto erase functions on the phone. Just yesterday, a magistrate in New York upheld that argument. Can you comment on that?    Mr. Goodlatte. Now, if the FBI is successful in requiring Apple to unlock this phone, that won't really be a one-time request, correct?    Mr. Goodlatte. It will set a precedent for other requests from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and any other law enforcement agency to seek the same assistance in many, many, many other cases?    Mr. Goodlatte. So that technology once developed, which I presume they could destroy again, but then will have to recreate hundreds of times, how confident are you--whichever procedure Apple decided to pursue, how confident are you that what you are requesting, which is the creation effectively of a key, a code, how confident are you that will remain secure and allow all the other customers of Apple, and when this is applied to other companies' technology as well, how confident are you that it will not fall into the wrong hands and make everyone's communication devices less secure, not more secure?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you very much. The Chair recognizes the Ranking Member, Mr. Conyers, for his questions.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you. And the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Chabot, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, it will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair is happy to extend additional time to the gentleman for recognizing an important Virginia educational institution.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Nadler, for----    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection.<greek-l>B2, B3, B4, B5 Issa submissions deg.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, they will all be made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired, and the Director is permitted to answer the question.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. How could anyone object to that being a part of the record?    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentlewoman.    And the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Poe, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The gentleman from Tennessee is recognized for 5 minutes. There's 9 minutes and 45 seconds remaining in this vote. I will take a chance if the gentleman from Tennessee will.    Mr. Goodlatte. I am trying to move it along and not keep the Director any longer than we have to, so go ahead.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    The Committee will stand in recess. We have two votes on the floor, with 7 minutes remaining in the first vote.    Mr. Director, we appreciate your appearance. We will come back soon.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Committee will reconvene and continue with questions for Director Comey.    And the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah, Mr. Chaffetz, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired. The witness can answer the question.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Director may answer the question.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Marino, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Chu, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentlewoman.    The gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Deutch, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. DeSantis for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Gutierrez.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    The gentlewoman from California, Ms. Bass, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Richmond, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, they will be made part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington State, Ms. DelBene, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentlewoman and recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Jeffries.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island, Mr. Cicilline, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. It already is part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair would ask unanimous consent that letters from the <greek-l>E1 deg.Computer Communications Industry Association, dated February 29; a <greek-l>E2 deg.statement for the record from Reynaldo Tariche, President of the FBI Agents Association; and a <greek-l>E3 deg.letter, dated February 29, from the American Civil Liberties Union all be made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. Director Comey, you've given us 3 hour--oh, I'm sorry. I'm jumping the gun here.    The gentleman from California, Mr. Peters, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Director, you've donated 3 hours of your time to our efforts today, or more, I'm sure, in getting ready, so we thank you very much for your participation and for answering a multitude of questions. And we are looking for answers, so if you have more to add to the record later, we would welcome that as well. Thank you very much.    Mr. Goodlatte. I would.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, that will be made a part of the record.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    *Note: The material referred to was not available at the time this hearing record was finalized and submitted for printing on August 5, 2016.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Mr. Goodlatte. We ask the witnesses on the second panel to please come forward and be seated.    And now that Mr. Sewell has been afforded similar attention to the attention previously accorded to Director Comey, I'd ask that the press move back so we can begin the second panel.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    We welcome our distinguished witnesses for today's second panel. And if you would all please rise, I'll begin by swearing you in.    Do you and each of you swear that the testimony that you are about to give shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Thank you very much. Let the record reflect that all of the witnesses responded in the affirmative. And I will now introduce the witnesses.    Bruce Sewell is senior vice president and general counsel of Apple. Mr. Sewell serves on Apple's legal team and oversees all legal matters, including global security and privacy. Prior to joining Apple, Mr. Sewell was deputy general counsel and vice president of Intel Corporation. He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Lancaster, and a J.D. From George Washington University.    Dr. Susan Landau is professor of cybersecurity policy at Worcester Polytechnic Institute. Originally trained as a theoretical computer scientist, Dr. Landau is an expert in cryptographic applications. Within cybersecurity policy, her work focuses specifically on communications surveillance issues. Dr. Landau earned a bachelor's degree from Princeton University, a master's from Cornell University, and a Ph.D. From the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.    Our final witness, Mr. Cyrus Vance, Jr., is the district attorney of New York County. Mr. Vance is currently serving his second term as district attorney after being reelected in 2013. He also serves as co-chair of the New York State Permanent Commission on Sentencing. Previously, Mr. Vance worked in private practice and taught at Seattle University School of Law. He's a graduate of Yale University and the Georgetown University Law Center.    All of your written statements will be entered into the record in their entirety. And we ask that each of you summarize your testimony in 5 minutes or less. To help you stay within that time, there's a timing light on the table. When the light switches from green to yellow, you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns red, that's it; your time is up.    And we'll begin with you, Mr. Sewell. Welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. Make sure that microphone is on and pulled close.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Sewell.    Ms. Landau, welcome. TESTIMONY OF SUSAN LANDAU, Ph.D., PROFESSOR OF CYBERSECURITY     Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Ms. Landau.    Mr. Vance, welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Vance.    We'll now proceed with questioning of the witnesses under the 5-minute rule, and I'll begin by recognizing myself.    Mr. Sewell, Director Comey created a dichotomy between this being a technology problem or a business model problem, and said that Apple was addressing this as a business model problem. Is that a fair contrast, or is this something else?    Mr. Goodlatte. Director Comey and Mr. Vance seem to suggest that the security provided by encryption on prior devices is fine, but advancing encryption technology is a problem. What do you think about that?    Mr. Goodlatte. We are moving to end-to-end encryption on many devices and apps, not just Apple iPhones. Why is that happening?    Mr. Goodlatte. Now, if the FBI succeeds in getting the order that is in dispute that Apple has appealed to a final resolution, however long that takes, and they then get Apple to develop this device that will allow the 10 times and your--by the way, all of us here, we can't turn that off, so----    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, but inside our firewall here, we can't do that. So we understand the reason, but that creates a separate vulnerability, does it not, for people whose device falls in someone else's hands, they could willfully try 10 times and erase what hasn't been backed up on the device.    But be that as it may, if they were to get you to develop that code and to apply it and then to crack the four-digit code to get into the device, once they get in there, they could find all kinds of other restrictions that Apple has no control over, right, with regard to apps that are on the phone, with regard to various other communications features that the consumer may have chosen to put on there? Is that correct?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you very much.    My time has expired.    The gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Sensenbrenner, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Time of the gentleman has expired.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Nadler, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The gentleman from California, Mr. Issa, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, it will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentlewoman and recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Poe, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired, but Mr. Sewell may answer the question.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Deutch, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Well beyond the time, but briefly.    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, it's an important academic discussion because before these phones existed, the evidence that you're talking about didn't exist in the form that you have had access to. Now the technology is moving to a new generation, and we're going to have to figure out a different way to help law enforcement. But I don't think we say we're not going to ignore these vulnerabilities that exist in order to not change the fact that law enforcement is going to have to change the way it investigates and gathers evidence.    The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Gutierrez.    Mr. Goodlatte. The gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Richmond, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Would the gentleman yield?    Mr. Goodlatte. I just want to clarify. Both Mr. Sewell and Ms. Landau did not say subject to an authorized court-ordered warrant.    Mr. Goodlatte. And you're not suggesting they develop this technology and then do what they think is best. They've got to do it subject to a warrant.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington State, Ms. DelBene.