    Mr. Laws. Thank you, Chairman Garrett, Ranking Member Maloney, and members of the subcommittee, for this opportunity. I am here as the chief operating officer of AngelList, an online service that connects companies seeking funding with both angel investors and professional investors.    Since the JOBS Act was passed 4 years ago, and the SEC issued several clarifying letters, AngelList launched what we call our syndicate service. A syndicate allows an experienced accredited investor who is putting his or her own money into an early-stage startup to make that investment available to other angels and professional investors online.    Online investors are grouped into a single fund that follows along with the lead investors. Companies like this option because it allows them to deal with just one investor and to raise capital more quickly; and investors like it because they get the protection of an experienced lead investor with skin in the game.    All of this was enabled by the JOBS Act and subsequent SEC rulings.    Since launching syndicates in 2013, we have helped over a quarter-billion dollars in capital reach early-stage startups. And I know that number seems small by Wall Street standards, but these are the newest companies that just need a little money to get off the ground. That quarter-billion dollars went into almost 1,000 companies.    And we are just one of many such platforms. For example, CircleUp focuses on helping consumer products companies the way we help technology companies, and there are many more.    So first, I want to thank Congress--in particular, the leadership of this committee, Congressman McHenry, and the White House--for the changes brought about by the JOBS Act. It helped many new companies, ranging from those producing electric bicycles to Uber; from Spire Global, that launches and rents imaging satellites by the hour, to Cruise Automation, which General Motors just paid over $1 billion to acquire so they can compete in self-driving cars.    All of these new companies raised early money on AngelList, all because of the JOBS Act. It not only helped these companies create jobs, but they are also producing innovations that help the American economy.    Second, I want to discuss a few of the bills under consideration by this committee. As online fundraising becomes more common because of the JOBS Act, companies are bumping up against the limit of 99 investors acting as a group that can invest in a company.    On our platform alone, we have hit that limit dozens of times, leaving tens of millions of dollars that didn't go into good startups. And we are not alone. We represent a small portion of the capital invested in startups.    The Angel Capital Association includes many angel groups with more than 99 members. They need to reduce the amount given to growing companies sometimes to comply with this law.    Raising the limit to 499 would help with capital formation at that early stage. H.R. 4854 updates the law for today's technologies but maintains reasonable limits that keep it focused only on investment in small venture opportunities so that there aren't unintended consequences. Anybody seeking to break this law can already do so by ignoring the 99-investor limit, so this law simply provides guidelines for legitimate players to help companies get capital that they need legally.    Next up, crowdfunding. While AngelList has worked only with accredited investors for the last few years, some of the opportunities on AngelList have been targeted to larger groups of online investors, the so-called accredited crowdfunding. As a result, we devised methods that protect investors' interests while still encouraging capital formation for good companies.    Unfortunately, many of those innovations would not be legal for unaccredited investors under the crowdfunding rules. AngelList filed comments with the SEC on the rules and I have attached that letter as part of my written testimony.    H.R. 4855 takes into account the experience AngelList and others have had in the real world with accredited investors over the last 3 years. The investor protections of a lead investor and syndicate, for example, would be made legal for crowdfunding, also.    Additional measures ensure that crowdfunding doesn't become so onerous that only companies accredited investors don't like would use it. I applaud the goal of preventing fraud, but we have to do it in ways that don't simply guarantee low returns for the crowd while giving wealthy investors first look at the good opportunities.    Finally, on H.R. 4852, the Private Placement Improvement Act, I have also included our letter to the SEC in my written testimony. We support the SEC's stated goals of information-gathering and transparency. Unfortunately, the draft regulations currently under consideration wouldn't just measure; they would adopt rules that startups would most certainly violate by accident.    For example, startups don't have the money to hire lawyers before they raise the money, but the proposed rules say they should already know they need to file 15 days before even mentioning their fundraising--something they would only learn from their lawyer. In our letter we proposed several ways the SEC could use technology to achieve the same transparency without impairing early-stage fundraising. These more modern methods would still be viable under H.R. 4852, which we support.    In closing, I would like to thank you for this opportunity to share our experience with the JOBS Act. The start-up community deeply appreciates your continued attention to the issues affecting capital formation for very young companies.    This is an unusual issue because most startups that will benefit from your work don't exist yet. With your continued support, we hope thousands more of them can make use of the JOBS Act to do what Congress intended: raise capital more easily so they can grow, create more jobs, and innovate.    Thank you.    Mr. Laws. There do exist such things that the startups, when they first do their fundraising, don't even know those exist. It is the first thing they think of when they start.    Mr. Laws. Most certainly. I have mentioned that as a 99-investor limit we happen to, at the advice of our lawyers, use a 90-investor limit for that exact reason, because the courts will sometimes force you to add new investors when they split somebody's holding because of a death or a divorce and an inheritance situation. So it is actually, for practical purposes, a 90-investor limit or 84-investor limit in this case.    We are just hitting it more and more often--with sophisticated accredited investors, I should specify. This is still within the sophisticated accredited community.    Mr. Laws. I think it is actually a little dangerous as it exists now, primarily because of this risk that what we will create is a kind of guaranteed set of bad investments. They won't be fraud; they will just be bad investments because it will be used by companies that can't raise using the Title II of the JOBS Act.    And so I would want to make sure that the crowd gets an opportunity to get into the good investments, so it is something that the fixes will help balance the investor protections with making sure that the good investments will also use Title III.    Mr. Laws. I think it is a danger. I think there are some good companies that will use it, primarily for publicity. But I don't see it yet as something that is a true alternative to Title II for those companies that have access to Title II.    Mr. Laws. I think the most important for that side of it are, first of all, being able to bring in some investor protections, frankly. There is one section in the Fix Crowdfunding Act that adds the ability to create these syndicates, the funds where a lead investor looks out for the interests of the crowd.    The other is this notion, the 12G problem, so called, where as soon as you cross $25 million in assets, if you have a large enough crowd then you have to start registering the same way a public company does--$25 million is the next financing round for a successful company. So if you are a high-growth company you would now avoid crowdfunding because of the danger of as soon as you raise your next round from a V.C., suddenly you are not private anymore.    So I think those are two of the primary ones.    Mr. Laws. I will honestly say I don't have an opinion on that. I do have an opinion mainly that because when accredited investors participate in a crowdfunding you can have some very wealthy investors who are also affected by the caps but would not be affected by the caps if they went directly.    I believe the changes in the Fix Crowdfunding Act are aimed at allowing accredited sophisticated investors to do larger amounts of money, not necessarily allowing individuals who don't have as much money to invest more. So I realize that doesn't quite answer your question, but I do believe that the changes are productive.    Mr. Laws. I actually would disagree with the premise, because the so-called accredited crowdfunding has been legal since the JOBS Act passed and some of the SEC rulings. So since the JOBS Act passed we do have a good 3 years of experience of some of the techniques that seem to work well in accredited--    Mr. Laws. I believe so. One of the more important aspects, for example, of the Fix Crowdfunding Act allows this structure of following after a sophisticated investor, putting a larger check in and having them look out for the interests of the other investors, which would not be legal under the current Act. So I think we could apply some of those learnings with this bill to improve the crowdfunding for the unaccredited investors.    Mr. Laws. At my end of the market nobody has any assets against which to take out a loan, so it is all equity financing.    Mr. Laws. Crowdfunding in general refers to something that is done online where there is broad participation by people in--I will use some examples like Kickstarter, or Indiegogo, or websites where people will fund a social cause or help a company get off the ground by buying their product ahead of time.    What we are talking about here for securities law is allowing individuals to, when they do that, not just buy a product or support a cause but take ownership in the company that they are funding. So it would allow a small company to sell part ownership in it to the crowd.    The regulation as it exists in law was set up to put a lot of protections in place to make sure it flows through certain websites and with certain regulations to make sure all the disclosures are happening and it is very transparent.    Mr. Laws. Yes, several months ago. They will come into effect in May.    Mr. Laws. I would answer yes, with the proviso that the kind of so-called online fundraising for accredited investors, the accredited crowdfunding, has been legal since the JOBS Act passed in 2012.    There was, I believe, an earlier bill that had more extensive changes to crowdfunding. This bill, to my understanding, is narrowly taking some of the experiences that we have learned over the last 3 years and using that to improve the crowdfunding act, in some cases to include investor protections that were not available in the original one.    So I actually believe it is a wise thing to do to make sure that some of those make it in place--some of those learnings over the last 3 years make it in place into this crowdfunding version.    Mr. Laws. I am not sure.    Mr. Laws. That is not my understanding of the law. I don't quite know how to answer that because I don't believe that is the way it is written.    I believe what is written into the law is there is a time period during which, when they find violations, they are supposed to give the portals a chance to address those rather than instantly shut it down, depending on the severity of the violation.    Mr. Laws. I am not aware of that portion.