    Mr. Jeffries. I thank the Chair, and I thank the witnesses for what has been a very thoughtful discussion.    Professor Turley, is it my understanding that one of your concerns with the Chevron doctrine is that the Court seems to be coming to the conclusion that the ambiguity in the statute effectively means that Congress is delegating authority to the administrative agencies? Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. And would you agree there's been an active discussion around the rise of the regulatory state that perhaps even dates back to Justice Scalia's days as a university professor connected to an article that he wrote, I think it was in 1981?    Mr. Jeffries. And so that, essentially, means that for at least 35-plus years, there's been this concern that an administrative state, a fourth branch of government, has arisen, and the linchpin for it is the ambiguity that continues to exist coming out of bills passed by this House and that Senate, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. But would you agree that it certainly is the case in many instances, statutes that are being passed by this Congress remain broadly vague in ways that allow for, perhaps, judicial overreach?    Mr. Jeffries. And so at a certain point, don't you think it's reasonable for the courts to assume not just that there's implied delegation, but that the absence of a mechanical precise focus by this Congress over decades, notwithstanding the active debate and the view by many that there's been judicial overreach, to continue to send out statutes that are vague? At a certain point, it does seem to me, perhaps, that some could reasonably conclude that Congress is implying, we don't have the expertise; we don't have the time; we don't have the tolerance to enact these statutes in a more precise fashion?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, you, in terms of, sort of, the original intentions of the Founders and thinking about, sort of, how Congress was constructed and the notion that every Member of Congress would be a generalist, and then there would be a subset of specialists who would work through the Committee process. Is that a reasonable definition of how Congress, at least, has evolved and been thought of in terms of the Framers' intentions?    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you for that. And I would say that I do think Professor Pierce's observation about the expertise necessary in an increasingly complex society that it's possessed, in some regard--and, certainly, I have great respect for Chairman Marino and others on this panel, got certain subset of expertise, particularly in law enforcement, but that in some of these other areas, whether it involves the energy sector, food, safety, toxic water, that there is a degree of administrative expertise that exists most specifically at these agencies, and that in some sense, it is reasonable for there to be some understanding of deference given to them.    And I thank you, all, for your thoughts.    And I yield back.