    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Wormuth, General Breedlove, thank you for joining us.    I want to ask, so far, the administration's strategy to counter Russian aggression is focused on sanctions. We heard senior Russian officials, though, say that Russians will eat less food and use less electricity. Just this past Saturday, Secretary Kerry said the administration is exploring additional sanctions on Russia. Give me your perspective.    How effective to this point have sanctions been? Will they be more effective in the future in changing the Russian calculus? And what military options have you suggested to the administration to counter Russian aggression in Ukraine?    Mr. Wittman. Give us some specifics about what those effects are. I mean, that is a general terminology, they are affecting their economy. Tell me, how is it affecting the economy? The lives--the daily lives of Russians, it is really hurting them? Give us some perspective on what that is.    Mr. Wittman. General Breedlove.    General Breedlove. Congressman, on the military options to date, I will talk just briefly to U.S. and to our allies. Both U.S. and allies have brought primarily non-lethal aid to the table to help the Ukrainian military, and these are well known, everything from medical capabilities, food, to probably on the high end, our counter-mortar radars that we have delivered to them, which are defensive in nature, to allow the Ukrainians to understand when they are under attack, et cetera.    And the change now is that while we are considering, and you are deliberating, possibilities of lethal aid, now nations are beginning to also do what for nations outside of the U.S., I would categorize as training. You recently heard both Canada and U.K. announce that they are going in to do training in various things.    In the United States, we have a deep relationship with the Ukrainians that was already underway before this all started. And we are doing coaching and mentoring. You probably have heard and seen reported in the paper today that we have a team going in to do medical coaching and mentoring now.    So, we have non-lethal aid; nations doing training; U.S. forces doing coaching and mentoring. And then, of course, our Nation is deliberating the next step.    Mr. Wittman. Very good. General Breedlove, let me ask you this, from your perspective. Do you believe that Vladimir Putin's strategy is to undermine the credibility of NATO as it relates to its Article 5 obligations to protect NATO nations? And if so, do you believe that his next move might be to Latvia, Estonia, and Lithuania, and trying to destabilize that region?    General Breedlove. Congressman, I think that the main goal of Mr. Putin is to divide the West in general; in EU terms, economically, as you see him try to build his own economic union; and also militarily to divide NATO; to try to find those cracks, live in them, expand them, and try to bring dissent to the conversation.    So I absolutely believe that is his number one goal. If he divides NATO, he gets Ukraine. It would happen.    As to Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, I am not sure that would be the next targets. He understands what Article 5 means.    The Chairman. Mr. Moulton.