    Mr. Connolly. I thank my friend.    Unfortunately, I have to begin by chastising my friend. You know, my friend, the chair, who is truly my friend, referred to the President having a temper tantrum about Prime Minister Netanyahu, and Mr. Chabot, my friend from Ohio, and he is also my friend, said there is no President who has done more to damage the U.S.-Israeli relationship.    I cannot let that go by. A foreign leader has insulted the head of state of the United States Government. It is not a temper tantrum and it didn't start with President Obama. It started with Bibi Netanyahu.    You can decide for yourself whether it was appropriate for him to speak to a joint session. But the process is beyond dispute.    It was an insult to this government. Friends don't act that way, and I would say to my friend, Mr. Chabot from Ohio, it would come as news to Shimon Peres, the outgoing President of Israel who gave President Obama the highest award that the Israeli Government can give, for his support of Israel.    At some point, does the partisan rhetoric ever stop? Where are your loyalties with respect to the prerogatives of this government and our country? And the shameless way Mr. Netanyahu has conducted himself deserves reproach and I think the President has actually shown restraint.    And I say this as somebody who has a 35-year record of unwavering support for Israel. I am not a critic of the Israeli Government. But I am a critic of how this Prime Minister has treated my President--everyone's President--and I cannot sit here and listen to the waving away of bad behavior that is an insult to my country.    We have one President, whether you like him or not, whether you want to take political issue with him or not. Fair enough. That is fair game.    But when a foreign leader insults him, that should not be fair game and that should never be apologized away because it damages relationships long-term. It puts a divide where there was never a divide in public opinion in my country and I worry about that long term. I hope you do too.    Let me say, Mr. Deputy Secretary, it seems to me there are five issues that Congress has to be concerned about. There is the broad extensional question, are we better with a deal or without.    I would argue that same Prime Minister of Israel has never supported any agreement with Iran even though we are where we are, and he would like zero centrifuges. He would like zero enrichment capability.    He would like a complete roll back so that there is no nuclear capability, and so would I. But I don't know anybody who can achieve that, realistically, and if you feel that, if those are your goals, the only option is what has euphemistically been called the kinetic option if you are not willing to accept any nuclear capability and I am not sure the American people support that. I am not even sure the Israeli people support that. Would you agree with that analysis, Mr. Deputy Secretary?    Mr. Connolly. Let me--let me say I think there are five issues. If we move on--okay. Let us accept that and so we need an agreement. We are going to get the best agreement or we need to seek the best agreement we can.    I think with respect to my colleagues in Congress including myself there are five issues that have to be addressed and that the administration is going to have to convince us you have addressed efficaciously to the best of your ability to our satisfaction.    One is what capability is left in place? Number of centrifuges, percentage of enrichment--something we can live with? Something we got to worry about? Two, cheating, and that--the inspection regime to me is all important. If there are holes in the inspection regime I don't see how you are going to get any confidence in the agreement.    Thirdly, sanctions--how do we phase in the lifting of sanctions assuming an efficacious agreement and how expeditiously can we reimpose them? Our worry up here is that we might be okay but our allies may not.    Fourth, the threshold time frame--there are a lot of--there is a lot of legitimate concern up here that it is too fast, that Iran can quickly rush to nuclear capability under the reported terms of the agreement.    And, finally, the expiration of an agreement--the time frame for expiration. A lot of people are very concerned about the that, that it is almost an open invitation to a future Iranian Government to proceed.    Thank you very much, Madam Chairman.    Mr. Connolly. I know. I know.