    Mr. Polis. Thank you. I am thrilled to welcome Dr. Arnett from Loveland, Colorado. Dr. Arnett, who has his Ph.D. in forest science from Oregon State University, is the Senior Scientist at the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership. His other academic degrees include natural resource management, fish and wildlife management, zoology, and physiology. He worked as a wildlife biologist for the Forest Service and for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.    After he finished his doctorate, he joined an international conservation effort. He also is part of a public television series, ``This American Land,'' that helps educate the American public about our natural resources. He is also an avid sportsman, enjoys big-game hunting, fly fishing, and water foul and upland bird hunting, and is also an American Kennel Club judge.    I am really thrilled to welcome, from Loveland, Colorado, Dr. Ed Arnett. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Labrador, if you would like to introduce Mr. Miller from the state of Idaho.    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva. Thank you to our witnesses.    You know, I wonder whether, if the Dutch had an Endangered Species Act, whether the dodo bird would have gone extinct, and whether we would have the expression that something has gone the way of the dodo. Unfortunately, too many animals, including the dodo bird, have become extinct due to human actions.    The heath hen, a coastal North American bird in the grouse family, was once found from Massachusetts, south of Virginia, right near this area. But, due to over-hunting and habitat loss and domestic cats, my friend, the heath hen, who I have here, has sadly gone the way of the dodo.    What will be the fate of the greater sage grouse? If the language recently tucked into the Defense bill--of all things, the Defense bill--is any indication, unfortunately, my friend, the greater sage grouse, could go the way of the heath hen and go the way of the dodo bird. Effectively, it could be legislated into extinction by politicians. And that would be a shame, because state and Federal managers are on the cusp of a huge conservation victory if wildlife experts are allowed to stay the course without congressional or political interference.    I am fortunate to share my home state of Colorado with both the greater sage grouse and the Gunnison sage grouse. The greater sage grouse, which is the topic of today's hearing, is distributed in six populations in northwest Colorado; but it is threatened by industrial oil and gas development, fragmentation of its sagebrush habitat, fire, and invasive weeds. Due to these threats, the greater sage grouse occupies only half of the historic range and, therefore, based entirely on its merits has become a candidate for listing under the Endangered Species Act.    Through the Endangered Species Act, we have seen Federal agencies, the largest manager of sage grouse habitat in our area, in collaboration with state and local partners, take very important steps toward conserving and saving the bird and its habitat. More than 1.8 million acres of Colorado's greater sage grouse habitat is found on BLM lands in the Northwest District. That is almost half of the bird's entire habitat in Colorado.    The draft management plan considers four possible management alternatives for maintaining and increasing habitat for the greater sage grouse on BLM and national forest lands in northwest Colorado.    By the way, as you know, this applies to Federal lands only, not to private lands. And, importantly, the management alternatives reflect local adjustments and input to national management recommendations, based on input from cooperating government agencies and the general public. This unprecedented effort to bring people together to save a species that is an important part of our natural heritage in Colorado were catalyzed by the Federal recognition that the bird was a candidate species under the Endangered Species Act.    But you know what? It is also about the habitat. Colorado and other states, alongside their Federal partners, have been and continue to invest time and resources to protect the sage-steppe ecosystem which is critical to sportsmen and Colorado's outdoor-based economy. The sage-steppe ecosystem has been recognized as one of the most imperiled ecosystems in America. Of course, the bird is an emblem of it, but it has so many other important ramifications to protect our critical ecosystems.    Tourism is an incredible driver of our economy. In fact, as Governor Hickenlooper's executive order to preserve the sagebrush steppe said, in sustaining Colorado's outdoor-reliant economy, ``it fuels more than $3 billion in annual spending on wildlife-related recreation.'' I am pleased to see that, thanks to the flexibility of the Endangered Species Act, efforts from Federal agencies to private landowners and others can have an impact and save a species to prevent it from going the way of the heath hen, the way of the dodo.    I am thrilled that Mr. Swartout is here. Thank you for being here, and for your work on this important conservation initiative. Yours and Governor Hickenlooper's commitment to protecting the sage grouse from endangerment is clear in last week's executive order. I look forward to working with you, the Governor, and our coordinated agencies to preserve the framework of the Endangered Species Act, prevent forced legislative extinction of species, ensure that Colorado remains at the forefront of sage grouse protection, and to ensure that the sage grouse does not go the way of the dodo or the heath hen.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Polis. Thank you. I want to begin by thanking our friends at the American Museum of Natural History for the wonderful preserved heath hen, which, again, used to commonly roam from Virginia to Massachusetts. They are now extinct. They are a related species to the greater sage grouse, and, of course, we hope that Congress itself does not cause the greater sage grouse to go the way of the heath hen and the dodo.    I want to go to Dr. Arnett. Two legislative proposals have recently emerged that would delay an Endangered Species Act listing decision on the greater sage grouse through legislative action. What, from your perspective and expertise, would a 6- or a 10-year delay in listing mean for the greater sage grouse? And do you think the bird would be in better shape or worse shape?    Mr. Polis. In your opinion, if the listing was legislatively delayed 10 years, do you think a listing at that time would be even more likely, given the likely state of the bird and the withdrawal of some of the state efforts that they are engaging in?    Mr. Polis. Mr. Swartout, you spoke about the significant success Colorado has seen in sage grouse habitat conservation through the efforts of state, local, and private players. You also mentioned how important site-specific variables are in management of the grouse.    That being said, what are your thoughts on attempts made by this body, here in Washington, to give national directives through bills like the Defense bill, in terms of how sage grouse is managed?    Mr. Polis. Thank you.    Dr. Arnett, as you know, last month the Fish and Wildlife Service announced it would not list the bi-state population of the greater sage grouse in Nevada and California under the ESA because adequate safeguards to conserve the species were put in place by the state and Federal managers. Do you see any reason why a similar outcome can't be reached for the range-wide population of greater sage grouse, and is that a good model?    Mr. Polis. And do you think that Congress not politically or artificially delaying or taking this out for 10 years and making sure that that pressure exists is an important part of reaching the kind of arrangement that was done in Nevada and California for the greater sage grouse?    Mr. Polis. Great. Well, I----    Mr. Polis. Yes.    Mr. Polis. Thank you, and thanks again to the American Museum of Natural History. I yield back the balance of my time.    The Chairman. Too bad they didn't breed that thing for you.    Mr. Duncan.