    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us today, and thank you for your service to our Nation.    We have heard a lot about how we are going to address future challenges in our military. Obviously, a lot on the funding side, but I want to follow up, Secretary Carter, with some of the things you have spoken about about how we can do a better job in the dollars that we get in spending. Especially in making decisions on things like acquisition, big programs, making sure we have efficiency and timeliness in those decisions. That agility, as Admiral Howard spoke about yesterday, is critical.    Give me your perspective on where you believe we are right now with the acquisition process. Should there be greater authorities given throughout the different levels of decision-making in acquisition? And what do we really need to do as far as acquisition and, well, acquisition reform throughout the process?    Mr. Wittman. General Dempsey, your perspective on what we can do to help the procurement and acquisition process? Yesterday, some of the chiefs said they would like to be able to have the thresholds heightened so that they can be more involved in that decision-making process.    And give me your perspective too on how do we get, as Secretary Carter said, how do we get technology ideas, innovation, more quickly to the warfighter?    General Dempsey. Well, I align myself both with what the chiefs said yesterday about increasing their role in this process because it is a very bright red line right now that probably needs to be dotted, as we say, so there can be much more collaboration across it.    And, in terms of the technology, I think it is a combination of shortening our programmatic time horizons. You know, I recall the days of the Future Combat System, which was conceived in 2003. It was going to deliver in 2017, which, to my way of looking at it, doomed it to a graceless death from the moment because we--that is seven cycles of the Congress of the United States.    So I just think we have to take a look at the pace at which we try to develop.    I think, as the Secretary said, commercial is outpacing government at this point. And we can either fight that or find ways to conform to it.    Mr. Wittman. Very good.    Secretary Carter, just your perspective, it seems like what you are advocating is putting more authority but also accountability in the hands of decision-makers, so taking it more away from process, which, right now, is more of a process-driven effort, to more of a person- or individual-driven effort.    Kind of give me your perspective on where you think the balance is there, because it seems like we are too much of a process-driven effort today.    Mr. Wittman. Very good.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Graham.