    Mr. DiMARINO. Good morning, and thank you all for inviting me to testify before this Committee. I'm Mike DiMarino, president of Linda Tool. We're a second-generation family-owned manufacturer of precision machine components and assemblies located in Brooklyn, New York. Linda Tool has been located in Brooklyn since its inception in 1952.    Manufacturing in New York has always been so much of a challenge as it has been a blessing. New York has always enjoyed a rich history of manufacturing and cutting-edge technology. I'll give you a few examples.    Most people don't realize that New York is the proud home of the Coleman gas lamp mantle which was invented on Canal Street in New York City. The company today, Navis Global, is still a major customer of Linda Tool and has been since 1964.    It now produces high-tech cloth processing equipment, and Linda Tool makes components that no other company has ever made    New York is also home to the largest manufacturer of window envelope machinery in the world, F.L. Smithe, located on West 44th through West 48th Street and West Street in Manhattan. This was a cutting technology in its day. The Bahama Hinge Company, which probably most of the doors in this room have on them, was also located in Brooklyn, and AMF, the maker of bowling alley equipment, was located in Brooklyn, and now houses Lutheran Medical Center. Mergenthaler Linotype, Correcto-Type, even Ex-Lax belongs in New York City. These are all companies with cutting-edge technology in their heyday.    As it was in 1950, 2016 New York City is still a great place to manufacturer and has so much to offer. New York now boasts a robust 3D printer industry, a rapidly-growing drone manufacturing sector, and cutting-edge technology in recycling and biofuel. Honeybee Robotics of Manhattan was instrumental in development of the Mars Land Rover. This is all made possible by the opportunities that New York has to offer.    Most recently, New York City Schools have placed an emphasis on the development of manufacturing skills. Linda Tool recently hired two graduates from City Tech who went through their manufacturing engineering curriculum. These two new employees have the skills necessary to help Linda Tool move forward in the next phase of manufacturing. Their skills acquired in school, coupled with Linda Tool's old world training, is already paying off with some great advanced technology capabilities.    The schools are on the right track, but need more hands-on training in this curriculum as this would make graduates much more job ready. I personally would love to see an apprenticeship program for the manufacturing sector in place in the future.    The challenges are many. They are difficult, but you can understand some of it. Trying to marry urban life with industrial production is a challenge for anybody or any city that tries to do it. The New York City industrial business zones are one aspect that helps those of us trying to maintain a viable manufacturing business in New York.    One of the main challenges going forward is the loss of commercial industrial property. Gentrification is probably the biggest obstacle. As commercial and industrial areas are rezoned, it drives the price of real estate to such levels that economics just fail in trying to maintain a business. The preservation of the IBZs will greatly help with this, but they must be maintained.    The ability to move in this sector of technology can only have good benefits for all. Linda Tool itself was once an old world smoky, poorly lit, hazardous place to be employed. Today it is a modern, air-conditioned, well-lit, well-equipped manufacturing facility that boasts an employment stay of 15 years. We're also one of the few, if not the only, manufacturer in New York City that boasts a green roof on the entire roof of its facility.    We also have a wage scale that meets or exceeds our industry, and personally it is very satisfying to see employees of the company thrive. The higher wage scale is because of our ability to introduce more advanced technology into our business. This may not result in the head counts of yesteryear, but it most certainly lends itself to a higher-paying job for those that acquire the skills to do so.    Looking back, New York has always been a technology leader in many aspects. Obviously the technology has changed drastically, and many today have no idea of some of the things that were previously mentioned in this testimony. Regardless, New York was always a leader in advanced technology whatever the era. Looking to the future, I believe there is a bright spot for us in the manufacturing sector as long as preserve our industrial zones and concentrate on educating and training our youth, providing them with hands-on learning and what to expect in the working world. A good part of that is the work that our local development organizations are doing, coupled with the work that the Federal and local government is contributing.    Mr. DiMARINO. Now we have 28. When I started working in the company in 1975 we were three.    Mr. DiMARINO. That is when I started working there, we were three.    Mr. DiMARINO. Now we are 28, but we also survived the recession and did not lay anybody off through all that, which was pretty difficult. But we are able to maintain our force and expand it a little bit.    Mr. DiMARINO. No loans through the SBA, but we were able to put our green roof through the good graces of Congressman Velazquez on our facility with a Federal grant, which was quite a project.    Mr. DiMARINO. Yes.    Mr. DiMARINO. The challenges are really the training. I do not think it is so much of a higher education. It is one's ambition or willingness to learn and apply themselves to it. Like I said in my testimony, we hired two young people from City Tech, and the first young lady came in and she wanted to program my CNC machines. She never did it in her life. I interviewed her, and I could just see the fire burning in her belly. It was staring at me right in my face.    So I called my foreman. I said, Dave, you know, take Anna around and show her. He said, what do you want to hire somebody else in the office for? It is too much overhead. Just take her around and talk to her. He came back in a half an hour, he says, hire her. You could see she had a hunger for it, and we sent her for training, and now she is programming five-axis machines. It is unbelievable. It was tremendous.    Someone does not need years of education. I mean, we put her in education, but not advanced education. But it is the willingness to learn, and you have to have an interest in it.    Mr. DiMARINO. I have been fortunate. I have a lifelong friend and my tax attorney. I have been doing the R&D credit since it first came out, so that it is in the 1980s. I think it was 1986 when it first was implemented. But it is a wonderful tool, and everybody here at this table should take great advantage of it. It is tremendous. Really a tremendous tool.    Mr. DiMARINO. He is one of the Nation's leading experts in tax and R&D credit.