    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Pustay, let me come to you. Did you watch the testimony yesterday where we had 12 different witnesses across two panels talking about FOIA requests?    Mr. Meadows. So you are aware of their less than flattering testimony as it relates to your particular involvement with FOIA requests, maybe not yours personally but the Justice Department. Are you aware of that, that it was less than flattering?    Mr. Meadows. So what you're saying is that the testimony that we heard yesterday was just a few examples of frustrating, because that's not what I got from that, and I would characterize it as less than flattering.    I'm having a hard time reconciling your opening testimony with the testimony of a number of witnesses yesterday with regards to the Department of Justice and your responsiveness, because your opening testimony provided very glowing terms. So I guess my question for you is, on scoring different agencies on how they respond, who gets the best marks and who gets the worst marks on your scoring? Because I understand you score.    Mr. Meadows. Just who gets the best ones--I've got 5 minutes--so who gets the best scores and who gets the worst scores?    Mr. Meadows. So how does the Justice Department score on those milestones?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Would you suggest that if you're setting the milestones and you're scoring the milestones, that the testimony from all these other folks, who if they set milestones they wouldn't give you high marks, how do you give yourself high marks?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So let me ask you this then. Ms. Attkisson gave us an example of requesting a FOIA request and it taking 10 years. Her daughter was 8. She was 18 by the time the FOIA request. Would you say that that is a great response?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Would you say that that response is unique, that there are none others like that throughout all the FOIA requests?    Mr. Meadows. So what part of violating the FOIA law that is very clear--I mean, you know the FOIA law, I would assume, and it gives particular responses--what part of violating the FOIA law does the Department of Justice condone?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So what part of the law does the Justice Department condone?    Mr. Meadows. So you don't condone violating the law?    Mr. Meadows. Okay.    Mr. Meadows. So I would think that would be your answer.    Do you violate the law.    Mr. Meadows. So you've never violated the FOIA law?    Mr. Meadows. I believe that. So the question is----    Mr. Meadows. I believe that. So the question, under sworn testimony today, is the Justice Department does not violate--has never violated the FOIA law. Is that your testimony?    Mr. Meadows. Is that the law?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So with the extensions have you ever gone beyond the law?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So let me ask it a different way. Is there anything in the law that would ever give you waivers to allow 10 years to respond to a FOIA request? Because I can't find it. Can you show----    Mr. Meadows. Direct me to where----    Mr. Meadows. --it would be 10 years?    Mr. Meadows. Right.    Mr. Meadows. So can you direct me to the actual paragraph----    Mr. Meadows. --and send that to me where it says it's okay for 10 years?    Mr. Meadows. So do you believe it's in there for 10 years?    Mr. Meadows. I yield back. Thank you.