    Ms. Sevier. National PTA thanks Chairman Rokita and Ranking Member Fudge for the opportunity to submit testimony to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. On behalf of the National Parent Teacher Association, I express my appreciation for holding a hearing to discuss emerging technology and student data privacy.    My name is Shannon Sevier, vice president of advocacy for the National PTA, past European PTA president, and proud mother to Ryley, MacKenzie, Meraleigh, Ryan, and Hanna.    Founded in 1897, PTA is the oldest and largest volunteer child advocacy association in the United States. For more than 118 years, we have worked side by side with policymakers at every level to improve the lives of our nation's children. With more than 4 million members and 22,000 local units in every U.S. state, D.C., Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and Europe, PTA continues to be a powerful voice by advocating for federal policies to improve educational equity and opportunity for all children.    With access to so many families, PTA also recognizes our responsibility to our membership to approach changes in education policy through engagement and outreach and to recognize that true advocacy is achieved through stakeholder consensus and collaboration. National PTA has long been a vocal advocate of keeping kids safe; safe at school, safe at home, and same online.    The National PTA's position statement on technology safety clearly states National PTA opposes the practice of collecting, compiling, selling, or using children's personal information without giving parents notification or choice with respect to whether and how their children's personal information is collected and used.    The National PTA takes student data privacy seriously and believes we should strive to guarantee the effective use of students' information, while keeping that information protected. While student data management has changed, parents' and students' expectation of privacy has not. And as such, National PTA has made safeguarding student data a key pillar of our overall policy agenda.    The Administration has also called attention to this issue, announcing its support of what it calls the Student Digital Privacy Act, which would build upon the basic language of record management release and review offered by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, or FERPA. This law was written in 1974 with the intent to protect the privacy of student educational records and includes a parental consent provision.    Over the past 40 years, however, the concept of privacy has evolved from the right of direct control to an individual's right to control the information they have entrusted to others. This wrinkle in control requires subsequent change to student data privacy policy.    Entities collecting educational data should seek to provide value back to the people on whom data are being collected. Our children's data, our children's privacy, should not be treated as a product or commodity. Until now, the collection and use of student data could not be feasibly used to target advertising or mass profiles by third party vendors. The use of student data for other than educational purposes was not contemplated on a large commercial scale. FERPA provisions must be updated to address the privacy concerns presented through such use.    In addition, we are seeing this data collected and stored in a different fashion heretofore not addressed by FERPA. State by state, we see the construction of longitudinal data systems that hold hundreds or even thousands of pieces of data related to individual students. Typically, demographic, enrollment, curriculum choice, test performance, and grade information. The extent to which this information constitutes a student's legal educational record is unclear, as are the policies for protecting student data through cloud-based computing.    Current policy also begs the questions, who owns the data and who is responsible for the management of the data? Has the data been selected ethically with full consent and notification? And what constitutes sufficient notice in the case of breaches or unauthorized releases of data?    Parents, as their child's first educator, play a unique role in education reform. Whether big or small, reform will be unsustainable without the buy-in of these key stakeholders.    National PTA remains committed to engaging parents, to guaranteeing students have safe and secure access to technology in the classroom, and committed to supporting policies that ensure responsible management of student records, digital or otherwise.    National PTA commends the committee for holding this hearing and highlighted the need for sound federal policy that balances the promise of educational technologies with student data, privacy, and security.    Thank you.    Rokita. Thank you for your testimony.    Ms. Knox, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms. Sevier. I do. It sounds like we are all speaking on behalf of student privacy. And I just wanted to bring up the parent engagement aspect. If parents are not able to review digital records and if digital records are not included in the definition of a child's educational record, then that kind of relegates the parents to being a bystander in the process, and not a participant. And I think we need parents as participants. We need them involved.    Ms. Sevier. Yes. We need them to be involved. If a digital profile is going to guide my children's opportunities, whether they graduate, whether they are eligible for services, I want to review that. I want to be involved. I want know how those determinations were made. And right now, unless I am in her school district, I don't necessarily have that opportunity.    Ms. Sevier. That is an interesting question. And I think that there are layers of misunderstanding, depending on how involved the parent is in the landscape. But I also think that the reason that question is most interesting is because the way that the law is written right now, there is release of information that is not considered a breach. Does that make sense? And I think that is really the focus of revising FERPA and kind of shoring up those areas; really looking at the digital information that is being collected and stored, informing parents not just how it is being collected and stored and who is using it, but how it is legitimately being applied within the school, and then allowing them to review that.    And I would say that dialogue at that level is not happening, but that we are taking first steps with partners, like Microsoft, to get information out to parents so that they play more of an active role in shaping policy, at least at the district level.    Ms. Sevier. It was fascinating. And it enabled our state leaders to go back to their states and kind of mimic that same behavior with their constituents so they were informed advocates around the issue. And it decreased the amount of hyperbole. And I think it makes us better decision makers.    Ms. Sevier. Thank you. The situation that you bring up is interesting to me. Because with this relationship that Google has with the district--and this goes even to some online apps that are used in a classroom--parents and students do have an expectation of privacy, but they don't always realize when they are opting out of it.    And so part of engagement and information-sharing would be to educate teachers, administrators, parents and students, when they are opting out of privacy; for them to understand that by participating in something--by using Google or one of those platforms, that they are giving their information up--    Ms. Sevier. Thank you. I would. If you went to the street and you pulled ten parents and you asked them well, how do you feel about biometric data and should it be collected on your student? Depending on the article that they just read that morning, they might just say they are thinking of that grilled cheese sandwich and no, you can't scan my child's eyes so that they can move through the lunch line. But maybe you have got other parents that are thinking about their child that is in speech therapy, and that biometric data is being used to accelerate their learning. And so it is all about conversations and information, definitely.    Ms. Sevier. The takeaway for today is to consider parents as partners in education, and not bystanders; to always support outreach and information; to consider not just who has the data and how it is being stored, but how it is being used in schools. Grilled cheese, speech therapy. And whether or not parents have a right to review that information. Because I can give content. But if it is a one-time thing, I am still a bystander.