    Mr. Latta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Mr. Secretary, welcome back to the committee. It is always good to have you here.    If I could just follow up what the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Pitts, was asking, and you mentioned about the swap--the light versus heavy with Mexico. Maybe some folks might not understand why you would have to have a swap. Why is that? That you would have to swap light for heavy crude. Is----    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    Mr. Latta. OK, thanks very much. Another issue not only has this subcommittee taken up but also especially the Telecom Subcommittee, in regards to cyberattacks and physical attacks that could occur to our infrastructure in this country. And so it is not only a growing concern but a great concern that we all have as to what could happen. The committee's discussion draft on energy reliability and security provides the Secretary of Energy the authority to take emergency measures to protect the bulk power system from grid security emergencies. Are you generally supportive of the DOE having grid security emergency authority?    Mr. Latta. Well, let me ask, what other grid security recommendations you would make to this committee that we should consider at this time?    Mr. Latta. Let me ask this. How concerned are you about electromagnetic pulses against the grid system?    Mr. Latta. When you say low probability, how--what percent probability would you put that at?    Mr. Latta. OK. Well, because----    Mr. Latta. OK, thank you. Could you explain the importance of information sharing and public-private partnerships as it relates to security the electric grid?    Mr. Latta. Yes. Could you explain the importance of information sharing and public-private partnerships as it relates to securing the electric grid?    Mr. Latta. OK. And finally, in the very short period of time I have, in analyzing recent power plant retirements, the QER mentions market factors, low cost of natural gas, and changing coal prices as the driving factors behind the retirements. Would you agree that environmental regulations like the Mercury Air Toxics Standard and the proposed Clean Air Power Plan also played a role in the retirement of some of our electric generator units?    Mr. Latta. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, my time has expired. I yield back.