    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I find it noteworthy that the Majority's information on this hearing, the focus of this hearing, and the questioning that has happened to date has been strangely silent about dirty fossil energy projects, and whether they might suffer from some of the same problems that are being leveled at clean renewable energy projects, or maybe even worse problems.    Now, Ms. Fennell, the GAO has written many reports on lax bonding policies and practices regarding the oil and gas program, too, correct?    Mr. Huffman. When were the oil and gas bond amounts last updated?    Mr. Huffman. Right. Since the Eisenhower presidency, I believe. You have also made findings about the adequacy of the current bond amounts for oil and gas projects. Is it fair to say you have found those to be woefully inadequate?    Mr. Huffman. Thank you.    Deputy Director Ellis, on this theme of taxpayer risk from potential pollution, can you tell me how many renewable energy projects on Federal land have not been cleaned up by the developer before they left?    In other words, how many wind and solar projects have ever left taxpayers on the hook?    Mr. Huffman. How about oil and gas sites? Could you say the same of those?    Mr. Huffman. I have reference here to a 2010 GAO report finding that BLM spent $3.8 million to reclaim 295 orphaned wells in 10 states. Does that sound about right?    Mr. Huffman. I believe BLM has identified an additional 144 orphaned wells in seven states that need to be reclaimed as well; so we are looking at a pretty sizable taxpayer exposure for orphaned wells and other problems related to inadequate bonding from oil and gas projects. Is that fair to say?    Mr. Huffman. Well, thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I am really struck by what this hearing could have been if we were really interested in oversight of taxpayer exposure from these energy projects, and if we did not have an unwritten rule in this committee and with the House Majority right now that we can never say anything bad about fossil fuel energy projects; we have to always pick on clean renewables.    If we were interested, we could take a look at the inadequate bonding rates that go back to the Eisenhower administration. We could take a look at this one-of-a-kind, self-bonding give away to the coal industry that puts them in an even more risky position relative to protecting the taxpayer. We could look at the fact that that self-bonding program inures to the benefit of major coal companies in millions of dollars each and every year, that we have had independent reports suggesting that the failing financial health of those coal companies underscores the risk to taxpayers right now, and that they may be playing games with their subsidiaries in order to continue enjoying this one-of-a-kind self-bonding status that is not available to clean, renewable energy programs.    All of that is something that we could have addressed. We could have talked about the fact that instead of picking on clean renewable energy, which has never cost the taxpayers a dime, where we have identified some inadequacies and discrepancies that are being addressed by BLM right now, fixed in a rulemaking. Instead of that, we could talk about the actual loss to taxpayers that is occurring and the significant risk that we face because of these lopsided policies that continue to tilt the energy playing field in favor of dirty fossil fuel energy projects.    That all could have made for a great hearing, but unfortunately we are left with this very shallow farce of an oversight hearing, and I think that is a tragedy.    With that, I will yield the balance of my time.    Mr. Huffman. Would the gentleman yield?    Mr. Huffman. Point of parliamentary inquiry, Mr. Chairman. I have just heard you interrupt the witness, I think no less than 10 times.    Mr. Huffman. Are we entitled to actually get his testimony or do you intend to shout him down and not let him talk?    Mr. Huffman. The Chairman is out of order.    Mr. Huffman. Exactly, so let him answer and then it will not be worthless.    Mr. Huffman. You can shout on YouTube any time you want.    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Huffman. Well, I will let the witness actually answer when I ask questions, and we will see how that goes.    We have had this hearing that is supposed to be about the policies and practices for the bonding of energy projects on Federal land, BLM specifically. That is nominally the subject of this hearing. It is focused on clean renewable energy projects and a few discrepancies that are being addressed, that have been acknowledged, but that have not cost the taxpayer any money.    When we point out the lopsided nature of exposure to taxpayers and costs to taxpayers when it comes to dirty fossil fuel energy projects, twice now in this hearing there has been some intellectual sleight of hand by the Majority.    They brought up Solyndra. Now, I just want to ask you, Deputy Director Ellis, did Solyndra ever have an energy project on BLM land?    Mr. Huffman. No. So they would never have any bonding issues with Solyndra if we were talking about the subject of this hearing, right?    Solyndra, in fact, was a technology that received some loan guarantees through a Department of Energy program. It has nothing whatsoever to do with the subject of this hearing, but it has come up twice when we point out something that should be the subject of this hearing, and that is the enormous taxpayer exposure from inadequate bonding rates for oil and gas projects set in the 1950s and 1960s and the hugely permissive self-bonding, one-of-a-kind rule for coal energy projects.    When we talk about those things, the Majority changes the subject and talks about Solyndra. Now, we could talk about the subsidy issue. We could talk on that side of it about the equally disproportionate subsidies that have gone to fossil fuel energy projects over the decades and that continue to this day. It would tell a similar story about a playing field for energy that is hugely tilted in favor of dirty fossil projects.    We could have that conversation, but that would probably best occur in the Energy and Commerce Committee. Here in this committee, though, I want the record to be crystal clear that we could have focused on things that are really costing the taxpayers money right now, and that is the inadequate bonding of dirty fossil energy projects.    Instead, we have chosen this ``tempest in a teapot'' over some anomalies and discrepancies involving clean renewable projects; none of which have failed, none of which have cost the taxpayers any money. As you have testified, Deputy Director Ellis, at the end of the day, it appears that all of the bonds are going to be accounted for.    So I just want to say to you, Deputy Director, that you have kept your composure and kept your cool in the face of some questioning that I find disappointing, to be charitable. Never have I seen so much hostility, bullying, and animus directed at something that was just so disproportionately and relatively insignificant, frankly, in the scheme of things. It's as if this were a Benghazi hearing over a few discrepancies that are already being addressed in a rulemaking.    Mr. Huffman. My apologies to you. This is my time, Mr. Chairman. My apologies to you that you have suffered through some questioning that I think is beneath the dignity of this committee and the House of Representatives.    Mr. Huffman. When you say that someone is lying and being dishonest, that is not animus?    Mr. Huffman. There will be a lot of words taken down, I'm sure Mr. Chairman, including many of yours.    Mr. Huffman. I have no questions.