    Mrs.  Beatty. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman, and to our ranking member and to our witnesses today. First, let me say that I support what Ranking Waters said in relationship to wanting to be able to look at a public-private operation. So I am going to try to get through two quick questions, one to you, Mr. Birnbaum, and one to you, Mr. Bradshaw, as it relates to the National Flood Insurance Program and privatization.    To you, Mr. Birnbaum, we have certainly heard some interesting testimony here today. And I have had an opportunity to look through your written statement. And one of the concerns I have is the area of moving away from the National Flood Insurance Program to privatization. I am concerned, I am sure my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are concerned or should be concerned, and I know FEMA is also concerned when you look at the $23 billion in debt. And so I guess my question is if we talk about, as you stated, Mr. Birnbaum, that we move away from privatization and move away from the way it is now to privatization, what happens to the $23 billion in debt? Because certainly one would not expect FEMA or the taxpayers to be left holding the bag. And when you recommend that the National Flood Insurance Program get out of the business of being a flood insurance provider and do its transition, I don't think I saw anywhere in there where you addressed what happens to the $23 billion in debt. Did I miss that? Or is there something there that you can share with us?    Mrs.  Beatty. When you say, ``cut your losses,'' that makes it go away?    Mrs.  Beatty. So I guess what I am hearing--and certainly you are the expert--is that if Congress is going to have to pay it for it to be privatized, and Congress is going to have to pay it to leave it the way it is, where is the in-between of public and private in sharing in that cost?    Mrs.  Beatty. For the sake of time, I am going to move on quickly to you, Mr. Bradshaw. Can you tell me the value of the flood plain maps as it benefits lower- and middle-income Americans and first-time home buyers?    Mrs.  Beatty. Okay.    Thank you.