    Mr. Wilkins. Thank you, Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, members of the subcommittee. I do appreciate the chance to be here today to talk to you about our budget request.    I submitted my written testimony. What I thought I would use my introductory time for is just to say a few words about each of the four slides that I submitted, because they provide some good context for our budget.    The first slide. So just taking the historical perspective, the FCC does have a two-plus decades record of being a very good fiscal steward for the U.S. Government. So the left-hand side of the chart shows that we are now closing in on $100 billion of revenue raised for the Treasury since 1994, overwhelmingly from our auctions proceeds. Over that same time frame, we have spent less than $8 billion on agency operation. So for the U.S. Treasury, that means that 8 cents spent on the FCC generates $1, and of course, even that 8 cents doesn't come from general revenues, it comes either from retained auction proceeds for a very tiny portion of those auction revenues, or from our Section 9 reg. fees.    Now, our budget request for '16 is significant, and exactly as you said, Chairman Walden, it is for $84 million. I just want to make three points about that request. The first one is that the lion's share of that request, 71 percent, is from a management standpoint, these are unavoidable costs; these are not costs that management is, for example, seeking as a new initiative. The bulk of it is for the move. Our current lease expires in October 2017, and we do have to spend some money to reap the long-term benefits of lower lease costs. We are requesting $21 million for IT. The bulk of that is to finish the job that we started to truly transform and modernize our IT infrastructure. It is by far our most important management initiative. It will bring benefits and costs in efficiency and in operations. And then the third point, these are the only things we are requesting more funds for. In the last several years, we have asked for more money from more people, for example. We are not doing that. We heard the message and, in fact, over the last year we have had a chance to look at our workforce. We think we can do the job with the people we have if we can upgrade the IT. So it is a big request, but it is really just for these things.    Now, to put that budget request in context, for the last 6 fiscal years, on the left-hand side, the FCC has been essentially flat. Our auctions funds was at $85 million for 9 years. It has gone up 2 of the last 3 years, specifically for the incentive auctions. We appreciate that, and that work is going well. In our non-auctions area though, we have been actually flat in nominal terms. We had a very small increase from '11 to '12 that was more than offset by sequestration, and in real terms, our purchasing power has gone down. So we are mainly a people-centered agency. Federal pay increase alone increases our cost by a couple of million dollars a year. Our rent goes up a little bit every year. So to put that in context, fiscal year 2015, our flat budget was paired up against almost $7 million of increased costs just for our people and our rent and other contracts. That is about 40 to 50 people. In a given year, the FCC loses about 100, 120 people, just to retirement and other attrition. So what the flat line really means is that for every two people that leave the commission right now, we can only replace one. And the right-hand side shows the results of that. As Member Eshoo said, our staffing is at its lowest, again, in '15, and our current management plan is for it to go even lower in 2016; more than 100 lower than 6 years ago, and more than 200 lower from the 20-year average.    Finally, IT we think really is the solution to this. There is no question that we can use IT to do our work more efficiently, more transparently, and to support all the things that Congress wants us to do. Over the last year, we have put in place a very strong plan. We have actually started to move it down the field. Three main areas, infrastructure costs. As of today, we still have over 200 very expensive large servers sitting in very expensive downtown real estate, being serviced by very expensive direct contractors. Using some reprogramming money we got last year, we have just finalized a contract to move those to an off-site facility. It is the first step in moving to a truly low-cost, secure cloud, efficient environment. When you do that, you can improve the way you work with data. So at the FCC, we have over 100,000 data objects, including multiple definitions of the same basic thing that, to a business person, seems ridiculous, 40 terabytes of data, very expensive. When we have the infrastructure upgraded, we can then essentially put all that data into a similar shared environment that we can use much more efficiently. And that then gets to the third piece; mission systems. That is where we really saved the most money. We right now do most of our software development on kind of a custom model. Everything is a, you know, it is a custom renovation, if you will. We want to get to a world where it is, you know, it is IKEA, you know, you just have the pieces, it is pretty easy to build. When the infrastructure and the data are modernized, we think that we can cut our development costs by 50 to 75 percent and the times to be shorter. So this is a thing that, from a management perspective, we just want to plant our flag. We want to be able to do this, and it will allow us to do a lot of things more efficiently, and better do what Congress needs us to do.    And with that, I am happy to take any questions. Thank you again.    Mr. Wilkins. True.    Mr. Wilkins. It is lumpy, and----    Mr. Wilkins . Actually, until the most recent AWS-3 auction, the average was around $2.2 billion a year.    Mr. Wilkins. Actually, when you add in $45 billion, that goes up quite a bit----    Mr. Wilkins . But it will be lumpy. That is the nature of auctions----    Mr. Wilkins . But on the long----    Mr. Wilkins. Certainly, it depends on auction proceeds.    Mr. Wilkins. No. I absolutely will convey that back to the chairman's staff when I am back at the commission later.    Mr. Wilkins. So any use of personal, whether it is e-mail or social media, certainly is subject to general Federal Records Act requirements----    Mr. Wilkins . Including the schedules that we have in place. Those rules, as you know, certainly do require if you are doing things that are official government business in those environments, it is the responsibility of the employee to bring them back into our records environment.    Mr. Wilkins. So let me follow up on the exact details of that contract. Greenhill, as you know, it is an investment firm that we contracted with to do estimates of the value of broadcast licenses----    Mr. Wilkins . For the spectrum auction, as part of that process.    Mr. Wilkins. The results of their work has been shared with quite a few broadcasters around the country.    Mr. Wilkins. I think we have found them pretty valuable. In terms of that individual, we will follow up with you on the details.    Mr. Wilkins. OK.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. So WCB, of course, are the program owners of each of the four main universal service programs. Everything from policy development to administration of policies, everything from rules to appeals, sort of all of the day-to-day operations of the program in the legal sense.    Mr. Wilkins. No. That should not go to the International Bureau unless I am missing some small detail, but no.    Mr. Wilkins. It is definitely intended to focus on activities related to USF.    Mr. Wilkins. No. Just more broadly, we developed that $25 million figure based on the amount of activities related to USF across the commission, and it is all activities, it is not just----    Mr. Wilkins . Audits, for example. A very small portion of that, if there was leg. affairs work-related to USF communications with Congress, for example----    Mr. Wilkins . I think we would include that. The idea was to fully capture the costs related to USF work.    Mr. Wilkins. Thank you.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Absolutely.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Sure.    Mr. Wilkins. Well, the Enforcement Bureau is around 240 people right now----    Mr. Wilkins . But we are not projecting staff increases for any bureau including the Enforcement Bureau.    Mr. Wilkins. The Enforcement Bureau, actually, is a great example of how our IT actually can enable more effective use of the people that we have.    Mr. Wilkins. And it actually relates to process reform. Process reform in my office is an internal support exercise. Interestingly, the Enforcement Bureau is the first large bureau at the commission that has, what I would call, a real tracking system of how they do work. That was put in place in 2012.    Mr. Wilkins. We have a new bureau chief there who, I can tell you, is very aggressively using that sort of metrics to make sure he is deploying his staff on them most important areas, such as the ones that you mentioned.    Mr. Wilkins. So the way we think about it is, we don't need to add dozens of people to any given bureau to deliver those results. We think we have very good people, we just want to use them more efficiently----    Mr. Wilkins . And we see a lot of opportunities for the IT to do that.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Right. Off-the-shelf.    Mr. Wilkins. OK. So we have over $40 billion in our FCC accounted treasury----    Mr. Wilkins . For the close of the auction. There is the usual post-auction--any disputes, all issues have to be resolved. The licenses then can be issued by the Wireless Bureau----    Mr. Wilkins . And then the money can flow to----    Mr. Wilkins. Congresswoman, I can't give you an estimate, all I can say is we are working on it as fast as we can. We know----    Mr. Wilkins. I think that the ballpark, it is within a year----    Mr. Wilkins . But in this case, obviously, it is a very high dollar auction, lots of questions----    Mr. Wilkins . All I can say is we will move as quickly as we can.    Mr. Wilkins. Internally?    Mr. Wilkins. So----    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. If 911 is called within our facilities, we can identify where in the building the call came from. That is an issue in and of itself; is it eighth floor, fifth floor, wherever. So we have a process where our security team knows when the call goes out, it goes through to first responders, but then we also----    Mr. Wilkins. Yes, our----    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. Our system, we do dial the extra 9. So we are 9911.    Mr. Wilkins. We service a lot of agencies. There is a----    Mr. Wilkins. There are mixed practices out there. And then in terms of location, our security team knows where in the building the call came from, both tells responders and then also delivers our folks there.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. It was a specific material weakness that related to the way USAC, or the Universal Service Administrative Company, reconciled its invoice amounts against obligated funds. It specifically related to the extent of the invoice deadlines in a particular year, and their systems didn't automatically report back to their obligation system. They actually found the problem. We were aware of it before the auditors came in, of course. We told the auditors. So the auditors, quite appropriately, said this is a problem to fix, but no money was lost, it actually was a management step that was identified.    Mr. Wilkins. No. No money was lost.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. That was just from 1 year because they changed the invoice system for 1 year.    Mr. Wilkins. No, that is our FCC genesis system. This issue you are raising was at USAC, which is a separate----    Mr. Wilkins. For our system?    Mr. Wilkins. A company called CGI.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Right. So we think that the need to have that joint effort is very important. What we are doing though is redeploying resources we have to staff it, whereas a year ago we said actually give us more money to hire more people. And I think it is an example of a year in there as the senior management team looking very hard at the people we have and where we can be more efficient, we said let us use the FTEs we have to do this work, instead of asking for more.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes, so in 2015 we requested $10.8 million for 45 FTEs, I believe the breakdown was 17 for the Enforcement Bureau, I want to say 20 for the Wireline Competition Bureau, another 10 for my office, and the rest for the IG, I believe. I might be off by one or two, but that was the rough breakdown. We are not going to have that high of a staffing level so, for example, instead of those 17 for the Enforcement Bureau, right now that USF enforcement component of the Enforcement Bureau, it was five people, and those are roles that we have filled as people have left. So the group will not be as big, but as we have the opportunity to reallocate resources we have, we think we will staff that up because we are seeing lots of benefits from what we are doing.    Mr. Wilkins. Well, certainly, and I think the IG would agree with this too, $1 of enforcement or oversight in USF tends to generate positive, more than $1 of returns from those activities. Certainly, our reason for creating that effort is because universal service, all those programs have been going through lots of change over the last 2 or 3 years, essentially around modernizing it for broadband. When you do that, the rules change. Simple compliance can be harder for people to participate in it because the rules are different. Obviously, USF--and sometimes you have criminal or fraud issues, but frankly, compliance with the rules is an important issue for us. Our rules say if you don't comply with them, you shouldn't get the money. And that is the kind of thing that we are really focusing on internally is making sure that there is compliance as the rules change so that the money goes where it should go.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. So our current fully-loaded lease costs to remain at headquarters is around $40 million, $41 million. The space planning that we are doing already with GSA, essentially to bring us, I would say, just in line with current federal guidelines, we would be reducing that space by around 30 percent. And I think GSA--obviously, we are customers of GSA in this process. They would also propose probably a lower per square foot. So essentially, the idea would be for our lease costs to go down by $11 million to $12 million a year over 15 years. You deduct from that though the, for example, the $51 million we are requesting now to facilitate that move, and the net would be $119 million over the 15 years.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. If we continue to be flatlined, it will impact our ability to delivery all areas of our mission. I think our current budget proposal that we can make do with fewer people is based on having much better IT to use those people much more efficiently. And in the consumer enforcement area you are describing, for example, there is a huge opportunity to use data and analytics, using IT to be much smarter about finding areas that we then go focus the resources we have instead of just, perhaps, waiting for someone to complain. So that is the opportunity we see, but it does require the investment. I mean if we are flat lined, there is no way we can make the investments nearly as promptly as we want to. And I would actually add, if we are flat lined for '16, in the sense of not being able to fund those move costs, that money is going to come from somewhere. I mean our lease, after 2017, goes up by $9 million a year, and nothing else changes, someone has to pay that. I mean there really is kind of a downward spiral around this move that, everything else aside, really would affect our ability to fund anything at a reasonable level.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. I think right now, our cost profile for IT continues to grow because the cost of maintaining things that are older and older grows every year. And when I was here in September, I testified that over \1/2\ our systems are more than 10 years old in terms of software, and the software, well, that might as well be 100 years, right? The cost to do a software update for something that was installed in 2004 is astronomical because almost no one else does it. And so it is really that treadmill; if you don't invest to get off the treadmill, it just goes faster and faster, and you run faster and faster, and you don't get anywhere and you are just spending more money to essentially, you know, deliver the same or worse.    Mr. Wilkins. We think with sufficient IT support, the staffing level we propose in '16 lets us do everything Congress needs us to do.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. So it would be a programming change for our voice-over IP phone system. It would cost some money. Depends on if we just did it for our main headquarters facility, or went to all of our remote locations. Actually hearing the committee's interest and concern in that, I would be very glad to go back and talk again with my IT team and see what else we can do.    I will say that having looked at it, the one question that we had for management is, the people that use our phones are our internal people; we don't have members of the public back in our offices, and at some level, they are used to dialing 9 to get out. And so we will----    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. We will be very glad to go back and----    Mr. Wilkins. OK.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. And so I think--my QFRs or one of our document requests to this committee last year, we specifically broke out--wherever we can, we do direct accounting. So a person who works on auctions, they literally do their timecode and say I worked on auctions. And wherever we can, we do that. An IT contract that is for the new auctions platform, obviously goes to auctions.    Around $55 million of our current auction spending is directly accounted for.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. Yes, we will----    Mr. Wilkins. We are certainly doing ongoing review to make sure those costs are accurately reflected.    Mr. Wilkins. Sure. We will be glad to provide all the information.    Mr. Wilkins. So as you said, NTIA got the funding in the Recovery Act, because the FCC has expertise in it, lot of our processes obviously involve collecting broadband data, NTIA set up an interagency contract to fund us to actually do the IT systems, and that was the practice until their funding went away. So the idea of transferring it to us, I wouldn't say it was like a preordained it transferred to the FCC, it is more of de facto we run it, they can't fund it anymore. We have found it to be a valuable policy tool and we would like to keep funding it, but, as you said, it was not funded last year, and right now it is on hold. I mean we are actually not investing money to keep upgrading it or operating it in any kind of real way.    Mr. Wilkins. Right. It was----    Mr. Wilkins. Yes, well, it was the kind of thing where agencies can collaborate on--NTIA had some money, we had some expertise, we did the arrangement, set it up that way, and it worked pretty well while they had the funding. And now we have to figure out if we want to maintain it, where the funding comes from.    Mr. Wilkins. Thank you for that question. So one of the activities we are now undertaking with our most recent budget being less than we asked for, is a systematic review of all of our people, all of our offices, to find out how we can most efficiently deploy with the resources we have. So we are actively looking at that. It is not a line item in our budget necessarily----    Mr. Wilkins . But we are definitely looking into staffing levels in offices like New York, and trying to make sure we are making the best use of the people and the money that we have.    Mr. Wilkins. Sure.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes, I would agree. So the only way that we can, especially in that field part of the FCC, the only way we can manage is to find out where is the highest density of need, and how can we deploy the people and the resources we have against that. So that is absolutely the principle that we are using as we are doing this review right now.    Mr. Wilkins. Thank you for that question. That is a very important priority for the chairman. My office is responsible for, I would describe as the internal process reform steps. There is a separate set of issues around how the commissioners operate that my office doesn't really play a role in. I will give you a couple of examples. There are a lot of things on the internal process reform report around improving transparency and using metrics to better manage our internal resources. One thing that we just completed, with my office as the main implementer, was a new system for consumers to register complaints with the commission. We have a new online system, it is a Web site. You have a problem related to your phone bills or any other FCC issue, it is actually much easier for you as an individual to go and make that complaint. The process reform angle is we now have a much easier way to track those things, to figure out is the backlog or the volume going up or down in given areas, be more transparent about it and manage our resources better. So that is one example. And I would just emphasize that the IT investments that we want to make here, that we have talked about so far in the hearing, are overwhelmingly about having that model be used in many other areas for process reform improvement, and that is why the chairman is on my back to make sure we get the IT right.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes, and let me answer that with two examples. My office actually does the fee proceedings. We just completed one last year where we tried to make at least a few areas better. So for example, we set a new de minimis standard where a very small business, under the old formula, may have had to pay us a few hundred dollars and, frankly, spend more money on lawyers and filing costs than the money, we just exempted them. So trying to make it just less of a burden.    This also is the USF proposal in our current budget. It is specifically designed so that the parts of the industry that are involved in USF are the ones who would support those activities of the commission, and the ones who aren't involved in USF would not. Under our current model, I mean a broadcaster is a good example, broadcasters don't have anything to do with USF. Part of the regulatory fee a broadcaster pays does, in our current model, go to basically pay for our USF activities. And given that our costs will go up because of the move for a year or two, we just thought this was the exact right time to propose that alignment so that the people that pay fees, that sort of pay for things that relate to their business or their activity.    Mr. Wilkins. Right. Certainly. So we always use move or restacking because, certainly, our current landlord is eligible to bid to retain our lease, and so the restacking would be we would stay at the current facility but in smaller space. So we would collapse and literally restack where the offices were laid out. And so I think it is important from the GSA perspective that we maintain as much competition for our lease as possible, so we always maintain that.    The $51 million budget request certainly applies to either one of those, because really what that pays for, it pays for internal construction, walls, and these are not exciting things but they are necessary things. So the furniture, and even if we restacked our current location, you would change the footprint because you are going to smaller offices, et cetera. And we are committed to those--I mean we are committed and, frankly, GSA is going to make sure we are committed to those lower lease costs in the long term as we talked about.    Mr. Wilkins. Right. So Congress has to first approve a prospectus. That hopefully will be coming from OMB relatively soon. And then an RFP goes out to commercial lessors for the period of several months, and people look at our requirements, how much space, other things, and there is a competitive bidding process that GSA runs and, you know, we try to get the best deal for the taxpayer.    Mr. Wilkins. Certainly.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Right. Yes, right, the use of the broadband map is a tool exactly to facilitate that kind of input and two-way dialogue, because you are right, in universal service, for example, we are deploying millions of dollars and it really is supposed to be where it is most needed.    Mr. Wilkins. Exactly.    Mr. Wilkins. Exactly. And so the broadband map has been used, and our hope is to use it as a tool just to make that easy, because it is one thing to have some complicated data set to look at, it is another thing to see a map of your county which you know----    Mr. Wilkins . See what the FCC thinks is right or wrong, and if it is wrong, to be able to tell us.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. I am familiar with Six Sigma. I can tell you that in my budget discussion with Chairman Wheeler, you know, he and I are both relatively new to the government, from the private sector, and I am familiar with zero-based budgeting. Certainly, Chairman Wheeler's instructions to me are to find ways to be as efficient as possible. You know, in the federal context, you know, restructuring your workforce takes more time and energy because there are a number of constraints, and actually what we are----    Mr. Wilkins. Well, and what we are doing now though is consistent with those obligations that we have to follow, how can we most effectively restructure.    Mr. Wilkins. So we are doing some of that work now. I mean we are--in some of our areas we are doing----    Mr. Wilkins. Well, not Six Sigma specifically, but using tracking information we have and doing more of a zero-based exercise of----    Mr. Wilkins . What does it really take to do the work that is being----    Mr. Wilkins. Sure. Be glad do.    Mr. Wilkins. We agree.    Mr. Wilkins. Agreed.    Mr. Wilkins. No, I wouldn't want to say that. I would emphasize----    Mr. Wilkins . Thought that when spectrum auctions were created in the mid-'90s, I don't think anyone expected it would lead to the----    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Well, our auction staff does do that work. I mean that money comes from somewhere. It is because there is an auction staff that runs those auctions.    Mr. Wilkins. Well----    Mr. Wilkins. I think that the recent increases for our auction----    Mr. Wilkins. Well, I think for auctions, the $11 million that we are requesting for our auctions fund probably will generate more than $100 million from the----    Mr. Wilkins. No, no, clearly, clearly, there is a limiting principle----    Mr. Wilkins. OK.    Mr. Wilkins. That is fair.    Mr. Wilkins. OK. Absolutely.    Mr. Wilkins. Would you like me to--I can----    Mr. Wilkins . Say a little more?    Mr. Wilkins. So on the move costs, it is $51 million that is just in our budget request.    Mr. Wilkins. It is split as our usual practice between auctions and non-auctions.    Mr. Wilkins. $51 million. That would be the first of two fiscal years where some of that spending is required. The total estimate we are getting from GSA is closer to about $80 million, so $50 million would be the larger chunk.    Just to give you some context, for the amount of square feet that we are talking about for our new lease, that would be about $175 per square foot, fully loaded, for everything from walls and furniture to the cost to move the stuff. That compares to, let us see, GSA gave us three examples, NIH and NLRB both recently did moves that were $206 a square foot, so we are a little lower than that. Recently, the FTC, which is sort of a similar agency to us in terms of----    Mr. Wilkins . People, moved about half as many people, it wasn't their full staff, it was a part of their staff, about 900 people, total was $75 million over several fiscal years. They had some different issues going on, but again, we are talking about a similar amount of money for twice as many people. So I am not an expert in move costs, but from what GSA has told us, the numbers are pretty much in the range that they would typically do with a federal agency. The rest of the cost, so exactly as the chairman said, total is $84 million, take 51 away from that for the move, that leaves you with 33. We have got $4 million for the PSAP system and the broadband map, $8 million in inflation and $1 million for the IG. We could talk about any one of those, but those are kind of----    Mr. Wilkins. Those are what they are. We are left with $21 million of--we are left with $15 million if you take the PSAP and broadband map out. So those are, as Congresswoman Eshoo said, that is to buy the off-the-shelf IT infrastructure, instead of having--I mean we literally have 200 giant servers like you would see in a movie from 20 years ago, sitting in very expensive real estate over here on 12th Street.    Mr. Wilkins. I mean that is not how you do IT, certainly in the private sector, and you shouldn't in the public sector now either. So we have a--literally, a truck is going to show up to the FCC in a couple of weeks and take those suckers out to West Virginia. And that is the first step to going to a true cloud environment which, for storage and your basic servers, is just the way to do it. So that is what those costs are, and we will be glad to give staff follow-up on all of the specifics of those contracts.    Mr. Wilkins. Right. So we certainly would, if that was granted in '17, then we would have to, in fact, resubmit it and it would be reapproved by Congress, if it was approved. I get----    Mr. Wilkins. Well, I really think it is obviously Congress' decision, and it is just about this issue of fee-ness to the fee payers.    Mr. Wilkins. And to be clear, the money is the money. Right? In other words, those are people that we largely have today. We may be reallocating some of our current workforce to that on the margin, but those are costs that are right now being paid by our fee payers. Out Section 9 fees, they pay it.    Mr. Wilkins. That is not going to change a lot.    Mr. Wilkins. No.    Mr. Wilkins. No, IT, that is a mistake if that is what it says. It is just for the salary and expenses for the people who do USF work at the commission.    Mr. Wilkins. Out of our regular Section 9 regulatory fees.    Mr. Wilkins. Well----    Mr. Wilkins. Sure. I mean it certainly does strike us as a burden on our fee pays, and I would love to have the money, but that is sort of the--it is outside the FCC's control. That is certainly something for the Administration to work with Congress on what to do with those funds.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. So I can--so with regard to open Internet issues, my office--I am the budget--I am the green eyeshade guy, not the policy guy. I can tell you unequivocally we do not have a current plan to add more resources to say Wireline Competition Bureau or the General Counsel's Office. I mean this is certainly an important issue that will take staff work, but in terms of my staffing discussions with those office and bureau heads, it is not different than, I would say, the usual large important issues that those staff support. So there is no increase in this budget, for example, to support that activity.    Mr. Wilkins. Certainly. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. No. Our current budget assumes that the litigation support that we have in the General Counsel's Office, for example, will be able to handle that. Now, if the office chiefs change their minds on that, they would bring it to me, but right now that is our plan.    Mr. Wilkins. No.    Mr. Wilkins. Well----    Mr. Wilkins. Well, our bureaus and offices that deal with those sorts of issues, essentially, these are expert, experienced attorneys, or economists, or policy people, and this is their job. Any given year, we will have major litigation, we will have major issues, those offices are built to do that. And certainly----    Mr. Wilkins. Well, Congressman, from my office's perspective, I can assure you there is no incremental budget requests that are being driven to support that. We have people who do that. Certainly, the prioritization question----    Mr. Wilkins. No.    Mr. Wilkins. Certainly, the cost of the people to do that----    Mr. Wilkins . Will be----    Mr. Wilkins. We are doing a thorough review of actually every part of the commission, and certainly, the field is part of that review, yes.    Mr. Wilkins. No, it is as Mr. Collins from New York said, we have brought in some management experts to support our internal staff in doing that review.    Mr. Wilkins. We have been----    Mr. Wilkins. We do not have a final report yet. We have a final report quite soon actually that we would be glad to----    Mr. Wilkins. They have been sharing their analyses with us as we have been going along, and their final report is due, actually, next week.    Mr. Wilkins. They have made us good recommendations for how we can look at the people we have, the real estate costs we have, and deliver the mission better.    Mr. Wilkins. In the interim analysis they have done, they have shown some cost-based ideas that could be consistent with that, but there is not a final recommendation yet.    Mr. Wilkins. No.    Mr. Wilkins. Well----    Mr. Wilkins. The answer is as our '16 budget request does presume, or does project, that our staffing levels drop, we are going to look at every possible area we can to most efficiently effect that. The default is people retire or leave the commission and we just don't replace them. And we are certainly looking at other areas where we can do other sorts of workforce changes, and absolutely not just in the Enforcement Bureau field and all across the commission, and that was the chairman's instruction to me when our budget came in where it did.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. So our budget request, right, is for activities that will be taking more than the better part of a year in advance of when the budget is done.    Mr. Wilkins. So when you are talking about that kind of a future view, all you can do is say we will spend less money on categories such as FTEs. Then, as Congress considers that, we have to view our management plan and say, OK, how are we best going to make that happen. Will it be through changes at certain bureaus, will it be through other savings? This type of analysis is certainly part of that process, but it was not a preordained, that is how we are going to pay for X. We just have to do the management work to find out where we save the money.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. As we decide on what to do with those recommendations and other work we are doing, we absolutely will share it with----    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. We certainly will give you the final report. We want to make sure----    Mr. Wilkins . The interim reports are----    Mr. Wilkins. Well----    Mr. Wilkins . I think we wouldn't want to provide things that ultimately weren't what we relied on.    Mr. Wilkins. We----    Mr. Wilkins. Certainly, whatever, of course, things that you request we will provide.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Right. So I don't have the specifics on the year you mentioned. We will be glad to provide----    Mr. Wilkins . Anything additional. The general process is, obviously----    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. Obviously, Congress sets our cap of revenues we are allowed to use, and then there is sort of a separate process we have to do with OMB----    Mr. Wilkins . Around retaining some certain amount of auction revenue so that they can then give us those funds as Congress sets the cap. So just for example, so right now, I believe we have a little bit less than 3 years worth of current auctions program in our auctions account at the Treasury. So we are sort of funded through at least the next 2 fiscal years and into the next, and then certainly this question of what is retained for future FCC use from the AWS-3 auction will be part of that discussion with OMB too.    Mr. Wilkins. Well, OMB will keep the funds in an account, so the funds--so the money is there.    Mr. Wilkins. We certainly only can use what Congress sets our cap for, or if we have approval to reprogram funds or if funds can be on a know your basis moved from one to the----    Mr. Wilkins. Yes. Our ability to spend the money is just set by the Congressional appropriation process.    Mr. Wilkins. The question is the money there is OMB.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes, we----    Mr. Wilkins. Right. Yes, we can't go above our cap unless we got appropriator approval to do that through a reprogramming or something.    Mr. Wilkins. Yes, to 117, yes.    Mr. Wilkins. Well, certainly our experts in our auctions program work with all the different government entities involved in spectrum planning and certainly we want to be in the business of making spectrum available for use, so we will participate in that. And of course, the question of what level of auctions is set aside so it funds our program, from a management standpoint we try to make sure OMB thinks at least a few years ahead so we don't run out of money----    Mr. Wilkins . And of course, OMB wants to make sure the money is used more broadly too, so that is just part of the ongoing dialogue.    Mr. Wilkins. Sure.