    Mr. Scott. Thank you.    Mr. Secretary, what is wrong with the free market just taking place and people being able to get what it can out of transactions?    Mr. Scott. If you had the free market, would there be any limit to what an unscrupulous adviser could get out of a client, even if they might agree to it?    Mr. Scott. When we are talking about pension funds, this rule only affects pension funds, is that right?    Mr. Scott. Tax-advantaged accounts.    Mr. Scott. We made these tax-advantaged for a reason. Is there any reason that they should be treated more preciously than other funds that an investor may have?    Mr. Scott. We have heard about this industry being highly regulated. Did I understand you to say that if an investment adviser knows that another product may not be as good, but he can make more money on the other product, that he can sell that product to the client knowing that he is going to make more and the client's going to make less?    Mr. Scott. So if you are selling essentially an S&P 500 fund and you know that the client could get it at a much lower price, there is nothing wrong in the present system in selling the mutual fund that pays the broker more money right out of the client's pocket.    Mr. Scott. S&P 500 fund, all of them are going to do essentially the same.    Mr. Scott. Now, how would a client know that they are getting ripped off like this without the rule?    Mr. Scott. And that is why the client went to the adviser in the first place to try to get some good advice.    Mr. Scott. What level of sophistication are we talking about? People coming to an adviser looking for the right advice, how vulnerable are many of the people to getting ripped off?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Scott. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mason, you mentioned the $4,000 fund and said a 1 percent fee would be insufficient to make it worth your while to give advice. How much money would you have to get out of that fund to make it worth your while?    Mr. Scott. But basically--    Mr. Scott. Basically, the $4,000 fund amount would be problematic whatever you are doing.    Mr. Scott. Now, under the rule, if you are doing just a transaction, are you covered by the best interest?    Mr. Scott. Okay.    Mr. Kelleher, if you are doing a single transaction and somebody comes to you for the transaction, are you subject to the best interest under this rule?    Mr. Scott. On a single transaction?    Mr. Scott. On a single transaction?    Mr. Scott. Okay. But if you just ordered the mutual fund, you wouldn't be subject to it, right?    Mr. Scott. You are giving advice.    Mr. Scott. Okay.    Mr. Scott. Okay. Now, Chairman Roe mentioned an investor who was very satisfied because the size of their investment went up over the years. He didn't say how the investment measured compared to an S&P 500 fund. If you can evaluate advice over the years, what should you compare it to?    Mr. Scott. And let me ask Mr. Haley a question. As I understand your testimony, you are comfortable with the best-interest rule, you just want it administered in a way that can be easily administered. Is that right?    Mr. Scott. And can you help write the language where the best-interest standard is used, but it does not have the complications that you see in the present rules?    Mr. Scott. I yield back.