    Mr. McGovern. Thank you, and thank you all for your testimony. Let me begin by saying everybody is reading from the same sheet of music here, but nobody here is in favor of mandatory GMO labeling, am I correct? If we are going to have a thoughtful discussion on this, we ought to have more of a diversity of opinion at a hearing like this because it is important to hear all sides of the subject.    But let me begin by saying that I am a believer in science. I rely on the scientists to give me informed information. That is why I believe in climate change as well. That is a subject for another hearing. But the point of the matter is that there is great value in our sciences. So I am not here to demonize GMOs or the technology behind them. I don't think anybody should be fear-mongering about GMOs. I don't think anybody should be threatening anybody who wants to produce GMO crops or whatever. We ought to be able to have a more kind of a measured conversation on this.    But I do believe in transparency, and I do believe people ought to have a right to know what they want to know. The consumers ought to have the right to know what they are eating and what they are feeding their kids, and how they use that information in their food choices is up to them, not up to us, but up to them. There is great confusion with the labeling system now. I mean, I saw a poll from Consumer Union that found 60 percent of consumers believe that products that say natural means non-GMO when in fact that is not the case. More consumers think natural means non-GMO than think organic means non-GMO.    The current system, and even kind of a voluntary system is lacking. We were told that changing labels will cost food companies. Food companies change their labels all the time. It is a false argument to say that labeling requirements will drive up the cost of food. I do believe there ought to be a national standard because I do understand the patchwork of various state initiatives is not in anybody's interest.    In response to the idea that if a product said, ``contains GMOs'' or whatever the label would be, that somehow that would discourage people from buying those products, you have 64 country around the world already require labeling of GMO foods. Brazil, a country whose consumption patterns are similar to those in the United States, has required GMO labeling since 2001. And from what I can tell, there has been no significant change in consumption patterns.    But let me just raise one point here. I am deeply troubled by Friday's announcement from the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer, that glyphosate, the herbicide most commonly used on GMO crops, is a probable human carcinogen. Now, IARC is made up of some of the most renowned scientists in the world, and if they are saying that glyphosate is a likely cause of cancer, I mean, that may be something that people want to know.    So I guess my question is, because GMO corn and soybeans, for example, are designed to withstand glyphosate, the use of that herbicide has grown dramatically in recent decades, and given Friday's announcement, I mean, don't you think people should have the right to know how their food is grown and make their own decisions? Anybody wants to----    Mr. McGovern. Does anyone want to talk about the glyphosate finding? I mean that is a legitimate scientific organization.    Mr. McGovern. Probable.    Mr. McGovern. But I guess the point is, shouldn't consumers have a right to be able to know that? I mean, that is the----