    Mr. Rokita. I thank the chairman. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. I want to continue on this line of questioning regarding your rules, but a different rule, supplement versus supplant. You recall that under the old SNS rules, supplement not supplant rules, that we differentiate between targeted schools and school-wide schools, and targeted schools have 3 specific tests and for schools that were less than 40 percent low income, correct? And the school-wide group was for schools that were more than 40 percent of kids--yeah, more than 40 percent schools.    And you acknowledge, don't you, that under ESSA, the Every Student Succeeds Act, that the methodology for distributing State and local funds to schools is just to be fair and equitable without regard to receipt of Title I funds? So we got rid of the targeted test in ESSA and had the school-wide test for all of SNS.    Mr. Rokita. Right, but it is the school-wide test now applied for all SNS. Your rule has a methodology applied to it that calls for Title I schools to receive at least as much input in per pupil funding as the average amount of per pupil funding received by the districts non-Title I schools.    So we specifically put prohibition in the new law that says you are not to apply methodology, yet you do. So how are you not in conflict, directly in conflict, with our legislative intent, similar to what Mr. Byrne was pointing out?    Mr. Rokita. Does that mean that--    Mr. Rokita. They are negotiating rulemaking and you do realize that you are in direct conflict with--    Mr. Rokita. Do you agree that the only requirement we have in the Every Student Succeeds Act regarding the methodology and distribution of SNS funds is that the fair and equitable and agnostic as to a school's Title I status, that was the intent? I was in a conference committee and I helped write this law. That was our legislative intent.    Mr. Rokita. I am not talking about history, I am talking about this new law.    Mr. Rokita. The methodology around that, the only requirement is that we have to be agnostic as to a school's Title I status and otherwise be fair and equitable.    Mr. Rokita. Correct.    Secretary King.--in a way that supplements rather than supplants local and State obligations.    Mr. Rokita. But you understand that you are defining what ``supplement'' means, though, through the methodology that it be fair and equitable. That would take in the school-wide test and applying it to all of SNS. And in doing that, the only requirement is that a district's method for allocating State and local funds be agnostic as to the school's Title I status, agreed?    Mr. Rokita. It seems like the Department and you, sir, are maybe using some comparability attempts to backdoor SNS, I mean--    Mr. Rokita. I do not think so. I think the CRS document--are you familiar with Congressional Research Service's document? On that it explains how your supplement not supplant proposal is really a backdoor proposal to amend the statute's comparability provision, and they walk through legislative history of that provision during Congress deliberations on what became ESSA. And they said a relevant part, ``ESSA did not alter the existing statutory language and prohibits the use of staff salary differentials when determining expenditures per pupil from State and local funds. Nevertheless, the proposed regulations appear to effectively require LEAs to use actual teacher salaries for SNS purposes despite the fact that ESSA did not address it in this manner.'' And I have to yield back.    Mr. Rokita. Thank you for that. I realize by the look in some of the witnesses' faces that I probably should introduce myself. I am Todd Rokita, chairman of what we colloquially call the kindergarten to 12th grade subcommittee on education, so welcome to each of you.    Ms. Hall, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rokita. Thank you, Ms. Hall. Mr. Schuler--excuse me, Dr. Schuler, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rokita. Thank you, Dr. Schuler. I would like to start with you, recognizing myself for 5 minutes. You are hitting on your last comments there on something that I was trying to get out of Dr. King, but I myself ran out of time in the questioning, and that is using SNS as a backdoor to comparability to come in. You mentioned that just now in your testimony, Can you go into some more detail there about your concerns? Because you remember that in the Every Student Succeeds Act, we specifically said our comparability formulas or intentions were not changing from the old law to the new law, yet they want to change comparability it seems.    Mr. Rokita. Mm-hmm.    Mr. Rokita. Forced transfers because isn't it true that the most significant part of any school budget is personnel cost?    Mr. Rokita. So if you are going to balance that through comparability, then you are transferring teachers from one school to the other?    Mr. Rokita. Why not?    Mr. Rokita. Mm-hmm.    Mr. Rokita. Right, or hurting the Title I students that are supposed to be helped by all this.    Mr. Rokita. So your testimony is that the Department's proposal here is actually going to--it has a strong potential of hurting low-income students that Title I is supposed to help?    Mr. Rokita. Yeah. Ms. Harrelson, thank you for your testimony as well. Ms. Hall talks about the ability to have summative indications as well as the retrieval of rich data as well. You were sort of negative on the summative aspect of the data collection. Can you go into more detail there? Because I agree with you.    Mr. Rokita. Yes, and use your microphone, please.    Mr. Rokita. Could you give examples?    Mr. Rokita. Yeah.    Mr. Rokita. Do you want to comment on that panel at all in terms of accountability systems or supplement versus supplant or anything else you observed?    Mr. Rokita. ``Ours'' being who?    Mr. Rokita. Thank you and final question. Do you have any reason to believe that Dr. King or the Federal Department of Education know you or your kids better than you do?    Mr. Rokita. Mr. Scott, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rokita. I thank the gentlemen. The gentleman's time has expired. Dr. Foxx, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rokita. I thank the gentlelady and associate with her remarks. Ms. Bonamici, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rokita. Mr. Guthrie is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rokita. I thank the gentleman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Allen, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rokita. The gentleman's time is expired. The gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rokita. The time is expired. Mr. Scott, you are recognized for a closing.    Mr. Rokita. I thank the gentleman. I thank him for the letter and spirit of his comments. We both sat at the final negotiating table and the fact of the matter is the law is the law and I was very clear on supplement and supplant. And from the testimony even yet today, as we have heard for several years now, to do so otherwise than what is in the current law is to have a high likelihood of hurting those very kids that we are supposed to be helping.    So with that, I want to thank each one of you for your leadership, both locally and nationally. I am inspired and I am motivated as well as the members here are by the words we have heard today from each of you and the leadership that you provide.    We do hope and expect that leadership will continue because it is going to be needed now in the implementation as well as the oversight phases of what is a very promising law, as Dr. Roe said during the first panel, that is actually inspiring teachers at the local level to continue teaching and maybe even come back to the profession, and what a great sign that is and will continue to be.    I agree also with Mr. Scott about the need to engage stakeholders as you said. Dr. Pruitt and I think you all mentioned the comment period is live. The deadline is August 1st.    For those of you at the witness table who are represented by associations, those associations will definitely be making comments for sure, but that does not prohibit any of you as individuals or your counterparts or peers as individuals from making comments as well.    Ms. Hall is also correct that we have all heard how often Dr. King just today used the word ``feedback'' and we should make sure there is no excuse on the table for him, for us, or for anybody in this process to not have that feedback. Ad so again, August 1st being the deadline, the time is now. And as you are all leaders, I hope you and your counterparts and peers will all step up.    With that, seeing no further business before the committee, this committee stands adjourned.        