    Mr. Livingston. Good morning, and thank you.    PG&E is one of the nation's largest combined electric and natural gas utilities, with more than 22,000 employees serving 16 million Californians. We are also the owner and operator of America's largest investor-owned hydro system. With 26 FERC licenses, we are regularly in the process of relicensing, and in fact, today, we have seven projects in one phase or another of relicensing.    Our system generates 3,900 megawatts of safe, clean, reliable, and affordable power for millions of Californians. It has been crucial in integrating other renewable energy sources. In addition, it provides water supply, recreation, flood control, taxes, and other benefits. Hydropower is an invaluable resource. It is one that our country can and should do more to capitalize on.    We appreciate all the efforts done to date by past Congresses to advance hydroelectric generation. We believe this Congress has taken a very important step with the release of the discussion draft on hydropower regulatory modernization, and by holding today's hearing.    PG&E believes it is critical for hydroelectric power generators to be able to move through the relicensing processes more efficiently, more affordably, so we can implement the environmental protections, community improvements, and facility upgrades more quickly than we can today.    We believe the discussion draft accomplishes this fairly and effectively, while maintaining important environmental protections and community interests. In particular, it does this by clarifying FERC's exclusive authority to balance beneficial uses, and to enforce, amend, or otherwise administer all aspects of a FERC license. It improves the licensing process by allowing FERC to establish standards and deadlines for federal authorizations, it clarifies the scope of federal agencies' authority under Sections 4(e) and 18 of the Federal Power Act, and required those agencies to explain the effects of their conditions or prescription on other recognized benefits, such as energy production, flood control, and water supply. And it allows the licensee to seek a review of federal authorization or delay an issuance in the Federal Court of Appeals.    We believe the commonsense and basic reforms can make hydropower more efficient, while keeping in place the environmental protections and other benefits that we all agree are critical.    PG&E places a priority on using collaborative process to relicense a facility, as both understanding and incorporating the interests of stakeholders is critical. However, as it stands today, the current process is complex, protracted, leading to higher costs and delayed implementation of improvements and upgrades. To put this into perspective, PG&E's recent experiences, even for a medium-sized license, it consistently takes over 7 years to renew an existing license for an existing facility, and often well over 10 years. The cost just to complete the process for the continued operation of a facility can run over $50 million, and implementing the requirements of the new license can run into $100 million. All of these are costs that are ultimately born by the energy consumer.    Relicensing process involves numerous federal and state agencies, and stakeholders with interests that may not always align. Therefore, we believe the process should be improved to focus on the following. Ensure environmental protections and preserve hydropower, achieve the multiple benefits of relicensing sooner, reduce cost, improve predictability, and enhance the collaborative process to be results and solution-oriented, and avoid conflicting license conditions.    We would recommend a number of very specific improvements to address these license--these licensing matters, including improving coordination between federal and state environmental reviews, including an enforced discipline schedule for all parties involved, better defining the extent of authorities by federal agencies, improving federal and state agency coordination and transparency, and finally, by establishing a process for a single challenge opportunity before FERC to resolve issues or conflicting license restrictions. For example, in California, we are working to help our State Water Board environmental review follow a parallel path with the federal reviews, including relying on the same data and studies. To date, even though our State Water Board participates in relicensing, this process has generally been sequential and separate, at times resulting in conflicting license conditions. Today, it is up to the licensee to try and resolve those. As such, conditions have sometimes extended to private lands where there is no clear nexus to the project.    The discussion draft being debated here would accomplish many of these objectives. Given the focus of this committee on crafting and advancing energy policy for the 21st century, you and your colleagues have an important opportunity to bring meaningful change to the hydropower relicensing process, and to assure that it is consistent with needs and opportunities today and many years ahead.    PG&E looks forward to working with you.    Mr. Livingston. Well, for us it is relicensing. I think as we look at our portfolio, we are going through a significant period of relicensing and are regularly involved in it. The licensing is a critical issue for development of the new resources on, for instance, non-power dams----    Mr. Livingston . And for the licensing potential for pump storage development to help integrate other----    Mr. Livingston. That is about license implementation costs. So not only do you have the cost to get the new license, then you have to comply with all the new terms.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, it is the same.    Mr. Livingston. Well, I think just our most recent work is on our Desalba-Centerville Project. It is a 26 megawatt project. Lots of important resource issues there to work through. That process is currently in its eleventh year. We are well over $26 million, well over $1 million per megawatt, to go into relicensing. And we are--just got a water quality certificate--a proposed water quality certificate that has competing license conditions with everything that we have been talking about for the previous 11 years. And we are going to have to work to--now to resolve those before a final license can be----    Mr. Livingston. It is combined. The State Water Board is working under the Clean Water Act.    Mr. Livingston. The concept that I think many of us are trying to work through is how we can make the same set of studies, the same----    Mr. Livingston . Time frame, and the same process all come together at the end so----    Mr. Livingston. It started its relicensing 11 years ago.    Mr. Livingston. It is still not resolved.    Mr. Livingston. I think each of the agencies, they have very dedicated folks and they are doing their best, but in a lot of cases, what we are looking at is agencies that have single or a few resource focus. Right? So if you are working in the water area or around land, or in other issues on fish, the same thing with some of the other stakeholders in this who might be interested in recreation or fishing, and it is really all of that coming together. What one agency versus another one would do as far as a prescription is--might interfere with what--another one. So the real point is trying to come together in a way that there is a decision-maker, there is one set of decisions. So it is not one particular agency, it is when we have sequential decision-making going on and having an agency that can balance all the beneficial uses, and right now the only federal agency in the hydrospace that has that in statute is FERC.    Mr. Livingston. Sure. I think, particularly since we are in the fourth year of drought, and with the Governor making sure that we are taking decisive action on that. There is a lot of focus on trying to deal with the issues associated with water supply in the state, and many of the same folks and many of the same agencies are devoting their focus, rightly so, to that, and that does recently have an impact on----    Mr. Livingston . Agency timing and so on.    Mr. Livingston. I don't think anyone disputes the rights of a federal agency to prescribe what happens on its land. I think part of the question goes how far does that authority go? Should it apply to neighboring lands, should it apply to private lands, should it apply to lands that are far away and have no clear nexus? So I think it is really getting down to having Congress define the extent of where that authority goes and how it is used, rather than any recognition that they don't have the right to prescribe how somebody who is a guest on their land should treat the land. And I think we all agree with that. It is just----    Mr. Livingston . A matter of extent and where.