    Mr. Wilshusen. Chairman Hurd, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify at today's hearing.    As you know, Federal agencies and their contractors depend on interconnected networks and computer systems to carry out mission-related functions. The security of these networks and systems is vital to maintaining public confidence and preserving our Nation's security, prosperity, and well-being.    Safeguarding Federal computer systems and information, however, is a continuing concern. The number of information security incidents, both cyber and non-cyber, reported by Federal agencies continues to rise, increasing from about 5,500 in fiscal year 2006 to over 67,000 in fiscal year 2014. Similarly, the number of incidents involving personal information more than doubled in recent years, to over 27,600 in 2014.    As discussed with your staff, my testimony today will describe cyber threats affecting Federal and contractor systems, and the challenges in securing them.    Before I begin, Mr. Chairman, if I may, I would like to recognize my esteemed colleagues who were instrumental in developing my written statement. With me today is Larry Crossland, an Assistant Director of Information Security, who led this issue. In addition, Rosanna Guerrero, Lee McCracken, Fatima Jahan, Chris Bazinsky, and Bill Cook, who are all back at the office, also made significant contributions.    Mr. Chairman, the Federal Government and its contractors face an evolving array of cyber threats. These threats can be intentional or unintentional. Unintentional threats can be caused by defective computer equipment, careless or poorly trained employees, or natural disasters that inadvertently disrupt systems.    Intentional threats can be both targeted and untargeted attacks from a variety of sources, including criminal groups, hackers, disgruntled insiders, nations, and terrorists. These sources vary in terms of their capabilities, willingness to act, and motives, which can include seeking monetary gain or pursing an economic, political, or military advantage. In particular, adversaries possessing sophisticated levels of expertise and abundant resources, sometimes referred to as advanced persistent threats, pose increasing risks.    Cyber adversaries have a variety of tools and techniques to perpetuate and perpetrate attacks. These include malicious software, social engineering, phishing, denial of service, zero day exploits, and, in sophisticated attacks, may use a combination of these and other techniques.    The number of cyber attacks vastly increases the reach and impact due to the fact that attackers do not need to be physically close to the victims and can more easily remain anonymous. The risks posed by cyber attacks is heightened by the vulnerabilities in Federal networks and systems.    Specifically, weaknesses in security controls continue to threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the systems supporting Federal operations. Most major Federal agencies have deficient information security. For fiscal year 2014, 19 of the 24 major agencies reported inadequate information system controls for financial reporting purposes, and inspectors general at 23 of these agencies cited it as a major management challenge.    Federal agencies face several challenges in protecting their systems. These include designing and implementing risk-based information security systems and programs, addressing cybersecurity for building and access control systems, enhancing oversight of contractors providing IT services, improving security incident response activities, responding to breaches of personally identifiable information, and implementing security privacy programs at small agencies.    Underscoring the importance of these matters, we once again designated Federal information security as a government-wide, high-risk area in this year's update to the high-risk report, a designation that has remained in place since 1997. This year we also expanded the area to include protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information.    Until Federal agencies successfully address these challenges, including implementing the hundreds of outstanding recommendations made by GAO and agencies' inspectors general, Federal systems and information will remain at increased and unnecessary risk of unauthorized disclosure, modification, and loss.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the committee, this concludes my statement. I would be happy to answer your questions.    Mr. Wilshusen. Yes, I would say that is probably reasonable to say 15 percent in fiscal year 2014. The numbers I have on incidents that were reported by Federal agencies to the US-CERT showed about a 10 percent increase.    Mr. Wilshusen. That is up, yes, for fiscal year 2014 over fiscal year 2013.    Mr. Wilshusen. Right. I would say over the last nine years or so it has increased over 1,100 percent. It is basically like a stairway, if you will.    Mr. Wilshusen. Going up and up. And I think there are several reasons for that, one of which might be just agencies are better in terms of detecting and reporting incidents. But I think it also reflects that there is a very active threat environment that is growing, as well as the continued vulnerabilities of Federal systems.    Mr. Wilshusen. Well, clearly, it is one of the underlying causes, to make sure that the Federal Government and Federal agencies have technically competent individuals that help to secure their systems. We did a report a couple years ago to talk to human capital cybersecurity challenges within the Federal Government. What many agencies indicated to us, at least the ones we reviewed, stated that identifying those individuals and retaining them that had the technical security competencies is one of their biggest challenges. They are able to fill many of the other information security type of activities and positions, but those that had the technical capabilities has been a challenge because they are competing against a number of different organizations outside of Government, and those individuals are in somewhat short supply.    Mr. Wilshusen. We issued a report last year that addressed this very same issue in terms of overseeing the security controls implemented by contractors of Federal agencies, and we noted that many of the agencies did not have adequate policies and procedures documented in order to provide that level of oversight that was needed and, consequently, particularly with respect of independently assessing the effectiveness of the security controls that are implemented by those contractors, so we made a number of recommendations to agencies that we reviewed to take such actions.    Mr. Wilshusen. They generally agreed with our recommendations, and that is something that we do follow up on.    Mr. Wilshusen. Yes, we do.    Mr. Wilshusen. We would certainly report on that because, indeed, encryption is one of those key controls to help protect the confidentiality and even the integrity of sensitive information. What we often find, too, is even when agencies may encrypt certain data like credentials and user IDs and that, they may use a lesser form or less secure form of encryption that can still be broken. Even though the information may be encrypted, the algorisms are such that they can be readily broken by competent individuals with the techniques and technologies to do that, so we also make recommendations for agencies to implement encryption in accordance with the current NIST standards.    Mr. Wilshusen. It is another factor; first, having encryption, and then making sure it is strong.    Mr. Wilshusen. Well, it is maybe true with regard to like private sector companies. Unless they are regulated and are required to use encryption, like perhaps certain banks might be required to if they are regulated, but other companies, it would be generally up to their own determination whether or not and their business risk if they deem it appropriate. But they run the risk, as some of the recent incidents have shown, of having sensitive information being compromised and placed at risk.    Mr. Wilshusen. I think Congress has a role in considering those issues and making the determination on whether that is in the best interest given all the potential implications of that. Certainly, it is your prerogative to make that determination and to consider it. Encrypting sensitive data is a basic fundamental security control, and I would certainly recommend that most companies use it to the extent that they have sensitive information that needs protection.    Mr. Wilshusen. I think there are several challenges. One is, of course, just making sure that contractors and the Federal agencies clearly delineate the roles and responsibilities of each party, one, with respect to implementing security, but also, two, with respect to detecting and reporting on incidents that may occur.    Another challenge is just making sure that the security requirements that contractors are required to follow are in fact clearly communicated. One of the things that is important to know is that the contractors have full knowledge of what the type of security controls they are to implement to protect Federal information, and then, secondly, is to assure that Federal agencies have some assurance that the contractors are effectively implementing those security requirements either through an independent assessment or some sort of assessment that the agency does, because the agency is still responsible for the security of its information even though it may be operated or maintained by a third party.    Mr. Wilshusen. You mean with respect to cybersecurity controls?    Mr. Wilshusen. There are several standard-setting organizations that do create standards for information security. One is ISO, International Standards Organization, I believe, or International Organization for Standards. In addition, of course, within the Federal Government, NIST, the National Institutes of Standards and Technology, out of the Department of Commerce, implements or develops and promulgates information security standards, information processing standards for the Federal Government, as well as guidelines that agencies should be following.    Just recently, NIST developed a cybersecurity framework for improving cybersecurity within the critical infrastructure, and this framework identifies a number of different standards or sets of standards that are available to private sector owners and operators of critical infrastructure that they can use to secure their systems.    Mr. Wilshusen. Well, I think with regard to the NIST standards and guidelines that it publishes, it often has a public announcement period and it is coordinated with some of the other standards organizations, so there is, I believe, cross-pollination, if you will, among the different standards at some level.    Mr. Wilshusen. Well, we issued a report last September on the security and privacy of the Healthcare.gov Federal facilitated marketplace and we identified a number of vulnerabilities within that particular system or module of that system. We presently have work ongoing looking at both the security and privacy of some of the State-based health insurance marketplaces, as well as looking at the incidents that have been identified for Healthcare.gov by CMS.    Mr. Wilshusen. We are still in the process of trying to obtain and collect the information from CMS and review it. We just recently received a listing of the incidents that they have identified and reported to us, and we are in the process of analyzing that. We will be issuing a report later this year.    Mr. Wilshusen. Yes, sir. That work with FITARA was actually done by another director, but one thing I would like to comment on as far as a corollary, we are beginning to start an engagement that will be looking at the role of CISOs, Chief Information Security Officers, and their authorities, which, while of course not necessarily pertaining to FITARA in the role of the CIO, has some other interesting aspects to just what extent that the CISOs have authorities throughout their organizations and across the Federal Government.