    Mr. Garrett. Thank you. And I won't use the whole time.    I thank the panel. We have been following some of your testimony back in the office. So just to play off of your points, I guess I will throw it out to Mr. Kelley, and I know it is in some sense putting you on the spot as trying to be the actuary in the room. And what do they say about actuaries? Those are the people who found being a CPA was just too exciting? Something like that.    So, in any event, the question that you posited is what? If you did it what a 1 percent, 99 percent, what would the situation look like, and your answer was that you couldn't exactly say for sure. But I am guessing that if you did it that way, that for the 99 percent--and anybody else can chime in on this--it would be a more favorable rating structure for them than it is right now, right?    So, in New Jersey, if I am in, I am not, but if I am in that 99 percent right now after the last go-around with the maps and what have you, I am seeing my rates go so high that I am having to sell my place, is what--not me, but the people back in Jersey are finding that. If you went to this 1 to 99 situation, theoretically my premiums might be more reasonable. Do you want to--    Mr.  Garrett. Mr. Birnbaum, too.    Mr.  Garrett. Is that true or not?    Mr.  Garrett. Right.    Mr.  Garrett. Good point.    Mr.  Garrett. So--    Mr.  Garrett. That gets to the second point of the question. Because I get that, but then perhaps some of those people are living in areas that maybe are just not a risky or an overly risky place to be. And that has to be taken into consideration as well.    Does anyone think that there would be a difference if you go to that direction, either 100 percent or 1 to 99 percent, as far as the mitigation? And I heard some of the talk before as the necessity for mitigation, would there be a change in the mitigation processes on the private sector versus the public way that we do it right now?    Mr.  Garrett. For the better?    Mr.  Garrett. Okay.    Mr.  Garrett. Okay.    Mr.  Garrett. With that, I am going to yield back. I see I am over time.    Mr.  Garrett. Oh, sure.    Mr.  Garrett. I thank the Chair.