    Mr. Burgess. I thank the chairman for yielding. And, Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding the hearing today.    In fiscal year 2014, the estimated Federal investment in seasonal flu preparedness exceeded $850 million. The public-private partnership driving research and development has had successes, but we must do better.    First, communication between agencies and with the public must improve. If there is a mismatch in the vaccine, which became apparent in May or even as late as September, it is unacceptable that advisories were not issued until December. Second, there must be transparency and consistency in the regulatory pathways for innovation in vaccines. Experts have recognized the promise of adjuvanted flu vaccines for over a decade, yet not one is licensed in the United States, and no guidance has been issued. Third, greater emphasis must be placed on modernizing the development and manufacture of flu vaccines. I would add my acknowledgement to the ranking member of the subcommittee, I too at one time was promised a universal flu vaccine, I think in this committee at a hearing just like this. That was probably in 2004 or 2005. We are still waiting. We want to see it.    So I appreciate the opportunity to be able to speak on this. I look forward to hearing from our witnesses.    And I will yield the balance of the time to Mrs. Blackburn, Vice Chair of the full committee.    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Dr. Schuchat, let me just pick up for a moment on what you were discussing with the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. McKinley. Now, you had a drifted strain that kind of appeared on the scene. The Southern Hemisphere designation is out of phase with what the vaccine release in the Northern Hemisphere, correct? So you had identified the drifted strain when the recommendation was made for the inclusion in the vaccine that was released in the Southern Hemisphere, is that correct?    Mr. Burgess. So why not then come forward with a recommendation for a booster shot or some additional protection for people in the Northern Hemisphere if we already were developing a different vaccine based on a drifted strain for the Southern Hemisphere? Your neighbors to the north might have been interested in that, don't you think?    Mr. Burgess. We would like you to react with a little bit more clarity and be flexible when so many lives are on the line, as Mr. McKinley outlined. And I mean, look, we are dealing with a, what, a 40 percent uptake of the vaccine as it is. If people read the headlines and say only 1 in 5 are protected anyway, I would just as soon not get stuck.    Mr. Burgess. So I would think you, as an agency, you would want to have that flexibility and want to show utility for people that we are on top of this, we are working on this 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 12 months out of the year. We are monitoring your health and your safety when it comes to the flu virus, and we can't be perfect every time, but when we are not, we are going to be there to help you stave off the effects. I mean, again, that is what I am hearing as a result of this hearing. And as Dr. Fauci acknowledged, we have had these hearings before. We had a hearing when we only had a trivalent vaccine, and we talked about a quadrivalent vaccine. I mean these things, they are important, people do pay attention to them. Our vaccine rates for influenza are lower than they should be for the country.    Mr. Burgess. I have gotten my flu shot every year except 2004 when it was politically inadvisable for a Member of Congress to receive a flu shot because there was a shortage----    Mr. Burgess . Because of the serratia contamination that occurred in one of the manufacturing labs. Separate story, but every other year I step up and get the vaccine because I meet a lot of people every day, I ride on an airplane twice a week, this is just a commonsense reaction to what is an inevitability on the ground.    I want to shift gears for just a moment, and I do feel obligated to talk about the measles issue because it has achieved so much in the way of headlines, and I am going to breach--I am going to violate HIPAA, and I just want to tell HHS that I am going to violate HIPAA. I am going to release sensitive clinical information about myself. So I never had the measles vaccine. I didn't have it because I was too old. I mean I was--well, when I was a child in the '50's, it hadn't--it wasn't there, it wasn't available. I don't remember every scraped knee, every sniffle from my childhood, but I remember the measles.    Mr. Burgess. It was bad. I mean you can see--and I see in Harrison's here online, hard, shaking chills. I mean that--it--yes, hard, shaking chills doesn't even begin to describe it. The chills are so hard they are painful. You want to cover up, you want to pull a blanket around yourself, but you don't want anything touching your skin. That is measles. I mean it is a different disease. And we had forgotten about it, quite frankly, because, you know, you just never see it, and now we are faced with the prospect that we are seeing it. It is important for parents to have their children vaccinated.    Mr. Burgess. There are things that can happen to you as a consequence of having had the measles. I remember in medical school learning about subacute sclerosing panencephalitis, and I remember asking at the time why do I have to learn about this, no one is going to get it anymore. But, in fact, people may get it because it is a consequence of having had an infection with measles. So these issues are important.    Now, if I recall correctly, and suddenly somehow this is interjected into presidential politics, which is inappropriate because, if I recall correctly, since President Gerald Ford, there has not been a Federal mandate for any vaccination. And I will ask that question generally to the panel, Dr. Fauci, am I correct on that?    Voice. Microphone.    Mr. Burgess. Correct. So these are State-mandated vaccines that people have to take before attending public schools, and there is a reason for that. It should be a State mandate. There is no one asking for a Federal mandate. It doesn't mean that the vaccination is not important. And for people who are listening and paying attention today, please have your children vaccinated.    Thanks, Mr. Chairman. I will yield back.