    Mr. Brady. Thank you, Chairman Walberg, Ranking Member Wilson, members of the Committee. On behalf of the 140,000 members of the National Association of Home Builders, I appreciate the opportunity to testify here today.    OSHA's new silica rule is the most significant health and safety standard ever issued for the construction industry. Throughout the rulemaking process, NAHB sought to engage with OSHA to create a workable rule which protects our workers. Unfortunately, OSHA failed to address many of the industry concerns, and the final rule reflects a fundamental lack of understanding of construction and is technologically and economically infeasible.    We strongly urge OSHA to revisit the rule and work with us to create a new rule that protects workers while also balancing the technological and economic challenges in the residential construction sector. Absent that, Congress must move swiftly to stop this flawed rule.    OSHA's new silica standard requires a staggering 80 percent reduction in the permissible exposure limit, or PEL, for the construction industry. To achieve this dramatically lower PEL, OSHA has concocted an aggressive compliance regime of engineering and work practice controls that in many cases cannot be applied in residential construction.    If this rule goes into effect, we will have two options to comply. The first option is to measure the amount of silica a worker is exposed to. This is incredibly challenging to do in the field where multiple workers may be performing multiple tasks and where many environmental factors play a significant role.    Employers would need to track individual employees and would be required to pay for the worker to receive a thorough medical checkup, even though the medical checkup and the results will not tell what tasks or even on which jobsite might, and I emphasize ``might'' be contributing to the potential health problems.    The second option is for employers to follow the engineering and work practice control requirements in Table 1. Unfortunately, these requirements are often impractical and at times impossible to implement in the field.    For example, Table 1 relies heavily on wet cutting methods. That seems simple, but, frankly, we might not even have water service to the jobsite for weeks or possibly months after the job starts. Wet cutting is also impractical indoors, adding water to an indoor environment, and during the winter months, can unrealistically or could potentially create even greater hazards outdoors.    It is also important to consider the economic impact of this rule on the construction industry. OSHA estimates that the total costs of the final rule are just over $1 billion annually. This estimate drastically underestimates the impact this rule will have on our industry.    An independent analysis of the rule, which NAHB helped fund, estimated the true cost at nearly $5 billion. Residential construction's share of this cost means nearly 25 percent of the profits for the industry would be consumed by this single rule.    You might have a notion that homebuilders have high profit margins. The reality is the typical margin is around 6.4 percent. I raise this point because OSHA's guidelines for justifying a new rule is the cost should be no more than 10 percent of the industry's profits. They missed the mark here.    To see how far they are off, let's look quickly at the health screening I mentioned earlier. OSHA estimates the screening will run at least $377 per test, each. There are 3.2 million construction workers. If each construction employee required one screening per year, that cost alone would be roughly $1.2 billion a year.    OSHA also severely underestimated other compliance costs. Most of our members at NAHB are small firms, family businesses, and do not have the expertise to comply with some of the requirements of the rule. Many will need to contract for the services of recordkeeping. OSHA's economic analysis identifies just over 477,000 affected businesses in the construction industry. If you assume a minimal cost of routine bookkeeping services at $200 a month, it would work out to $1.1 billion per year just for the recordkeeping compliance.    We feel that OSHA simply failed to account for the true costs of these expenses in their economic analysis.    Let me be clear. NAHB joins OSHA in its stated goal of reducing workplace illnesses and injuries. The debate is not over whether to protect our workers, but how best to protect our workers.    I urge Congress to consider ways to forestall the implementation of this deeply flawed rule until OSHA has revisited the potential burden this rule will put on small businesses.    I thank you for the opportunity to share my views, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Brady. I think there are a number of different areas during construction that OSHA has not paid attention to, and that is the practical side of--I am in Illinois, Michigan, Indiana, Midwestern States, we are building throughout the year.    There are freezing temperatures. If they are required to add water to the exterior, whether it is brick cutting, block cutting, tile roof installation, it potentially creates, certainly on a 6-12 pitch roof, a hazard probably more or equal to the possibility of adding water to cutting those tiles, again depending on the pitch of the roof and the installation procedure.    So, there are many elements of the rule that actually could create hazards in trying to protect from the silica.    Mr. Brady. In our remarks about the rule, and we commented on a number of these issues, we feel that OSHA just did not look at and pay attention to the number of comments that we made, did not incorporate them into the rule on a practical and technologically feasible and economically feasible position.    Again, we are willing to work with OSHA on these, and we were willing, and we have put hours and hours and hours in working with OSHA, but they ignored most of what--I will say I will give them a bit. They took adding water to dust or the dirt on a floor before you sweep it, they took that out, and if any of you try to sweep a mud floor, it is not so easily done. So, those are the types of practical things that they ignored in great part.    Mr. Brady. Yes, it is a pretty tough question. It is not a question of whether or not our industry wants to protect lives. It is a question of whether or not technologically or economically this rule is feasible. I would not get into an argument whether or not any protection is worth a life. It is whether you can provide it. Somebody mentioned earlier, 93 percent, silica related illnesses have been reduced by 93 percent in the last--    Mr. Brady. There is--    Mr. Brady. Well, I think even in our conversation, again, this is not about providing--the issue is not only health. It is about providing a product for a price. In your district alone, starter homes are $450,000. You know that better than I do.    Mr. Brady. You have to have balance in regulatory reform. You have to have balance whether or not you can provide it economically but even technologically, whether or not--as somebody said, silica is in soil. As we are grading alot, silica is kicked up in soil. How do you economically and feasibly or technologically provide that at an affordable cost and be able to provide a product that consumers can buy?    Mr. Brady. Again, no, dollar for dollar, no. I understand from our members this is a very cumbersome compliance issue. Our industry seems to be targeted specifically to this rule because they will have a huge impact on the cost to provide product.    Now, again, over the last 40 years, our industry--drywall mud is a good example where our industry took silica out of drywall mud. It is no longer a hazard. Our industry continued to do that. Yes, maybe there are fewer workers, but they are also building better product, and that is the type of environment, cooperative environment, that we would like to work with OSHA to make practically, economically, and technologically feasible.    Mr. Brady. Well, Table 1, I think, has 18 points to it. Our industry is so complex. I will have 100 people on a construction site during the three months that I am building, on a home building. Remodeling is entirely different. A remodeling project is a good example of where Table 1 does not really answer some of these questions, so they default to the very stringent--there are no remediation issues potentially on the remodeling side, so they default to the very restrictive compliance issues, because they cannot comply with throwing water into a home when they demolish a wall, they cannot throw water into that wall, so they have to use other means.    This rule really sets up our members, from builder, remodeler, to the associates, to the thousands of members throughout the country, for failure, because technologically, we will not be able to comply with this rule.    Mr. Brady. Well, again, we are a fairly transient business. I am a general contractor so I use small business subcontractors. Their employees move seasonally, they move from employer to employer, they move around. It is going to be very cumbersome, number one, if I have to test--say I am a brick mason and I have to test my employee today, I have to do a baseline medical exam, three months later, they are working in Indiana with another contractor.    I think the rule suggests they have to be baselined, so to say they are only going to be tested every three years is a miscalculation because our business is transient and people move, so just kind of with the logistics of these specialty contractors and their employees, it is going to be very difficult to comply with.