    Ms. Schakowsky. I was here earlier.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So if the vaccine that we are using now has been viewed as 23 percent effective, and usually in the past it has been 50 to 60 percent effectiveness, are we seeing--maybe it is Dr. Schuchat, are we seeing a commensurate increase in the incidents of flu?    Ms. Schakowsky. I see. So the lab tests predicted 23 percent----    Ms. Schakowsky . But you are seeing it actually out in the country, that it is also much higher?    Ms. Schakowsky. OK. With the passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010, we took important steps on preventive medical coverage for free, and since the law went into effect, approximately 76 million Americans have received no-cost coverage for preventive services. So I am wondering if we are seeing that there actually was an impediment to getting these preventive services, vaccines, because of the cost, and now without the cost, that more people are making that available to themselves.    Ms. Schakowsky. So we do think, although we don't have the new data----    Ms. Schakowsky . That cost has been a barrier in the past----    Ms. Schakowsky . Is that what you think?    Ms. Schakowsky. I think it is great that we are having this hearing today because this whole question of vaccines, as many of my colleagues have mentioned, has really been in the news, and it is disturbing that a number of high-profile political figures have weighed in on this in a negative way, I would say, that this is, you know, parents should make the decision, and I have seen some children that have been deeply affected by vaccines in a negative way. What I am wondering is, what is the public health outreach effort to make sure that--you heard my colleague Marsha Blackburn talking about the mom blogs. I mean there is a lot that is going on, not only on television, and I am glad you were on, Dr. Fauci, and that is very important that we get the message out in every medium, but I am just wondering if we are also just looking at how people are communicating with each other in the social media and getting the facts out.    Ms. Schakowsky. Exactly. I think maybe we need to make sure we communicate with all political voices as well that are out there to make sure that we are communicating the science, the facts, that suggest that all parents should vaccinate their children.    So I yield back.