    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to apologize to the panel for missing your testimony, but I did have an important question to ask. But first, I just wanted to say, Ms. Norby, I am a happy user of physical therapy. I have very weird feet that I would like to keep working for another couple of decades, who knows, and so I am, right now, taking physical therapy and can see its results. So I just wanted to tell you that.    So I wanted to talk about the staggering cost of prescription drug prices in this country and the burden this places on patients and families. Sadly, I am well aware of that. My precious daughter-in-law passed away from cancer, but it put a tremendous strain on the family financially, in terms of having a 5-year-old and a 3-year-old also left to my son.    So it is an issue that I think we really have to be discussing more, and I know a majority of Americans agree. In fact, 73 percent of the public think that the cost of prescription drugs is unreasonable. Cancer treatments, in particular, are increasingly bankrupting patients. The average cost of new cancer drugs and other specialty drugs continue to increase each year at an unsustainable rate. We saw this dramatic example of the $13.50 pill that the hope of the owner of the company was to raise it to $750 a pill. But even less dramatic, a recent study from the American Economic Association's Journal of Economic Perspectives showed that cancer drug prices increased 10 percent every year from 1995 to 2013. And Mr. Chairman, I would like unanimous consent to place that study in the record.    Ms. Schakowsky. So while the average American family makes about $52,000 a year, there are cancer drugs on the market that cost more than $100,000 per year. Even those fortunate enough to have insurance can face out-of-pocket expenses that add up to more than half of the family's income.    I think we can all agree that drugs only work if patients can actually afford to take them. And I worry that if we don't act soon, these skyrocketing prices will leave the majority of Americans literally priced out of a cure.    So, Dr. Gould, I am sure you have seen firsthand how difficult it can be for a patient to pay for their treatment. I am wondering if you have any experiences as to how the rising drug costs have affected the patients that you are treating?    Ms. Schakowsky. Let me ask you this: I am wondering if you can discuss how the alternative payment methods, such as the Center for Medicare Medicaid Innovation, Oncology Care model, might address this issue?    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you so much. I just wanted to point out the oncology care model was part of, and CMMI, part of the Affordable Care Act that I think can help us all deliver better care, and do it at a better price. So thank you and I yield back.