    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I think we should approach this hearing as all others with a great deal of humility. Because I think the bottom line is if we had gotten last year's NDAA right, we wouldn't even be having this hearing. So we are correcting a self-inflicted wound here. Now, there are many self-inflicted wounds depending on how far back you want to go in history. It is a little embarrassing for America that we haven't been able to duplicate or exceed the Russian technology already, given the billions of dollars we have expended. But, actually, there are tremendous signs of hope because if we had this hearing a few years ago, that is when we really should have been worried, but we weren't smart enough to be worried back then. Now due to the investment, sometimes of our own billionaires and their love of space, there are some amazingly exciting things happening. So we are really just managing this transition.    I am confident we can do it. I wish, and I don't know whether the Chinese with their Long March missile have, in fact, bought the RD-180 or at least copied it successfully, something we apparently have been unable to do. But we don't want to just be held to the past standard. There are new generation technologies that are even more exciting, more capable. So how do we effectively transition to that. Company competition can be contentious sometimes, but it is also exciting. And sometimes it brings out the best in us no matter how painful it is. So I am glad we are having this hearing. I hope that the net result will be superior congressional performance, as well as superior company performance so that we can have assured access to space.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to the testimony of the witnesses.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you. I appreciate the expertise on this panel. And I appreciate my friendship with the chairman. I am a little worried that we are pursuing a unicorn here because I think Mr. Bruno just said there is no such thing as a replacement for the RD-180 engine, there is no drop-in equivalent. And we are kind of fooling ourselves if we think there could be, at least in the reasonable future.    Now, there are some, you know, workarounds, replacements. And there is certainly new launch systems. So continuing the theme of my opening statement, I think our first role should be, ``first, do no harm,'' because we wouldn't even be here if we had gotten the language right in last year's NDAA. So I am not a technical expert. I am certainly not a rocket scientist. But it seems to be that in this testimony there are some remarkable differences.    First of all, I regret, it is a little bit unfair, the witnesses are at least three to one against SpaceX. And I am not sure that is fair. Perhaps we should have given Mr. Thornburg three times the time. It may be three and a half to one against, but he more than held his own. And it should be exciting for all Americans that we have billionaires and entrepreneurs who are willing to devote so much of their resources to coming up with new and apparently more efficient solutions.    But the factual question, is there a gap? It seems to me that we need at least 9 RD-180s. We may need 29. We may need more than 29. And, meanwhile, a lot of what you hear on the Hill is a lot of bad-mouthing of the Russians. And there is plenty of reason to bad-mouth at least their leaders. But while we are dependent on the RD-180, it may not be the smartest thing strategically to bad-mouth the source.    Hopefully, we can overcome this gap. And Mr. Thornburg's testimony is that the real gap is the premature decision to retire the Delta Medium. So there you don't blame the Russians, you blame us. Or the gap could be the Air Force dragging their feet to certify the new Falcon Heavy. And certainly there are a lot of worthy and important requirements and certification, three required successful launches, lots of things. I loved Mr. Culbertson's quote of Wernher von Braun when he said: We can lick gravity, but sometimes the paperwork is overwhelming. What Congress is really good at is paperwork and putting in artificial requirements that oftentimes impede the private sector's ability to innovate.    I get worried that when it comes to a drop-in engine, you are talking about my beloved old Chevrolet Impala and trying to find a new V-8 to put in the old vehicle. I want a car that will work, not just an engine that will perform. And when we talk about assured access to space, we want a vehicle that can get our payloads up into the appropriate orbit. And it may be that we haven't had enough discussion on this panel of appropriate orbits, and maybe we can't do that in an open setting. But we have to serve all of our national security needs. And some of those are harder to achieve than others.    So I hope that this hearing, and it may take the second panel to do it, will be able to resolve the question of whether there is a gap and, if so, how large, and how best to bridge that gap. And to a certain extent, all of the witnesses are asking us to buy some vaporware because nobody can predict, nobody has a perfect crystal ball. One tends to believe in Mr. Bruno when he says really, getting realistic, ain't going to happen before 2021, 2023, maybe because it takes time, at least the American way of doing it. I hope it is not that long. And we should all be encouraged with the new methane engine, the Blue Origin is completely amazing. But also the idea of the Raptor is totally amazing. But some existing accomplishments are things we should be deeply proud of.    I am a little bit worried about Mr. Thornburg's methodology because the Falcon uses 9 or 10 engines. And you claim an engine heritage that is able to be multiplied due to the number of engines. It makes me think that if the Falcon 9 were composed of 100 engines, then you would have a track record 10 times or 100 times more successful than all the RD-180s. That is, perhaps, a specious methodology for coming up with a track record. But still you can't deny the accomplishments because you have exceeded what most people would have expected. But, again, our job here is to not stand in the way of progress. And I think the statement of administration policy was pretty on point when it said so often the congressional language, especially last year's section 1608, gets in the way.    So how do we resolve this in a sensible way? We want commercial competition. We want assured access to space. But, above all, we have to have assured access to space. So I am hopeful that the witnesses can help us resolve these questions. And, as I say, it make take the second panel, but there seems to be general consensus that no one is talking about a drop-in engine. Because it is my understanding that even the proposed solutions are either 18 inches too long or 4 inches too long or there are really two engines instead of one engine. So the chairman's goal, as worthy as it may be, is really not available from any of the witnesses on this panel. Now, the chairman's goal of cost savings is extremely important. But I don't need to remind members of the Armed Services Committee how much money we are wasting on various things here or there. And in the scheme of things, the money we are talking about here is relatively small and manageable. The key is assured access to space.    So if any of the witnesses want to correct my impressions, I spent much of last night reading your testimony. It was very helpful. But it also is so conflicting, it is hard to find where the truth lies. So I hope--Ms. Van Kleeck, you seem poised.    Mr. Cooper. The AR1 is----    Mr. Cooper. But there are many other issues, acoustics. You know, and Mr. Bruno was saying just because you started late, you are 16 months behind. So we don't know what they will choose in the down select a year or two from now.    Mr. Cooper. But there have been lots of anticipations that didn't necessarily pan out. And for assured access to space, we need something that will work.    Mr. Cooper. Well, you may have seen the problem 10 years ago, but you are 16 months behind right now, even Blue Origin and some of these other things. So what, that puts us in a tough spot. We have to measure the gap and figure out how to fill the gap.    Mr. Cooper. Mr. Chairman, I think my time has more than expired. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    There are 5 areas I would like to pursue. Some are just context and peripheral, but I think it is going to be important for this committee to understand.    In the Air Force RPS, is there a prediction in the out-years of payload size? Because I think the assumption is they are going to get--stay about the same size as they are today, some large and some small. There is some trends--if we're going to Mars, probably need to be on the big side. If we are going to do CUBESATs , maybe we don't need the lift capability. So all this talk about launch systems and lift capacity, the question is, what are we lifting? And as electronics get smaller and smaller, it could be that lighter lift capacity is sufficient to do the job. I don't know the answer to that question. Anybody have any answers on this panel?    Mr. Cooper. Part of it is orbit, part of it is weight?    Mr. Cooper. Yeah. We haven't given much attention at all to the second-stage problems. And what you point out are very, very important. On the intellectual property issue, it is the greatest source of wealth on the planet, but we have increasing difficulty understanding ownership and relationships like that. I guess it gives us some comfort that an American citizen might be owning all this IP, but sometimes citizens move. Sometimes they make private sale decisions that could endanger a national security. So this is something that we need to figure out better. And in terms of payback to the taxpayers, if we could get one or two pharmaceutical companies to pay back all the benefits of their blockbuster drugs from basic research done at NIH, it would return many more than a few billion dollars. So perhaps we need to work with our colleagues on other committees on that.    On the question of paperwork, Mr. Bruno mentioned FAR 15, I think you called it. And that is a requirement that you have to endure, but some others might not. But I am not sure, is all of FAR 15 really good paperwork? Is that necessary paperwork? Can we streamline FAR 15 so that we can reduce the burden for anybody who might have to be subjected to all that paperwork burden? It is not the 10 Commandments. It is not written in stone.    Mr. Cooper. So there is some flexibility within that. Is FAR 15 the biggest and scariest monster out there?    Mr. Cooper. But there are lesser monsters? Okay. So you just mentioned that to scare us.    Mr. Cooper. A question Mr. Bridenstine mentioned, monopoly. Nobody likes monopoly, but I think in the best case situation we would have a duopoly or maybe an oligopoly. We need to find another billionaire to back Ms. Van Kleeck here. Where is Richard Branson when we need him? Or maybe there are others with sufficient egos. Because when you correctly said the business case isn't very exciting about this. Diminishing number of payloads, substantial risk. It takes an investor's ego to kind of propel this sort of speculative investment, the glory of spacefaring. So I think as we fear a monopoly we should bear in mind that even in the best case we are going to have an oligopoly, and that is not a whole lot better. We love the retail model where we can get Amazon pricing for everything. It is not likely to be available here, despite Mr. Bezos's involvement. So we don't want to be too idealistic in this pursuit.    And, finally, there is this touchy issue of recruiting brilliant personnel. And we in America relied heavily on Wernher von Braun and lots of other folks who were imported from Germany. And I think the last one just died in the last year or so down in Huntsville, Alabama. So, unquestionably, there are some brilliant scientists who make a difference.    I couldn't help but note on the first page of Mr. Meyerson's testimony, he has recruited lots of folks from lots of places, including someone with Merlin experience. That is interesting. It makes me think, regarding the RD-180, that our failure is not to have recruited a Russian who actually knew how that worked. Where is that person?    And maybe the Chinese did that when they have integrated that into their Long March, or maybe they just stole the blueprints. But you kind of wonder, you hope that a team of scientists can do great things, and, in many cases, they have. But in some cases, at least, there are these brilliant individuals who come up with the secret sauce. And that leads us to the very interesting feature of SpaceX, where they do not rely on the patent system to protect their IP, preferring, instead, the trade secret system, which is basically thumbing their nose at the entire Western system of protecting intellectual property.    And I am not defending the inefficiencies of the Patent Office or--you know. But, this is kind of an interesting challenge here. You just keep it locked up in a safe like maybe the Coca Cola formula as opposed to publishing and disseminating and then protecting legally. So there are many challenges we face as we get into this issue to make sure that we have assured access to space, that we have a perhaps unique national security capability to lift whatever is required on the timetable that we need to serve the warfighter, and, yet, we are increasingly relying on commercial models, global models, international models that may or may not service this unique national capability.    So these are some of the challenges the subcommittee faces as we try to come up with some sort of fair solution that, above all, puts America first. So that is how I see it.    If you all publicly or privately have corrections, amendments to that, modifications, I would appreciate hearing from you, because we are trying to do the right thing and not have Congress mess up yet again like we did last year.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am a budget hawk, and I hate to bring up the issue of sequestration, but that probably is, as Ms. McFarland pointed out, the most important issue we face, not only for this issue but for all the military issues. And this committee has ducked it yet again.    So, to put a fine point on it, under this NDAA, we will be borrowing $30 billion, we say from the OCO account, but it is not budgeted; increase the deficit. We will probably be borrowing it from China. And yet none of us has thought of or proposed, oh, we would buy the Long March missile from China to meet our gap. But we are taking the money from them. But we wouldn't consider buying their missile based on RD-180 technology.    So I hope the members of this committee and of this Congress will solve the sequestration problem, something that repeated Congresses have failed to do, which dramatically injures our national defense capability. So that is the big issue. So, within that giant issue, we are focusing on this.    I need to ask the witnesses and the chairman this question. General Greaves indicated there has been broad interest in the latest RFP. Great. But that is for more than re-engining. So I am interested to find out and get clarity in this hearing whether the chairman would be interested in a new RFP just for a new engine. Are we buying missile systems, or are we buying new engines?    General Greaves.    General Greaves. Congressman Cooper, the broad response from industry includes initial proposals from both engine providers as well as launch service providers. So we are assessing that combination as we speak. We received it 3 days ago. We are on a timeline to select the best and get detailed proposals from the remainder.    Mr. Cooper. But any new RFP would delay the whole process----    General Greaves. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cooper . Terribly.    General Greaves. But we believe that----    Mr. Cooper. And you have already expressed, or at least General Hyten has, extreme skepticism about the possibility of getting a certified engine replacement by 2019.    General Greaves. Yes, sir. We believe a new RFP would delay the process. But we also believe that the current process we have, the RPS we had, encompasses both opportunities for inputs from engine providers and launch service providers themselves. So, within that sum total of inputs we have today, we believe it is highly likely we will find a way through this.    Mr. Cooper. But this Congress, this committee, can say 2019. That doesn't mean it is going to happen. And we have heard from our Air Force experts extreme skepticism that that could happen.    General Hyten. Well, you may have heard skepticism, but I hope you also heard optimism. Because when you get into a competitive environment and you actually engage the best scientists and engineers that we have, I think it is possible to get there in 2019.    The skepticism that I think you are referring to is talking about the significant technical challenges in a couple of areas. And then we also have the thrust vector control issue that was talked about by the previous committee, too, that we have to work through. We are not going to go down that technology path. I think in the long term that would be a good technology program for the United States to go down, as well.    Mr. Cooper. Well, we keep on using this word ``competition,'' at least from the previous panel. There are really only two competitors, if you get down to it. You know, there is the ULA group, and then there is SpaceX. And Orbital wants to get in, maybe, sometime. But this isn't retail environment. There are not lots of folks vying for this lumpy business.    Now, there are more folks interested in commercial, but that is not what we are talking about here. You know, this basically, at least due to market interest, is not an interesting business space unless you are a multibillionaire with a big ego.    And, by the way, the missing billionaire for the hydrocarbon engine? Maybe we could find a Texas oilman who would be interested in funding a hydrocarbon research platform. Because Dr. Griffin is probably right; we need world-class research in this area. Well, where has it been for decades? You know, we haven't had the backing for it somehow. So we are in this fix right now.    Mr. Cooper. Well, I don't want to put words in your mouth, Dr. Griffin, but there are some advantages sometimes to big government. And you proposed a government-funded and government-owned solution. Many of my colleagues across the aisle call that big government, and they resist that. They want to turn over virtually everything to the private sector.    Mr. Cooper. I like your argument, because we do need assured access to space. I think you went a little bit too far if you used the ULA ratio last year as the appropriate mix. It could be that ULA is the higher-cost provider for commercial, and that is why so much of the business has been taken by SpaceX.    But, regardless of that, there are certain needs that only the government can perform, and we should step up and do that and fully pay for those, unlike we are doing with our overall defense budget. Because we are still relying on sequestration and borrowing the money, essentially from the Chinese. So we have to get real about this, and this committee has failed in that regard.    I am a little worried about the aspect of the Air Force demanding, you know, competition and performance and everything like that, and then you are the gatekeeper. So you could slow-walk or prevent an otherwise-qualified vendor from achieving success. This assumed horizon of 6 to 7 years is worrisome because we won World War II in that timeframe, but now everything is slower in the modern age.    So I am a little bit worried, and we saw this a little bit with the last SpaceX certification. It was 6 months, at least, longer than expected. And I want to make sure all the i's are dotted and t's are crossed, but sometimes we are not quite sure where it is lost in the bureaucracy.    General Greaves.    General Greaves. Congressman Cooper, just let me restate that we are 100 percent focused on expediting our transition off the RD-180, as well as ensuring that we have a level playing field between all applicants for that work effort. And we have not, to date, excluded any of the proposed options, to include solids.    We have the four-step process, which will drive us to a conclusion expeditiously. And we do have the opportunity, if we find that for one or more reasons that one or more of the proposals that we are reviewing now will not close from a business-case perspective, won't meet requirements, someone can't meet what we need, to essentially go back to step one, which is the technical maturation activity, to pursue an engine development if needed.    Mr. Cooper. See, that sounds like such a great answer. And you said ``expeditiously,'' and that sounds great. But the definition of ``expeditiously'' in the modern age is 6 to 7 years.    General Greaves. Sir, I am talking for step two, which is the RFP that we are currently assessing, awards between September and December of this year. It is a two-step process. Does the set of initial proposals that we have now even meet or not meet the requirement? Narrowing it down and moving on.    Because, as you heard from the previous panel, sir, these providers have been working on this issue for quite some time on their own, and we do not believe it will take an exorbitant amount of time to get to a decision.    Mr. Cooper. Well, we all hope it won't be an exorbitant amount of time, but, you know, we heard the FAR 15 problems, and no one has ever proposed to us reforming FAR 15.    Ms. McFarland.    Mr. Cooper. So it is not as scary as FAR 15, the big monster, but this is a little monster.    Mr. Cooper. Well, I am sure they will be comforted by that.    Essential question of fact here. SpaceX testifies that they can handle 60 percent of national security loads--60 percent. Okay. Ms. McFarland, in her testimony, said that they can do four of eight, which sounds like 50 percent. And then Dr. Griffin, in his testimony, said two-thirds of the payloads would be grounded. You know, so what is it?    Mr. Cooper. Uh-huh.    Do we have the legal ability here to force the continuation of the Delta Medium? Because that is what SpaceX claims would eliminate any gap even today.    Mr. Cooper. Uh-huh.    General Greaves, you are a lawyer, aren't you?    General Greaves. Yes, sir.    I believe the entire discussion of the Delta IV revolves around the ability of United Launch Alliance to remain competitive with something like a Falcon 9. And, as Mr. Bruno mentioned before, they are asking for the time to transition between where we are today and whatever their new system, the new--the Vulcan is. And, to do that, they need a steady stream of revenue to maintain the capability to get there.    So, from what they have briefed us, they have briefed me, if the Delta IV was forced to compete with the Falcon 9, it would not be cost-competitive and most likely would not win. So, without that--and Mr. Bruno mentioned it in the previous hearing--without that assurance of that steady stream of revenue, it would be hard to receive the capital investment they need to make that transition.    So it is not, in our opinion, a matter of whether or not the Delta IV can meet our requirements or we can force them to stay. I believe it is a matter of whether or not ULA can remain in business during the transition with the Delta IV as the competitive item.    Mr. Cooper. So we could make it happen if we paid them to make it happen.    General Greaves. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cooper. Okay.    Final point would be this. I am worried overall that the short tenure of generalships does not meet these multiyear national security capabilities. Because so many of the personnel and leaders of these companies are retired Air Force, and, you know, when we have 3-year, 4-year tours of duties--and I am not impugning anyone's integrity. It just seems like, when we have a 20-year or 30-year time horizon on some of these things and we are rotating in and out personnel, success is sometimes defined as punching your ticket on your command. And, if that is sufficient, you know, that--because we are on the receiving end of a 20-year problem here, and I wonder where those folks are.    General Hyten. So I understand the argument, Congressman. I really do. And it may be an anomaly, but I will just point out that I came back into this element of the business in February of 2010. And I started coming over here to the Hill in February of 2010, working this issue as the space acquisition person under the acquisition chain for 2 years, then as the vice commander of Space Command, now as the commander of Space Command. So I have been in this area, focused on this area for over 5 years now.    And this is essentially important to me, personally, to make sure we get this done correctly, because I don't want to leave a problem for the people that come after me. Because I understand that I have a finite amount of time left in the service now, and I want to make sure that we get it right so that the folks that come after me don't have to worry about this problem.    Mr. Cooper. Yeah. And you are a good man, and 5 years on a problem is a very long time for the Air Force. But that pales in comparison to Admiral Rickover's tenure with Navy Nuclear.    General Hyten. It does, sir. I understand the argument.    Mr. Cooper. Yeah.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.