    Mr. Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you. And I now recognized the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer.    Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Mr. Babin. Thank you.    And Mr. Secretary, I have a couple of questions. The--do you believe that the Environmental Protection Agency followed the proper process when determining, evaluating, and identifying the science behind the Bristol Bay Watershed Assessment, and if this has already been asked, I apologize. I had to run down and vote. You know the procedure.    Hon. Cohen. The answer is no. I think there was not the fairest process that should have been employed, and that's where it comes down to this element of fair. Do I think the State of Alaska, Pebble were treated fairly in the sense that a report that was used and filed with the SEC, and Mr. Scheeler has just mentioned, and then to have a watershed assessment filed and to then represent to the Pebble Partnership and to the State of Alaska this watershed assessment is not going to be used as a basis for our decision when in fact it was used as a basis for their decision. So that gets into the issue of, is that a fair way to treat a key participant that we're not going to use this because this is really incomplete. It doesn't have anything to do with mitigation efforts that might be developed. They might be insufficient. I don't know. But under the normal NEPA process, at least the Corps of Engineers would have a recommendation as to whether there is scientifically valid technology and processes available that would reduce or mitigate the damage that could be caused to the environment. None of that was included, and EPA recognized it, saying look, this doesn't seek to compensate for the regular NEPA process but the implication was, we're not going to use it as the basis for determination, and that's precisely what they did. They used the assessment as the basis for their determination.    Mr. Babin. So if I'm understanding correctly, Mr. Secretary, how much, in your opinion, of the EPA review process for this project really depended on science that was specifically from the Bristol Bay Watershed Assessment?    Hon. Cohen. Well, there was a great--I should be clear on this. There was a great deal of science that was supplied. The opponents of the mine, they had many talented science experts present information. I think Pebble also had their scientists present information. There was disagreement. If you look at the comments in the peer review, you will find that in the peer-review process, there were citations of where the watershed assessment plan was deficient, and it pointed out you haven't taken into account what the Army Corps of Engineers would do and designate whether or not there were mitigation techniques that could be applied whether there could in fact be a reasonable way and a responsible way for controlling the damage from any potential harm to the environment, which is an important consideration.    Mr. Babin. Certainly.    Hon. Cohen. And so I think there's science on both sides. I decided I'm not a scientist and I wouldn't even step into this. It's beyond my capability. But I respect the individuals who submitted scientific reports on both sides. I just think there's a difference of opinion in terms of whether or not you should have the benefit of having the best technology available, have that presented as evidence through the Army Corps of Engineers. That was not done, and so I think that's the point that needs to be focused upon.    Mr. Babin. Absolutely. One more question. Why is having an unbiased scientific process important for determining the environmental impact from this project?    Hon. Cohen. Well, you'd like--you would hope you would take the politics out of something this important. This is important to the State of Alaska, to the tribes--no, I think the tribes' members who have traveled from Alaska or who represent the tribes of Alaska, this is important to them. This--salmon's important to the economy of Alaska, and to not only Alaska but the Lower 48 states as well. And so--and it's also important to the State of Alaska to say whether or not we can have economic development in an area that we specifically have designated for economic development in the form of mining. So there are big issues involved, and my point is, when you've got these kinds of issues involved, isn't it the best way to pursue it is do it through the traditional process that you have used historically on those 13 occasions when you invoked 404(c), do it when an application's been filed. And Pebble can say I'm not ready to file it yet. That's--I think that's up to them. They may need more--they may be looking for more technology that would satisfy EPA, but that's a decision. Can EPA force you to do it when you're not ready, and that's a policy decision that Congress is going to have to act upon.    Mr. Babin. Okay. Thank you very much.    Now I'd like to recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Loudermilk.    Mr. Babin. Thank you, Mr. Loudermilk.    I'd like to recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Takano.    Mr. Babin. Thank you.    Now I'd like to recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer.    Mr. Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you.    And I'd like to recognize the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko.    Mr. Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it. And I want to thank the witnesses for being here as well.    I would ask that a slide be placed up here in just a second, but first I want to ask Mr. Halford a question. You were the recipient of the notes taken by a Trout Unlimited colleague at a meeting between the EPA and several opponents of the Pebble Mine, and I'd like to point everyone's attention to some excerpts from these notes in light of the fact that we just heard Secretary Cohen testify under oath that there should never be any politics involved in the review process, but I would point your attention to these notes, and this was a--notes that was--that were from Richard Parkin, who is the project leader of the Bristol Bay project and working for the Environmental Protection Agency. It says where the bottom red line, this is what he said. This is the EPA's own representative at the time at this meeting. It said that--clarified--it stressed that while a 404(c) determination would be based on science, he says politics are as big or a bigger factor. Now, how do you--was it your understanding, Senator Halford, that politics would play as big or as big a factor as what Mr. Parkin said than the science in EPA's decision to use section 404(c) to stop the Pebble Mine, and bearing in mind what Secretary Cohen had just testified just a few minutes ago?    Mr. Babin. Tuesday, February 22nd, 2011, at 4:26 p.m. That's the date and time.    Mr. Babin. Well, in light of the fact that we just heard Secretary Cohen say that in these types of decisions when we're using--supposedly using science and we have the EPA's own project leader saying that science does play a big factor but politics can be a big factor or bigger factor. That leads me to believe that this is not really based on science after all.    Mr. Babin. Okay.    Mr. Babin. Mr. Collier, EPA's Bristol Bay project leader Richard Parkin, whose name and quote is here, admitted that politics would play as large a role as the science, in fact, even a larger role, in its determination to stop the Pebble Mine. If this is the feeling of the agency at EPA, how then can the judgment and impartiality of the EPA be trusted at all in these decisions?    Mr. Congressman, I've probably read more internal memos and emails regarding this situation than anyone else in this room, and this is just one of dozens of examples of this kind of concern, and the criticism of Secretary Cohen's report that it's not independent, what hasn't been criticized is the detailed citation throughout that 350 pages where every one of his statements has been cited back to a document from EPA to verify its authenticity.    Mr. Babin. Thank you very much to both of you witnesses, and I think the only conclusion you can draw is that science is not the biggest criteria they use to come up with these permits.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.