    Mr. Perlmutter. Madam Chair, it is great to have you in front of our committee again. Thank you very much. And I just came in, I am sort of bouncing between two committee hearings. We had Secretary Ernest Moniz testifying over in the Science Committee. So I am going to ask you some questions about oil and gas in just a second, but what I would like to do is start with your report. I always enjoy taking a look at the graphs that the Federal Reserve prepares. And I would like to start with page 3, your first graph basically, and to talk about the increase in employment that we have seen pretty much on a monthly basis. The report says that about 280,000 people per month additional employment. Is that right?    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. So just to put things back in perspective, at the end of the Bush Administration, the beginning of the Obama Administration, we were losing in the neighborhood of 700,000 to 800,000 jobs a month, were we not?    Mr. Perlmutter. So we basically have a swing of almost a million jobs a month?    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. I would say that is pretty successful, given where we were and where we are today.    And looking at your chart No. 4, which is found on page 5, that is what is reflected in that chart, is it not?    Mr. Perlmutter. The reason I am asking this is just some of the questions and some of the sort of approaches that have been taken would lead you to believe that we have struggled gaining jobs, but, at this point, we are on average almost 300,000 jobs a month.    Mr. Perlmutter. Some of my colleagues' areas may be suffering--and I am sorry for that--but I can say, in Colorado, we are at a very good employment rate of in the neighborhood of 3.5 percent, which is better than we have been in many, many years. So we are feeling pretty good, which brings me, though, to a concern that I have and you discussed early in your testimony. And that is the effect of the recent decline in oil prices on economic activity. In Colorado, we have a pretty diverse economy, but we certainly are an energy-producing State. Texas is. A number of the States are. And so my concern is, given the dramatic drop in price--and this is what I talked to Secretary Moniz about--of oil, what effect do you think that is going to have? You said you thought the net effect would be positive on the U.S. economy. I guess my fear is back when I first started practicing law, the Saudis were--oil prices were at 30 bucks a barrel. They dropped to 10. It hurt Texas badly, it hurt Colorado, it hurt oil-producing and energy-producing States pretty substantially. And so my fear, looking out for my State, is I don't want to see that happen again. And if it is coupled with a fragile Europe, which you talked about, I would be worried about the overall effect on the economy. And I would just like you to comment on that.    Mr. Perlmutter. And I would just ask the Federal Reserve to continue to keep an eye on this sphere of the economy for the effects it might have overall.    Mr. Perlmutter. Thank you.