    Mr. Lieu. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Husted, for the record, I believe that Congresswoman Norton was talking about a 2012 case and you were giving answers to a 2014 case. That is sort of my understanding of her interchange.    But my questions are for Mr. Dunlap. I have heard a lot of hypotheticals today. I am sure anything can happen. It is certainly possible that that .002 percent change could 1 day affect the State of Ohio, that could 1 day affect a Presidential election. Anything is possible. But I just note that in the last election two-thirds of Americans did not vote. That number dwarfs by orders of magnitude .002 percent, and my view is that in our republic, in our democracy, we are better served by having as many eligible voters vote as possible. Everyone's time is limited and constrained. I think that our democracy is better if the 50 secretaries of State focused their time on increasing voter turnout for eligible voters, that makes our Country stronger, than focusing on .002 percent hypotheticals.    So let's talk about what the actual laws are right now in America.    Mr. Dunlap, can you just walk through again the requirements that an individual must meet to be eligible to vote in your State of Maine?    Mr. Lieu. And what are the consequences if someone, under Maine law, engages in voter fraud?    Mr. Lieu. And has the President's executive order changed the law on voter fraud in any way whatsoever?    Mr. Lieu. Has the President's executive order conferred any new right to vote for non-citizens in Maine?    Mr. Lieu. And it is still illegal for non-citizens to affirm that they are citizens in order to vote in Maine.    Mr. Lieu. As a representative of California, I would like to, at this time, read an excerpt from a Statement prepared for this hearing by California Common Cause, a national non-partisan advocacy organization founded in 1970 to enable citizens to make their voices heard in a political process. California Common Cause writes: ``Ensuring that every eligible citizen has the opportunity to cast a vote free from discrimination and obstacles is fundamental to a democracy that aims for and professes representation of all. As Stated below, we see no threat to election processes at either the State or Federal level resulting from the President's orders.''    I ask unanimous consent to enter this Statement into the congressional record, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lieu. And with that I yield back the balance of my time.