    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am not sure which parts of the Endangered Species Act apply to my district, the Nation's capital, District of Columbia, except for Members of Congress who may be endangered in the upcoming election.    Ms. Norton. But I can tell you this, that iconic parts of the Nation's capital are located in a flood plain. So I have listened very carefully to this Oregon testimony, and appreciate it.    Indeed, I have just finished working with FEMA on the 17th Street levee on the Mall to prevent floods on the Mall and the surrounding Federal and home-owning communities. Just this week I had a congressional briefing on flood risks to the Nation's capital, the District of Columbia throughout, because this city is located on the banks of two rivers, the Potomac and the Anacostia.    Now, therefore, when we heard what has occurred with Oregon, despite our understanding of the Endangered Species Act and how vital it is, one of the first questions that came to my mind, Mr. Grimm, was whether FEMA has the resources to potentially apply that model nationwide, if that is what you had to do. Because you answered to Mr. DeFazio that it should apply to all States, that it would apply to all States.    Ms. Norton. So nothing like that is envisioned, in terms of its resources. At a time when we are trying to get resources just for vital life and death matters, this is a matter of some concern.    I also listened very closely to Mr. Doyle's testimony, because Beaverton, like the District of Columbia, wanted to expand its economic development. I have just had two really huge bills to come out of this Congress, one for the Southeast Waterfront, the Southwest Waterfront. The only way to expand in the Nation's capital was to build right on the waterfront. We are very, very pleased with what is happening there. So, I have been looking very closely at the land-use decisions around there, which, by the way, have already been made, and are going to bring us extraordinary amounts of revenue.    Now, I would like to ask Mr. Grimm, in light of Mr. Doyle's testimony, I want to get an understanding of public input in the prudent--what is it, reasonable and prudent alternatives, RPA, process, why there isn't--I mean in this Congress we are used to learning from the public. So virtually any regulation I can think of has public input, so we know what we are doing, both in terms of our own district, and in terms of the administrative process itself.    So why isn't there automatic public input of the kind that I am sure you are used to? And should there be more public input? How would you go about it?    Ms. Norton. Because I have one more question, I just want to know, is it possible to get input like the input, for example, from Beaverton before all of this occurred?    Ms. Norton. It is very important for the chairman to know what it is you intend to do about that input.    Mr. Chairman, with your indulgence, I just have one question about the flooding of the National Mall and the Archives.    In 2006, Federal buildings in the Federal Triangle were flooded. Horrendous pictures--for example, I remember seeing a picture of the Archives auditorium, the whole auditorium, or much of the front of the auditorium was under water. And that is all--IRS employees were put out of their headquarters for more than 6 months. So I have a real interest in who provides guidance.    Does FEMA provide any guidance to Federal agencies on their land-use decisions and mitigation strategies? How do I know that the Archives and the entire Federal Triangle is not going to be flooded again, or that they have--do I know that they have taken mitigation in--of the kind that States, for example, would be required to take?    Ms. Norton. Can you tell me whether that has been done for the Federal Triangle?    Ms. Norton. Mr. Chairman, I would like that information submitted to the chairman, and I am sure that they will give it to me. Very important for me to know that.