    Mr. Flores. Well, thank you.    Mr. Flores. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I hope Secretary Moniz will send someone to the discussion this afternoon.    Of course, I want to talk about exports like my friend, Mr. Barton, did. One of the things you talked about is that there--one of the good reasons for the ability to have oil exports is because you have a better matching of the qualities of grades that are needed by the refineries in different geographical areas around the world. And you didn't go quite far enough, I don't think, because one of the things that happens when you have that better matching is you have economic efficiency, and economic efficiency releases additional capital, and that additional capital, based on my experience is--with 30 years in the business, would go back into reinvestment, which stimulates the production. So next time you are answering that question, if you would go all the way through that economic cycle I think that it would be helpful.    The next thing has to do with, I guess I would call it a safety valve question. As you know, there are multiple versions of--or proposals for oil exports out there, and some of them include giving the President the ability to suspend oil exports in the situation where we had some sort of an energy crisis, or if it is deemed in the national interest, or to be able to use the strategic petroleum reserve under those same circumstances. And so with those two safety valve features in place, doesn't that make it more compelling to allow oil exports?    Mr. Flores. OK. One of the things that was interesting about timing is, while your agency and others were working on the QER, the Administration was also involved in negotiations with Iran, and in early April your agency estimated that with a deal in place and the sanctions lifted, Iran might start selling us a stockpile of 30 million barrels or more later this year, and raise its output by $700,000--700,000 barrels a day by the end of 2016. This would come at a time when we would already have a global gut of crude oil.    And so my first question is this. What analysis, if any, has DOE performed to better understand the implications of the entry of Iranian oil into the global markets on global supply and demand--global supply and prices, rather?    Mr. Flores. Well, no, I do understand the independent nature of the two discussions, however----    Mr. Flores . The impact is the same. So I mean the outcomes are the same.    Mr. Flores. Exactly.    Mr. Flores. Exactly. And so I guess under these circumstances, doesn't it seem like the President would have an increasingly difficult time justifying lifting the sanctions on Iranian oil, and at the same time keeping the sanctions on domestic oil in place, where domestic oil can't be sold abroad?    Mr. Flores. Right, but we are on track to be in a position to export, so it makes sense to lift the sanctions.    Mr. Flores. OK.    Mr. Flores. I have no additional questions. Thank you. I yield back.