    Ms. HAHN. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Chu. Thank you for holding this hearing today.    And although I was not in Congress when Dodd-Frank passed, I do believe that our second great recession in 2008 really required Congress to step in and protect the consumer. And there may be unintended consequences from Dodd-Frank that hurt access to capital for our small businesses. But I think at this point, I do not think we should be throwing out the baby with the bathwater. I think we should work together to fix some of those provisions that would help our small lenders. But, you know, while some of you think the recession is over and the crisis has passed, I will tell you I represent people in my district who did lose their homes and who lost their jobs and have not recovered yet. So I am not convinced that we need to ease regulations as yet. We know what happened before when there were no regulations, and certainly the banks and the mortgage lenders took advantage of people.    I was going to ask Ms. Gordon, you touched on it a little bit, but I do worry that the lobbying effort underway to reform Dodd-Frank is coming from big banks under the guise of helping small banks. In fact, the legislation that passed through the Senate Banking Committee earlier this year is very broad and would lift major regulations off of big banks. Honestly, and again, you touched on it, but who do you think will benefit more from the Senate Banking Committee's Dodd-Frank reform legislation--small community banks or big banks?    Ms. HAHN. Thank you.    Ms. HAHN. Thank you for that.    Mr. Eagerton, I am a big supporter of credit unions. I am a member of the ILWU Credit Union back in my hometown, and I have worked very closely with my credit unions who I give great credit to for being really the community banks in most of our communities.    One of the things I think we can do to help credit unions is to lift this arbitrary cap that was not a result of Dodd-Frank but it was a result of Congress in the 1990s putting this arbitrary cap on how much our credit unions could lend. And I think I have been a big advocate of raising that cap, and I know Ranking Member Chu and I are both co-sponsors on the Credit Union Small Business Jobs Creation Act, which would lift that cap. I know the big banks are very opposed to that, but I would like to see that happen because I think that would do more than lifting regulations to allowing our credit unions to really get in there and make those loans.    Could you just tell us what that would mean if Congress passed the bill on raising that arbitrary cap?    Ms. HAHN. Right. Right.    Ms. HAHN. Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.