    Mr. Connolly. I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome to our panel. And I want to thank you for holding this hearing.    I support the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, which I think has proven to be an effectively managed program that does, in fact, reduce fraud and misuse. Individual and isolated examples of problems notwithstanding, there is very little evidence of widespread SNAP fraud. Actually, the evidence suggests that the Department of Agriculture investigates potential fraud pretty aggressively. State antifraud efforts are also functioning as effectively as possible, despite difficulties in conducting fraud investigations due to reduced funding and staff levels. Those antifraud efforts are important because SNAP benefits are a vital part of the national safety net.    SNAP provides people at or below 130 percent of the poverty line, which is currently an annual income of $26,100 for a family of three--good luck in living on that--$127 a month toward an affordable, adequate diet. About 70 percent of SNAP participants are families with children, and 25 percent are in households with seniors and people with disabilities.    SNAP also protects the overall economy. Because SNAP is an entitlement and provides money to people who need it, they spend it directly on food. CBO found that among policies implemented by Congress to stimulate economic growth and create jobs during the economic recession, SNAP had one of the largest increases in economic activity and employment per budgetary dollars spent. That is to say if you want a direct injection into the economy to stimulate, this is a great way to do it.    According to the Census Bureau, SNAP kept 5 million Americans out of poverty during the recession, which followed the 2008 financial crisis. That is an extraordinary number. Since then, SNAP spending has fallen--as you would expect as the economy recovers--by 7 percent in 2014, and the Center of Budget and Policy Priorities reports that reduced caseloads will continue in 2016 because of the growing and stronger economy.    I understand the concerns my friends on the other side of the aisle to ensure the SNAP program continues to work efficiently, and I think we have common ground on that. I too want to eliminate the small percentage of bad actors who misrepresent facts about themselves and cheat people in need.    In fiscal year 2012, over 100 FNS analysts and investigators around the country reviewed more than 15,000 stores and conducted nearly 4,500 undercover investigations. Over the last 10 years, more than 8,300 retail stores were permanently disqualified because of fraud.    I find the House majority's recent proposal in the war on poverty troubling. The answer to completely eliminating fraud in the SNAP program is not by converting it into a block grant program. Actually, block granting step is probably the first step to eliminating SNAP. That could be the fate of a number of safety-net programs such as child welfare services and elderly services. They were put together into the social services block grant. This year, the Republican budget eliminates them.    I would welcome the opportunity to work with my friends on the other side of the aisle to find ways to improve the SNAP program seeing as it actually serves more constituents often in their districts, rural districts than actually their Democratic counterparts. The absence of widespread fraud and the tiny potential savings from SNAP belie the purported interest sometimes in oversight.    So I look forward to the common ground. We want to make sure this program is effective and as clean as possible, but we don't want to harm in the process the people who rely on this program and use it to get back up on their feet and become productive citizens.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Concannon, we just heard the State of Maine, my goodness, all they are trying to do is make sure there is not fraud and trafficking, and they are trying to do the right thing while preserving the program and the benefits and the safety net. And Ms. Mayhew runs a big program in a small State and a big bad Federal Government is just apparently, for no reason whatsoever, preventing them from doing this commonsense thing. You weren't given an opportunity to respond. I want to give you that opportunity.    Mr. Connolly. You sound it.    Mr. Concannon.--in that State and ran this very same department for a number of years. So it's not news to me. First of all, it is an option to the State. We want the State, if States so elect, to adopt it, perfectly fine, but it has to be done in ways in which, for example, Maine, the business community was advised and trained on what to expect. There was a lot of confusion right at the outset by various--some other people in the retail business in Maine. They felt they were not really adequately trained, addressed about it. Consumers were confused about it. Was it--we sent people up to a regional office. They were unclear whether it was an option or mandatory. So we simply want it done properly. We're not opposed to it. So some of what I've heard today, you know, really greatly overstating some of these things.    Mr. Connolly. So there is another side to the story?    Mr. Connolly. And did at any point your office of the Federal Government preclude Maine from pursuing this option?    Mr. Connolly. Did you advise them they should not use the option even though ----    Mr. Connolly. Okay.    Mr. Connolly. Let the record show, Mr. Chairman, that we had contradictory testimony in that matter. Apparently, there is another side to the story.    Mr. Connolly. Ms. Dean, what would happen if we took this program and just made it a block grant? What is wrong with that?    Mr. Connolly. Please, please microphone.    Mr. Connolly. Why couldn't they do that if it were a block grant program so that Ms. Mayhew or Mr. Carroll could manage it and decide ----    Mr. Connolly.--who qualifies?    Ms. Dean.--block grants come with capped funding and that funding ----    Mr. Connolly. With what?    Mr. Connolly. Oh, so the fine print in block granting is we also cut the program?    Mr. Connolly. Ah.    Ms. Dean.--erosion due to inflation, not responding to need, and ----    Mr. Connolly. Well, let me ask a different question because, you know, I come from northern Virginia, and while we love all Virginians and we love our General Assembly, we do tremble when our fate is in the hands of Richmond. And we sometimes describe Richmond as 300 years away. And when someone wants to block grant something or give the authority to regulate to Richmond rather than directly to the recipients, say, in my corner of the world, northern Virginia, we get nervous because formulas change and urban and suburban populations often end up paying a price.    Now, if we block grant this program, could it also affect who receives benefits, not only the finite amount but could we find that States start finagling with who qualifies and who might receive what benefits?    Mr. Connolly. I can't hear you.    Mr. Connolly. Which is different than the current--the status quo today?    Mr. Connolly. So the feds under the national program decide who is entitled and who qualifies?    Mr. Connolly. Right. And so if we block grant it, that transfers that right and that authority to the States?    Mr. Connolly. And that is a mixed bag from a recipient's point of view?    Mr. Connolly. Thank you. Votes have been called, and I thank your indulgence, Mr. Chairman.