    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And thanks to all of the witnesses for being here.    As you know, the air traffic controller staffing shortages are impacting critical airports all across the United States, and especially those in the Dallas Metroplex that I have to fly out of on a weekly basis. A good example is the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport has 42 fully certified controllers on staff, and this falls way below the minimum headcount target of 48 CPCs established by the controller workforce plan, which is updated by FAA on an annual basis.    The Dallas/Fort Worth TRACON handles all arrivals and departures into and out of DFW, Dallas Love Field, and many other smaller airports in the Metroplex at 17,000 feet and below and at a radius of approximately 40 miles from DFW Airport.    The DFW TRACON is also chronically understaffed, with only 57 CPCs on staff, which is far below the target minimum of 78 CPCs. Staffing at the Dallas Love Field is also dangerously close to the established minimum of 19, with only 20 fully certified on staff. Even if we consider the CPC targets established by the joint NATCA and FAA working group, which Mr. Rinaldi referred to in his testimony, the DFW and DFW TRACON both fall far short of the minimum standing targets, regardless of the standards used. This is a dangerous precedent, which I have mentioned earlier when you were here.    My first question is, Ms. Bristol or Mr. Hampton--Ms. Bristol, you said in your testimony discussing support for facility-to-facility transfers, ``I believe such transfers can serve as a quick and viable alternative to finding certified controllers to fill in at facilities with the greatest need.'' Can either of you speak to some of the barriers preventing FAA from quickly moving staff from facilities above 90 percent of the facility-specific target for the CPCs? I have asked this question before, but I still don't have an answer. What actions are you taking to overcome these challenges? That's one.    Retirement eligibility is another serious issue facing our traffic controllers. I have had a number of them come to me to ask me to recommend they be extended. Most are, but quite a few, especially those that are noisy, are never extended. According to the FAA's own estimates, almost one-quarter, or 24 percent of the fully certified controllers nationwide, were eligible for retirement as of September 2015. And even more alarming is Mr. Hampton's statement that FAA does not sufficiently consider facility-specific information when trying to anticipate future retirement trends.    I would like to know whether the reason for this is due to the lack of available data, or if the FAA has simply failed to act when facility managers would express these concerns.    I know I have asked more than one question, but I would like an answer to all of them, especially what official steps has FAA taken to address any of the two issues that I brought up.    Ms. Johnson. What is your percentage of those that request to go beyond retirement?    Ms. Johnson. What is it?    Ms. Johnson. Anybody?    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.