    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate the opportunity to have all these bills before us today.    I would like to speak about the Strategy to Oppose Predatory Organ Trafficking Act. I want to thank Mr. Trott for his leadership on this issue.    And thanks to Mr. Smith as well for your longstanding attention to the issue of organ trafficking.    This bill, H.R. 3694, addresses an important but often underacknowledged global trafficking issue. In places all over the world, amid the millions of people enslaved into the various forms of human trafficking, are individuals trafficked specifically for the illicit purpose of removing their organs. This black market of organ trafficking finds at-risk people and entices them with money in exchange for their organs. Often these victims are poor and vulnerable to offers of money that they can then use to pay for food and basic necessities for their families.    A 2013 United Nations report found that the economic and social divisions within and among countries is similarly reflected in the most common victims of illegal organ trafficking, specifically in poor and unemployed populations. The sad reality is the people most in need of help are the easiest to fall pray by extortion by traffickers.    But this problem is global, and while victims may come from lower-income countries, the demand that keeps the illegal organ trafficking market so profitable comes from higher-income countries, including the United States. Many of our allies already list trafficking of persons for the removal of their organs as a form of human trafficking, and a number of international protocols and agreements urge countries to do more to restrict the market. These illicit activities are simply unacceptable and are against our American values.    So I am thrilled that this bill will allow our government to do its part to work against this illicit black market, including empowering the Secretary of State to deny or revoke passports to anyone convicted of organ trafficking offense and asking the State Department to keep Congress informed of what our government and other governments are doing to address this problem.    We have received support from a number of groups advocating for stronger laws against illicit trafficking of organs and better protection of victims. And I would like to specifically thank the Coalition for Organ Failure Solutions for their support.    I am proud of the attention that this committee has given to human trafficking, and I ask that we continue our strong record by acknowledging that trafficking of persons for the removal of their organs is a violation of our American values.    And I yield back the balance of my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.