    Mr. Kumar. Thank you very much, Chairman, Congressman Rohrabacher. I'm extremely pleased to be here to testify and I was thinking this may be the first time I'm testifying after a person had visited a country. Usually, we have hearings before to put pressure but you held one.    But it's one of the realities of the occasion that after the visit we are having a hearing. That says it all about President Obama's human rights commitment and the way they negotiate human rights issues along with other issues.    I also want to make sure that my written testimony is entered into the record.    Mr. Kumar. Thank you.    Amnesty International has been working on human rights in Vietnam and other countries but in Vietnam for more than three, four decades. Things have never improved.    It's improved sometimes when U.S. Presidents and others pushed and opened up a little bit. So the situation did not improve even when President Obama was about to visit.    There were two things that happened before his visit. One is the annual human rights dialogue that took place between Vietnam and the U.S. No improvement at all.    This became more of a annual exercise for the sake of having a dialogue. We thought something would happen because President Obama is about to visit.    So then just before President Obama visited, for 2 weeks before, Assistant Secretary Malinowski and from the White House senior officials were there negotiating tried to get some results. Nothing except Father Ly, who was just released a couple of weeks before his due date.    Then President Obama arrived. The administration, I will say, has misguided us before--they told us, we asked specifically, there are reports that the arms embargo will be lifted and they gave an indication that no, that's not the case.    Even though Amnesty International did not take a position, we want to know what's going on because the reports are coming.    Whether that was an intentional way of silencing us or whatever the reason, the very senior officials told us don't worry, no, no, no, we will consult you and all the rest of it.    And everyone knew that the trade agreement, TPP, was one of the main reasons--one of President Obama's legacy. He wanted to keep that as a legacy.    So these two issues were there. He went in, obviously being nice to Vietnam is to get them on board for TPP and also to everyone's surprise he announced that the arms embargo would be lifted. Okay, you have done all these things. You have given more than enough Vietnamese may have expected. But what in return you got was a slap in your face. In a nutshell, that is what happened.    While he was there, people were arrested for peacefully protesting. People were held incommunicado house arrest, tortured. And it is very rarely defined, when a U.S. President is visiting a country, a host country pretty much treats someone who this particular President, or any U.S. President, is caring and supports his people without abusing them.    That raises a serious question about how Vietnamese authorities look at President Obama's administration and also the U.S. for President Obama, as mentioned earlier, it is a slap in the face. He should have walked out.    He should have said, I am leaving until you release these folks. He didn't do it. He was there enjoying all the parties and whatever he wanted to do, getting all the goodies.    So it is disappointing. The big challenge the U.S. Government in the future will face is President Obama has lowered the bar so low that it will be very difficult for the next President whoever it may be to raise it.    So that is a big challenge that the next administration should focus and to be mindful. Otherwise, it is going to be repeated. It is not only Vietnam. Other countries will feel the same way. Okay, we can push them and they will bend over backwards if we give a trade agreement and whatever the regional stability issues.    The issues in Vietnam nearly everyone else said so I don't want to repeat. But it's really disturbing. Numerous people have been arrested. Prisoners of conscience have been imprisoned, tortured, died in custody.    The list goes on. No institution is free there. Everything is under the control of the government, even the judiciary.    So, no independent judiciary. No independent media. No independent institutions. Nothing is there. It is the government that controls everything and decides everything and lock people up--anyone who raises any voice.    So as I mentioned earlier, President Obama's trip has sent an extremely negative impression to people of Vietnam and to people around the world that you can--you don't have to take the U.S. seriously when it comes to human rights.    Thank you very much, Chairman, for inviting me and looking forward to the questions.    Mr. Kumar. At the U.N., depending on that day, the Human Rights Council member states that are there, it is having some impact, especially when the special rapporteurs give their reports. So it takes some time.    But there is some movement in that direction and also to the same point, U.S. is not a member at this moment for the last 1 year. It is running to be elected so in November we will know the results. But more than likely the U.S. will get elected.    So once it gets elected, we want U.S. to take the leadership on religious freedom issues in some countries, especially Vietnam.