    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I served in Iraq with the United States Marine Corps 2005-2006 in Al Anbar province as a civil affairs officer. And I recall the problems with that 20 percent population, the Sunnis, who were the ruling elite in the country and were no longer and, for a time, certainly didn't see any path to being equitably treated. Then you have, later on--I think we gave them that path, and then Maliki, I think, pushed them out again and created an opening for ISIS.    And so I think that, in looking at a post-ISIS Iraq, that there needs to be some kind of political accommodation for the Sunnis. And what I remember is the Kurds had gotten a provision within the constitution whereby they could form a semiautonomous region, and they have done so.    Wouldn't that make sense--if we look at the areas that have fallen to ISIS, they are all Sunni Arab areas--wouldn't that make sense, that there be some sort of a push in that direction to show the Sunni Arabs that there is a path, a political accommodation, where they could coexist with a Shia-dominated Baghdad government?    And I wonder if any of you could answer that question.    Ambassador Ford. This is exactly what I was talking to Sunni Arabs when I was in Iraq last October. And, you know, there was a time when they wouldn't have accepted it, but they have changed 180 degrees.    Mr. Coffman. Good. Good.    Ambassador Ford. So I think it would have been negotiated, obviously. And there are provisions in the Iraqi constitution, the same one that the United Nations and the United States helped them draft, but there are provisions to do that. And so, given that it is constitutionally possible and political stars are sort of starting to align that way, I could see that.    Of course, there is a real fear, Congressman, among Iraqi Shias that if you just arm a bunch of Sunnis they will come back after us again.    Mr. Coffman. Sure.    Ambassador Ford. And that is not an entirely unreasonable fear. And so that is why I said it has to be negotiated.    But I would hope that the American Embassy and our people here at the State Department are keeping an open mind about this eventuality and are prepared to engage on it. If that builds enough Sunni Arab support, then we will have more Sunni Arabs in Iraq going after the Islamic State.    Mr. Coffman. Would anybody else like to comment on that?    I just think it is very--I mean, it is a vertically integrated form of government where, without that regional autonomy, all decisions are made from Baghdad, even down to whether it is public education or it is local police or any decision. So I think there are no teeth in terms of provincial or municipal power at this point. And I think that when we talk about the Sunnis pushed out of the government, the current structure really exacerbates that.    I have a question about, it seems to me that the targeting is fairly limited. And one thing that was discussed earlier was the fact that their greatest revenue source for ISIS is their ability to tax economic activity within the territories they control.    And so it seems to me that, you know, things like these trucks that move the oil, the crude oil, those industries that are controlled by ISIS, that we should have a broader target list, not simply to hit which is a direct asset to the regime, like, say, the selling of crude oil, but also to understand that, quite frankly, their capacity to govern is based on, in part, the sustainment of that economy. And I think we have to look at degrading that economy in order to deny them that economic activity and, you know, the capacity to govern.    And I wonder if any of you can comment on that.    Mr. Coffman. Sure.    Mr. Coffman. Sure. But if you--Mr. Chairman, can I just end it on one note for the record?    The Chairman. Briefly.    Mr. Coffman. It would seem that if you--let's say those fuel trucks are not only central to revenue for the ISIS government but they are also essential for economic activity within their territories, sustaining that economy--and so, right now, we are only hitting those that we discern are directly related to ISIS. But I would argue that anything--if you say, if it moves it, we are going to hit it, and it is a tangible target, then my hope is that it wouldn't move. And that would, quite frankly, damage the economy and deny them a source of revenue from that economic activity.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Johnson.