    Mr. Rogers. I shall. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for yielding. We wish you well, and we think we are in good hands. And, Madam Secretary, it is a delight to welcome you here. Thank you for appearing.    Your Department oversees numerous entities, each uniquely charged and authorized with the stewardship of our natural resources and national heritage. Your Department was very helpful in my district just last year in working closely with the Corps of Engineers to raise the water level in Lake Cumberland back to its historic pool level, and incidentally, to save an endangered fish known as the duskytail darter.    I appreciate the expeditious manner in which your Department handled those issues. You were helpful and cooperative in every way. I also appreciate that the Department has finally observed this committee's strong insistence that you would refrain from cutting the Office of Surface Mining State Grant Programs, and proposing fees on industry as a way to make up the difference. And I am pleased to see that the budget reflects the strong objections made by this committee in previous years and discontinues the fee proposal.    Your budget request begins with an homage to President Obama's new and oft quoted mantra of middle class economics. As you well know, your Department is the steward of 20 percent of our Nation's land and accompanying resources, the largest supplier and manager of water in 17 States, the guardian of our national parks and historic areas, and the primary regulator of surface mines in the eastern U.S. So there is no question that it should play an important role in helping middle class America grow and flourish.    Unfortunately, Madam Secretary, there are a number of issues with this budget request and larger politically driven policy priorities within the Department that cause me to question the Administration's commitment to middle class growth and our country's economic and energy security.    Energy costs have a direct impact on job creation, public health, nearly every other issue of national importance. Families, schools, medical facilities, and businesses rely on cheap, reliable energy to keep our communities thriving and plan for the future. However, unrestrained regulatory requirements put forth by your Department are already raising energy costs on businesses and employees alike, forcing everyone to make tough choices and some even into the unemployment lines.    In particular, I continue to be dismayed at the efforts of this Administration to summarily scrap and rewrite the 2008 stream buffer zone rule. Your Department has invested over $8 million in a grossly mismanaged rulemaking process, trying to redraft a rule that was meticulously crafted and thoroughly studied for 5 years. The more we learn about the new rule, the more we realize what a bad deal it is.    Officials at your own Department claim that it would save no more than 15 miles of streams because in reality it would simply force the Appalachian coal industry to close its doors and set up shop somewhere else. That will have a tremendous impact on surface mining, an industry that sustains over 3,100 miners in Kentucky alone. Rewriting this rule jeopardizes thousands of jobs in a region where unemployment is already as high as 11 percent in many counties, all for the sake of miniscule environmental gains.    Though coal plants are closing around the country under the weight of costly regulations and mine operators are dragged through arduous permitting exercises, the coal industry is not the only victim of the Administration's misguided energy policies. We have seen oil exploration aggressively stymied, and much needed pipeline construction projects back burned or, worse, vetoed.    Meanwhile, the press has been flooded in recent weeks with accounts of so-called sustainable or renewable energy projects that are doing irreparable harm to the environment, sometimes at taxpayers' expense. Wind farms are devastating populations of rare birds and bats to the tune of millions per year. And solar panels are loaded with harmful pollutants and toxins.    I am certainly not an opponent of renewable energy or environmental protection, but I do oppose government meddling in the energy marketplace that results in the artificial selection of winners and losers. For Federal regulations to overtake the marketplace as the decider of our country's energy portfolio is not safe for our present or our future.    It may seem like it from Washington, but there is no winner in this approach to American energy policy. My district in Kentucky is currently facing some of the highest unemployment rates in the country, and the President's proposal to mitigate the destructive impact of his policies, the so-called Power Plus Plan, is a passing glance to communities that are in real pain.    The most significant Power Plus proposals that fall under the purview of your Department involve mandatory spending programs, meaning they will require legislative action outside of this committee to be realized. You know and I know that this is not a real proposal until it is authorized. And while it is somewhat refreshing to see this Administration finally take ownership of the devastation wrought by the President's policies, the bottom line is that these are real coal communities. We need regulatory relief so that we can keep mines open, bring back some of these high paying stable jobs, and keep electricity rates around the country low in order for businesses to flourish and for America to compete worldwide.    While we in Eastern Kentucky work together to diversify and grow our economy, we cannot lose sight of the fact that coal has kept the lights on for centuries, and that has to be a part of the conversation as we move forward. The way we handle these issues today will have a profound effect on energy security in the country. I hope that you will provide some insight as to how your Department plans to balance its dual roles of protecting our national resources and supporting the provision of reliable energy and economic opportunity. We look forward to hearing your testimony.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for yielding. Madam Secretary, the Office of Service Mining has spent more than $8 million over the past several years to develop a rule on stream protection to replace the 2008 stream buffer zone rule which was tossed out by the Court. It has been wrought with controversy, and this subcommittee and committee has taken action to stop that process every year for the last 4 years.    The main thing I wanted to ask you about is cooperation with the States. As you well know, under the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act, SMCRA, the statute by which you are claiming authority to draft this new rule, the States have the lead authority in regulating mining operations, with your Department operating merely in an oversight capacity, which means you are bound by law to work with the States in developing this rule.    And I am hearing from a number of the States saying that they are not being consulted adequately, that their suggestions are ignored, that they do not feel like they are getting proper information into developing the environmental impact statement for the rule. And I am wondering if you can tell us what kind of cooperation are you giving to the States as you discuss this proposed rule.    Mr. Rogers. Well, I know that the law, the statute on the books, mandates that you consult heavily with the States, that the States have the premier authority in regulating mining operations, and yet they tell me that it is like talking to a brick wall with your Department. The States are not being consulted properly. They say they do not feel as though OSM has incorporated any of their comments into draft statements, and they are threatening to walk away from the process all together. So something is not right here. Can you help us out?    Mr. Rogers. The few times when OSM has asked for the States for comments on draft documents, the timeframes they are given to answer are unrealistic, some less than 5 days to respond to OSM. And I know many of the States are wondering if OSM even still considers them to be a partner in the process. If this partnership is still intact, does OSM have any plans to make a more earnest effort to seek input from the States in the form of substantive comments?    Mr. Rogers. Can your Department provide this subcommittee with a memorandum of understanding that they executed with the States when this process began?    Mr. Rogers. That is my understanding.    Mr. Rogers. The States, as I said, are primarily responsible for most of the regulatory work, but yet OSM is asking for a $5.5 million increase for itself and cutting the States' grants by more than $3 million. What would that extra $5.5 million go for?    Mr. Rogers. Well, what I am talking has real consequences in real life. I have got 9,000 miners in my district laid off in the last few years. I have got able-bodied young men with families formerly making $70,000, $80,000 a year in the mining business now trying to find a job at McDonalds, unsuccessfully I might add. They have young kids. They have mortgages to pay. They are able-bodied. They are great workers, with the best work ethic in America. They are being shoved out the door, and unfortunately by their own government, and it is not right. I yield.    Mr. Rogers. Well, let me thank you for the Power+ Program. It has a lot of things going for it, and I welcome that. However, unless the law is changed, the OSM money, the Abandoned Mine Lands Fund, could only be used for reforestation, which is good. I have been pushing that for years, but it is a limited use of that money. I wish we could free up that money for economic development to bring in the new jobs of this world that we live in today, so I welcome the attempt to use that $2 or $3 billion that has been collected.    Mr. Rogers. I cannot tell you, yes, but it should be used for today's purposes. And the money came from a tax, if you will, on each town of mined coal.    Mr. Rogers. So the proceeds of that ought to be going back to those areas where it came from, but if it is only for reforestation, it would not provide that many jobs.    Mr. Rogers. Good.    Chairman Rogers. I would Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much and thanks for doing a great job of chairing this important subcommittee.    The Environmental Protection Agency was created for the purpose of protecting human health and the environment by writing and enforcing regulations based on laws passed by the Congress. States like Kentucky have benefited from a number of partnerships with EPA over the years. For example, your agency has provided much needed grants aimed at preventing radon related lung cancer in Eastern Kentucky.    You've also worked collaboratively with the Kentucky Rural Water Association to ensure the cleanliness of our drinking water and upgrade waste water systems. My constituents and I have been supportive of these programs and our partnership in these efforts for years, and we'd like to see them continue.    However, the EPA also has the ability to regulate a broad swathe of economic activity in this country, from mining, to drilling, to farming. Each of these industries is fighting every day to manage the onslaught of federal regulations promulgated by the EPA. These industries are critical to the national economy. This is why I found myself year after year, having to take deliberate steps to protect these industries and their jobs from the draconian actions the EPA has carried out.    The activities that you regulate sustain thousands of families and communities across the country. So it's important that we get things right here in Washington. That starts with setting the right priorities in the budget. Despite the fact that Congress, on a bipartisan basis, has reduced your budget request for five consecutive years, the fiscal year 2016 request we're considering today, if enacted, would be the third largest in EPA history.    And if that wasn't enough, the budget request also includes $4 billion in new mandatory spending, to implement the greenhouse gas regulations that are shuttering power plants all over the country and causing coal mines to close. Any proposal involving mandatory spending programs, as you know, requires legislative action, outside of this committee's jurisdiction.    And you know as do I, that that's not a real proposal until it's authorized. As I've expressed to you many times, I continue to be disappointed with the way this agency approaches its regulatory mission. I simply cannot accept a 6 percent increase in your funding, when by all accounts the EPA is still working hard to eliminate more steady, well paying jobs in the coal industry.    This administration's attack on coal country has left 9000 miners jobless, just since the president took office. And while it's refreshing to see the administration take ownership of these devastating losses in coal country through its so-called Power Plus Plan, the president is missing the point. For centuries this country has run on coal. Businesses large and small rely on cheap, reliable energy to remain competitive in the world and at home.    Drawn out rule making processes and bureaucratic overreach, create uncertainty that will inevitably raise energy costs and threaten American jobs. Not to mention the threat of brownouts and blackouts in the power of America's grid. For the life of me, I can't understand why you continue to wage this war, despite the outcry from Congress and the American people, in the name of climate change, global warming. I remind you that just this past week in my district in the middle south of the country, we had two consecutive nights of 17 below zero with a foot and a half of snow on the ground. It has been there for a month or more.    Global warming?    Not only is EPA appending the permitting process for new applicants. The agency is now retroactively denying permits that the Corps of Engineers had already approved years before. How can an American business operate in that kind of an environment? Knowing that this agency could shut down their operation despite their adherence to regulatory requirements?    That comes on top of looming proposals to shut down coal fired power plants by creating standards that can only be met by employing technology that's not yet available. It's impossible. Now we have before us your budget request calling for the largest regulatory budget ever for your agency, so it can continue to carry out these wrong headed policies.    I'm even more concerned about your efforts to redefine, ``waters of the US.'' And expand your regulatory jurisdiction over thousands of streams and tributaries across the country. Since your agency proposed this new rule around this time last year, you've received almost one million comments on that subject. These comments are from cities, states, businesses, coal miners, utility providers, farmers, countless other industries, all concerned about the potential impact of this rule on their livelihood.    Assistant Secretary of the Army for Public Works, Jo-Ellen Darcy testified here two weeks ago that the overwhelming majority of these comments were made in opposition to your proposal. Roughly 60 percent in fact. A large part of this criticism stems from the level of uncertainty that this proposed rule has generated.    Supposedly this proposal was issued to clarify jurisdictional boundaries for property owners and governing bodies. In reality it's done just the exact opposite. This committee has been consistently asking for more clarity on some of the terms utilized in the proposal, such as ``tributary, ephemeral stream,'' but we haven't got that yet. And that's all important.    We just continue to hear promises from your agency that answers are forthcoming. That you'll get them to us. Well, our employers in the country can't do business with this kind of uncertainty. Employees in the mining industry certainly can't get peace of mind as jobs continue to disappear all around them due to this agency's policies.    These topics are critical to the survival of thousands of families throughout the area that I represent and all of Appalachia and other energy producing regions across the country. I look forward to hearing your testimony and hearing how you plan to work with the states and with employers in the country to get our energy economy moving again. Thank you.    Chairman Rogers. Thank you Mr. Chairman. Let me talk to you a bit about the Waters of the US proposed rule. EPA has been driving the ship on this effort with the Corps to redefine Waters of the U.S. under the Clean Water Act. That new rule would constitute the largest increase of federal jurisdiction over our country's public and private water ways in history, even allowing federal regulators to police so-called seasonal or rain dependent streams.    In the omnibus bill that we are operating under now, we included a bipartisan provision requiring the Corps and EPA to withdraw certain portions related to agriculture. And just yesterday our colleagues in another house committee had some very strong words about the onslaught of federal regulations coming from EPA and other agencies that constrain how we mine coal in this country, how we burn coal, even how we will export coal to developing nations in desperate need of affordable, reliable energy options.    Obviously, many have concerns that you're circumventing Congress's clear opposition to these extreme environmental regulations, and considering that your budget request includes millions of additional dollars for lawyers to defend and litigate these rules, I think it's fair to assume from that that you're also concerned about their legality.    Despite these concerns and despite the strong criticism from Congress and the public, your testimony today maintains that the EPA's clean air and clean water rules are actually helping the U.S. economy. Can you explain, ma'am, how these rules are helping the 9000 laid off miners in my district who are now out of work?    Chairman Rogers. Well, the proposed Waters of the U.S Rule was put forth, allegedly, to alleviate confusion over jurisdictional boundaries. However, this proposal, which I call the largest jurisdictional grab in recent history, seems to have only created more confusion over what will and will not be excluded under federal jurisdiction.    Industries and private landowners are alarmed that nearly every tributary would now be heavily regulated. And if they wanted to try to use some of that land for a shopping center development or a farm or a covert on a farm or an irrigation canal or the like, they would have to come to D.C. to get a waiver or some sort of license or permission to proceed. No wonder they're confused and scared and frightened. I mean that's an alarming possibility for almost every American.    Are you planning to maintain your definition of terms that have contributed to that confusion, such as a ephemeral streams? Is that the way you say it?    Chairman Rogers. Can we expect any clarifications on these broad terms that seem to include just about every body of water, so far.    Chairman Rogers. My understanding is that 60 percent of almost a million responses have been negative.    Chairman Rogers. It's incredible to me how the EPA and the Corps look at the same data, the same responses and come to two vastly different interpretations. I mean one of you is wrong.    Chairman Rogers. How would you go about determining exactly which kinds of tributaries, streams or even ditches, dry ditches, would be classified as either exempt or as part of your jurisdiction? How do you go about that? I mean we are talking hundreds of thousands of streams and bodies of water and dry ditches that get water once every 20 years or less. How do you go about doing that?    Chairman Rogers. Well, just in my mountainous Kentucky district, there are thousands of little creeks and streams and rivulets flowing through private property, alongside private property, tens of thousands of them. How would that farmer that lives on Buck Creek in Pulaski County, how is he to know whether or not he needs to come up here and get your permission?    Chairman Rogers. Why do we need to change the way we are doing business now?    Chairman Rogers. I think you're into a really big-time briar patch that's going to be really difficult, impossible, I think, to do. Not to mention that it's infringing on private property rights, states' rights and the like. Even our military bases are concerned that they can't use the land they have to operate and train.    Chairman Rogers. Mr. Chairman, I have other questions I'll delay until later.