    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks for calling this hearing on a day when we're out of session.    For over a century, the railway industry has supported thousands of well-paying jobs across our Nation, including more than 16,000 railroad workers and retirees in the Commonwealth of Virginia. We all ought to be proud of this American success story.    The Railroad Retirement Board was created in the 1930's to administer retirement, unemployment, sickness, and survivor benefit programs for railroad workers and their families. In that era, railroad workers had a well developed pension plan but sought to expand it to a national retirement system because Social Security was still in the planning stages. The results of those workers' efforts and legislation is what we see today, one of the largest pension funds, worth more than $26 billion last year. The most impressive aspect of this retirement plan is that it is solely funded by fees collected from railroad workers and rail employees. In fact, railroad workers have historically had more money deducted from their paychecks to pay for their retirement than most individuals contribute to Social Security for theirs.    The bottom line is that the RRB is responsible for administering a vital safety net that Is only funded by and only benefits America's railroad workers and families who are not eligible to claim Social Security benefits. Today we're here to discuss oversight of disability benefits programs provided by the railroad retirement system. Concerns have legitimately been raised about the vulnerability for fraud in those programs. This is an important discussion because it's against the background of the Long Island Rail Road retiree fraud, in which the RRB and its inspector general initially failed to detect widespread false claims for occupational disability benefits.    Fortunately, a team consisting of the Department of Justice and the OIG was eventually able to uncover the fraud and bring those responsible to justice. Let's be clear, all stakeholders abhor and condemn in the strongest possible terms the massive fraud perpetrated by LIRR retirees, doctors, and disability facilitators. In fact, railroad workers and their families were likely the most outraged about it since it's their money that solely funds the RRB-administered pension fund, and, ultimately, any theft from that fund comes out of their pockets. Indeed, no group in America has a greater incentive to enhance RRB's ability to detect and prevent disability fraud than our Nation's railroad workers since it's their money, and theirs alone, which will rise to compensate for any theft from the fund.    In 2014, GAO found that the RRB is at risk for making improper payments to individuals who did not qualify for occupational disability benefits because there's no systematic way to evaluate potential fraudulent claims or prevent fraud. GAO also found that the RRB was not sufficiently committed to fraud awareness throughout the agency. GAO and the IG has produced several recommendations to improve the integrity of the disability programs. And it's important to note the RRB is implementing a set of initiatives to strengthen fraud detection and prevention pursuant to GAO recommendations.    For example, the RRB now requires independent medical exams for all disability applicants, as opposed to relying on medical evidence submitted by the applicant. The RRB is also expanding its fraud awareness training beyond its headquarters to apply to all staff. It's important we bring balance to this hearing. The vast majority of dedicated and hard-working railroad retirees who participate in disability programs are honest and deserving recipients of the earned benefits that they and other railroad workers solely funded.    Mr. Chairman, this is personal for me. My mother's side of the family were all railroad men. My grandfather made very little, didn't have much of a pension, and died prematurely because, frankly, of the toxic effects of the exhaust he was subjected to every day. My uncles and their uncles were all railroad men. And they were hard-working people who certainly didn't cheat the system. And I think they were in great company.    I just want to say that because I know from personal experience what working on the railroad can be like. And it's hard work. And it takes a lot out of the body over a number of years. And I hope we--I know you and I hope and certainly believe my colleagues will respect that fact.    As with any program, there are always unscrupulous individuals who are dishonest and seek to perpetrate fraud. And it's vital we uncover those individuals and bring them to justice. However, it would be deeply unfair to presume that the majority of participants are dishonest based on those few bad actors. Further, we must exercise caution in advancing solutions to ensure that we do not adversely impact the thousands of railroad retirees who work hard and played by the rules, like my grandfather and my uncles. For instance, while high approval rates for disability benefits may indicate a higher risk of fraud, it's an imprecise indicator. Depending on the structure of a given plan, it's also plausible that a program might feature high integrity and high approval rates.    Moving forward, Congress should provide the RRB with a fair opportunity to implement the recommendations made by the GAO and the IG and gauge how well they are working. By doing so, we can avoid punishing the majority of railroad workers who have done nothing wrong because of the transgressions of a few; protect the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust that is funded by our Nation's hard-working railroad workers.    I look toward to the testimony of our witnesses today. And I thank the chair for his courtesy.    Mr. Connolly. I just want to say, Mr. Chairman, before Mr. Walberg, I have to fly to Fairfax at some point.    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Chairman, in the spirit of comity, if there are colleagues on your side who are pressed because of a flight, I will reserve my time and defer to them if anyone needs it.    Mr. Connolly. Certainly.    Mr. Dickman, in 2007, the IG, your IG office, not you personally, issued the following Statement with respect to the RRB: ``The RRB has adequate controls to provide a reasonable assurance that disability applications are processed in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. There are sufficient edits and checks in the RRB computer system to provide assurance that the information on the disability application is correct and, therefore, the occupational disability decisions are based on correct information.'' Do you recall that?    Mr. Connolly. OK. So, obviously, today, we would have to disavow that assessment.    Mr. Connolly. Right. I'm not trying to make the case to discredit the IG. I'm simply pointing out that we've learned a lot with that Statement.    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Bertoni, prior to 2008, did the GAO make any adverse findings against the RRB?    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Schwartz?    Mr. Connolly. There's some confusion here. You went through a long laundry list of improvements based on both the IG and GAO reports. And yet Mr. Bertoni's testimony is we haven't seen a plan yet. In a sense, he's saying everything you're saying is all news to him formally. He may have heard of it. But, in terms of a formal response, here's an action plan--I mean, how many recommendations were there in the GAO report, Mr. Bertoni?    Mr. Connolly. Five? How many have you implemented or are you planning to implement? And when do you intend to notify the     Mr. Connolly. All five?    Mr. Connolly. So you agree with his Statement that part of the problem here is, ``we're here to pay,'' culture?    Mr. Connolly. OK.    Mr. Dickman, you indicated that we still have a 98 percent approval rating of disability claims. And I assume, by citing that, you think that's way too high and obviously allows for fraud?    Mr. Connolly. What would be a number that you would be comfortable with?    Mr. Connolly. I'm running out of time, unfortunately. But, Mr. Schwartz, I would like you to respond to that, 98 percent?    I mean, Mr. Dickman is basically saying, by definition, you've got fraud going on when the number is that high. And one other thing I would like you to respond because, in Mr. Dickman's testimony, he also called into question the medical examination process. It's cursory and obviously some doctors are corrupt, as we learned in Long Island. So what are you doing to rotate doctors; to try to minimize fraud and corruption and collusion; and to have a more thorough examination so that the results are more credible?    Mr. Connolly. Start with the 98 percent first.    Mr. Connolly. Would my friend--would my friend just yield for a clarification?    Mr. Connolly. I thank my friend. I'm not understanding your answer, Mr. Schwartz, to my friend from Wisconsin. Are you saying that 18 percent of the total awards, 18 percent of the total awards are for disability? Workforce?    Mr. Connolly. OK.    Mr. Connolly. I thank the chair.    Mr. Schwartz, you have got a 98 percent approval rating?    Mr. Connolly. Do you think that is too high?    Mr. Connolly. Yes, Mr. Schwartz, Mr. Dickman has just testified that when you get to 98 percent, it is virtually an entitlement program. It has gone far beyond what its original purpose was. Do you share that view, or do you think 98 percent is--I'm honestly asking because, in my opening Statement, I said in and of itself, a high rate of approval need not mean fraud. It could mean people are self-selecting when they apply, and it is corroborated. But 98 percent to a layman and to Mr. Dickman, your IG, seems to be a warning sign flashing something is fundamentally, systemically wrong with the whole process of how we evaluate disability claims. I'm asking you, as Chairman of the RRB, do you share that concern? Would you agree?    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Dickman and Mr. Bertoni, the Long Island Rail Road fraud, obviously, none of us were suspecting that was going on in earlier years, but in light of the fact that it did happen, and it was so stunning, do we believe that that was a bad apple but not characteristic of the system, or do we now believe that the LIRR case reveals systemic problems that won't go away until and unless we reform the system? I mean, what is your--what lessons should we be learning from the Long Island case?    Maybe, Mr. Bertoni, give you the chance to go first, and then Mr.----    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Chairman, my time is up.    And I thank you, Mr. Dickman, Mr. Bertoni.    I guess what I'm not satisfied with, is, well, what are the lessons learned and how are we applying them to ensure that kind of fraud, systemic fraud, cannot recur? And I'm not getting, I don't feel reassured--not your fault, but, I mean, I don't feel reassured from the answers that we are headed in that direction. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.