    Ms. Thayer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Members of the Committee.    From April 1991 to December 2008, I was employed by Planned Parenthood of the Heartland as center manager of its Storm Lake and Le Mars, Iowa, clinics. I spent 17 years learning from the inside out just how Planned Parenthood works. I concluded that no business, certainly no healthcare business, should view a woman's body as a profit center, but that is what Planned Parenthood is all about. They're more concerned with profits than about the health of women.    When I first began working for Planned Parenthood, I was convinced that I was serving my community and the health needs of women. As the parent of 5 children, including 3 adopted kids, and a foster mom to 130 kids over the past 28 years, I didn't fit well into Planned Parenthood's corporate culture. Though during my initial interview I expressed concerns about abortion, I was hired and promoted by Planned Parenthood. I believed that I could help reduce abortion and serve women.    Over time, I learned that I was wrong to trust Planned Parenthood. I'm here today because all people need to know the truth about Planned Parenthood.    In 2002, the remains of a newborn, a full-term child, were discovered in a trash dump in my small Iowa town. After determining that the child had been born alive, the sheriff investigating the murder of this child came to my clinic to seek medical records of potential suspects.    I assumed that Planned Parenthood would want to cooperate with this criminal investigation. Instead, Planned Parenthood turned the murder into a fundraising opportunity and falsely claimed that all women's health records would be compromised and that a woman's right to abortion was under attack. As it often seems to do, Planned Parenthood raised thousands of dollars from this sordid event.    Like most of Iowa's Planned Parenthood clinics, birth control pills were dispensed to patients without the patients ever having been seen by a medical professional. Once a week, a nurse practitioner would come to the Planned Parenthood clinics to sign off on birth control prescriptions that had been dispensed the prior week.    In 2007, I learned more about the truth of Planned Parenthood when it implemented webcam abortion. Here is how this was to work: A woman with a positive pregnancy test would be offered a webcam abortion on the spot so she couldn't change her mind. Next, a nonmedical clinic assistant with minimal training would perform a transvaginal ultrasound and scan the image to a doctor in another location. The doctor would briefly talk to the woman by a Skype television connection. Then the doctor could push a button on her computer that opened a drawer in which were the abortion pills. The woman was told to take one set of pills at the clinic and then, to complete her abortion, take the second set of pills at home 48 hours later.    Planned Parenthood instructed its clinic workers to tell women who experienced complications at home to report to their local ER. The women were told to say they were experiencing a miscarriage, not that they had undergone a chemical abortion.    Planned Parenthood cut its costs to the bone by performing webcam abortions with virtually no overhead--no onsite doctors, no real medical staff, very little equipment, and no expense for travel to a remote clinic. And yet it charged women the same fee for a chemical abortion as it did for a surgical abortion. Webcam abortion is obviously a big moneymaker for Planned Parenthood.    I expressed my concerns to Planned Parenthood management that webcam abortions were unsafe and possibly illegal. Today, Planned Parenthood's webcam abortion scheme is so financially successful it's been implemented in both Iowa and Minnesota. They touted it as the first in the Nation and had plans to expand webcam abortion to every State.    After I left Planned Parenthood, I realized that it had been fraudulently billing Iowa Medicaid's program. It had filed false Medicaid claims totaling about $28 million. First, through its C-Mail program, it dispensed without a prescription medically unnecessary oral contraceptive pills to Medicaid patients. Second, it billed Medicaid for abortion-related services, in violation of Federal law. Third, it coerced donations from patients, in violation of Medicaid regulations.    Each of these initiatives was implemented to benefit Planned Parenthood's bottom line. None benefited women's health. Planned Parenthood is organized as a tax-exempt nonprofit; nevertheless, these are some of the reasons that it has reported $765 million in excess revenue over the last 10 years.    When I first began working at Planned Parenthood, I trusted them and thought its leaders knew what was right, but I learned that it could not be trusted. In fact, it does not deserve to be trusted by any American, woman or man. Planned Parenthood is more concerned about its bottom line than it is about the health and safety of women.    Thank you.    Ms. Thayer. Officially, Planned Parenthood is a nonprofit, but their main concern is really their bottom line. We would have monthly managers' meetings via the very Web cam system that they installed to do the abortions. And on a spreadsheet, they would have our goals, our quotas, for every single service and supply that we had. If we met our goal, that square would be green. If we were 5 percent below, it would be yellow. And if we were 10 percent below our quota, it would be red, and we would have to have a corrective action plan on how to correct that.    And abortion was one of those items. If we didn't do abortions at that center, then we had a goal for abortion referrals.    Ms. Thayer. Well, they are all about the profit. For example, they purchase birth control pills for $2.98 a cycle, bill the Iowa taxpayers $35 a cycle, are reimbursed a little over $26, and then they solicit from the very women that Ms. Fredrickson referred to as very low income, at or below poverty level, a $10 donation per cycle for each pill that goes out, each cycle of pills.    Ms. Thayer. I'm sorry.    Ms. Thayer. That's okay.    Ms. Thayer. No, ma'am.    Ms. Thayer. No, ma'am.    Ms. Thayer. Well, I ran a nonprofit for almost 18 years.    Ms. Thayer. No, but I did have an understanding that----    Ms. Thayer. One my biggest concerns was why they were soliciting donations, requiring donations from Medicaid-eligible women, and I knew that that wasn't right.    Ms. Thayer. I did that every day that I worked there. Their pills are $35. The donation is $10; will it be cash or credit?    Ms. Thayer. No, there was never----    Ms. Thayer. Cornerstone for Life.    Ms. Thayer. I get a stipend.    Ms. Thayer. $1,000 a month.    Ms. Thayer. Usually, I don't get paid at all.    Ms. Thayer. I'm not getting paid to be here.    Ms. Thayer. Two wrongs don't make a right. Sperm meets egg. Unique DNA. Heartbeat at 21 days. It's never okay to have an abortion. We have 57 million missing people since 1973.    Ms. Thayer. Well, actually, no, I didn't.    Ms. Thayer. No. I started there as a clinic assistant, and     Ms. Thayer. Well, that's what they say, but I'm----    Ms. Thayer. I was--they were downsizing.    Ms. Thayer. No, that's not correct.    Ms. Thayer. I loved my work there. There were things that happened there that I knew were wrong, like making----    Ms. Thayer. Indeed, I do. I don't think one more dime of taxpayer money should go to an organization that's wrought with fraud.    Ms. Thayer. I do, a whistleblower.    Ms. Thayer. We never really talked about that.    Ms. Thayer. Well, I don't need a Lamborghini, and my Ford Fiesta is paid for, so I don't know what I would do with that.    Ms. Thayer. Right. Telling the truth is what matters.    Ms. Thayer. I guess I would ask the same question.    Ms. Thayer. I guess I would ask how much money they asked from Tiffany after they did her Pap smear.    Ms. Thayer. It would be 50 percent of whatever her charges were that day.    Ms. Thayer. If she would have gone to a federally qualified health center, it would have been free.    Ms. Thayer. Well, in my town, it's four blocks from the Planned Parenthood.    Ms. Thayer. Well, there's 20 free clinics for every one Planned Parenthood. I mean, compared to Planned Parenthoods, they're everywhere.    Ms. Thayer. There's typically one, probably, per affiliate.    Ms. Thayer. Yes. They do lobbying, and they run the PAC, you know, the political action committee, Planned Parenthood.    Ms. Thayer. Yes, indeed. They make donations to many----    Ms. Thayer. Zero. Planned Parenthood does not do mammograms.    Ms. Thayer. Zero.    Ms. Thayer. Yes.    Ms. Thayer. Well, there's 13 in Iowa every day, and think of it as a kindergarten class every 2 days.    Ms. Thayer. No, not exactly.    Ms. Thayer. Yes, they do. They have a PAC.    Ms. Thayer. No. I don't remember. It's just called a PAC.    Ms. Thayer. Yes.    Ms. Thayer. No. That wouldn't surprise me at all.    Ms. Thayer. No.    Ms. Thayer. Well, one thing they could do with it is take some of that money and put doctors or nurse practitioners in the rural centers. In Planned Parenthood in Iowa, we had a nurse practitioner 2 hours a week. And in my almost 18 years there, we had a doctor in the facility probably 3 or 4 times. So all those pills are being dispensed by nonmedical people. I think that would be a much better use of their money.    Ms. Thayer. Yes, very much so.    Ms. Thayer. In Iowa, they marketed the family planning waiver, spent lots and lots of money at the expense of staff raises that year, and made it sound like the family planning waiver was their own creation. And it was actually State dollars.    Ms. Thayer. Well, and the really important----    Ms. Thayer. It's important to remember that all those FQHCs have doctors there. And they don't charge Medicaid-eligible women, unlike Planned Parenthood.    Ms. Thayer. Well, I would consider it a violation of medical ethics to do Web cam abortions without ever seeing the client or expecting nonmedical people to do medical procedures.    Ms. Thayer. Right, about.    Ms. Thayer. Yes.    Ms. Thayer. That already come up, yes.    Ms. Thayer. I did. They were downsizing, let me go.    Ms. Thayer. Correct.    Ms. Thayer. Correct. False Claims Act.    Ms. Thayer. Correct.    Ms. Thayer. The what?    Ms. Thayer. Yes.    Ms. Thayer. Correct.    Ms. Thayer. I said we hadn't discussed it. I had not discussed it with my attorney.    Ms. Thayer. No, sir.    Ms. Thayer. Correct.    Ms. Thayer. I don't know. We've never discussed that.    Ms. Thayer. Sir, for me, this is not about the money.    Ms. Thayer. Yeah, it is not about the money. I'm here to try to tell the truth about Planned Parenthood and what I experienced in all those years there.    Ms. Thayer. I engaged in fraud every single day that I was there.    Ms. Thayer. It was dismissed at district court and then reinstated by the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals.    Ms. Thayer. Well, sir, the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the district court. And it's now back in district court. We're waiting on a ruling from them.