    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you so much to my colleague, and thank you for this panel. This is awesome. And, Ranking Member McNerney, I don't know if he had mentioned, because I had to step out, that we co-chair the Grid Innovation Caucus together, and we are very, very excited and energized, no pun intended, on this issue and all of the significance of it.    And, Mr. Kamen, I can't agree with you more, when it comes to thermodynamics and then when you are talking about what we do here, it makes absolutely no sense. You are talking about logic and facts, and unfortunately, many times those things do not fit into what we do here, unfortunately. So, you know, it is so funny, I have my list of questions and I have changed up, you know, as I am listening to the conversation because I want to ask everything and, obviously, I can't.    I do want to get to the question of the hurdles that are in place, that are standing in the way of us moving forward with more of the grid innovation, and how do we pay for this, what do we do, how can we do a better job as legislators just being able to tell your story and the advancements that can happen. You know, I just believe that when we are talking about energy, and long-term energy policy for our future of this country, we have the grid technology as a part of that conversation. It is just so vital to our future.    You know, Mr. Atkinson, I just want to go back to the conversation we have been having about the, you know, how we incorporate analytics into everything that we are doing, and obviously, that is a big part. As far as your ability to improve the way you forecast how energy will be used into the future, and the supply that is needed, are your companies incorporating these things, do you have that capability, and are there metrics in place now where we can start measuring the efficiencies and the improvements?    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Yes. And, Mr. Christiansen, you--I can see that you want to comment on that as well.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. One of the things that I have learned over time is for my rural electric co-ops, the importance of the smart meters for consumers and how they have been able to really have that dynamic relationship with their providers, so that they can actually control cost. So I would just like to add to that in my 5 seconds left. Thank you on behalf of the customers of our rural electric co-ops because you are providing for them the--this vital piece so that they can actually be doing a better job in their costs every day. So thank you. And thank you to the panel. You guys are awesome.