    Mr. Duss. Chairman DeSantis, Ranking Member Lynch, members of the subcommittee, thank you very much for inviting me here to speak to you on this timely issue.    In the 10 years since it commenced, the BDS movement has slowly but steadily risen in visibility. I would like to focus today on the role that this movement has been playing recently in the United States, particularly with regard to recent congressional legislation.    In order to do that, I want to first take a moment to identify just what we are talking about when we discuss BDS.    This movement has three main demands. The first is an end to the occupation that began in 1967. The second is equal rights for Palestinian citizens within Israel. The third is protecting and promoting the rights of Palestinian refugees to return to their homes in what is today Israel.    This movement is distinct from many peace activists in Israel, Palestine, the United States, Europe, and elsewhere who support boycotts of settlement products and divestment of businesses profiting from the 48-year-old occupation of the West Bank, Gaza, and East Jerusalem as part of an effort to preserve the possibility of a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.    Crucially, the BDS movement is also distinct from the recent moves by the European Union to more aggressively distinguish between Israel within the pre-1967 lines, known as the Green Line, and the occupied territories.    This is where we come to the recent trade legislation by Congress and the response from the State Department. With the stated intention of protecting Israel from BDS, the recently passed Trade Promotion Authority contained a provision that implied a significant shift in the policy of the United States since 1967. The provision requires the U.S. Trade Representative to discourage European Union countries from boycotting, ``Israel or persons doing business in Israel or Israeli-controlled territories.''    This is why I think it was important and appropriate for the State Department to offer a clarification, as it did upon passage of the trade bill, stating that the U.S. will continue to make the distinction between Israel and the occupied territories, as the United States has done since 1967.    Now, I can talk more about this in the Q&A, and my written statement contains more detailed analysis, but, to the extent that one sees BDS actions as part of an effort to delegitimize Israel--and I think that's clearly the case with regard to a number of the leaders of the movement--they should certainly be addressed but, I would advise, not through legislation. Israel has protections it needs and deserves under existing U.S. Law. The arguments raised by the BDS movement in academic and other civil society institutions should be addressed in the American tradition, with thoughtful, considered, and ethical counter-arguments.    I would also take a moment here to suggest that it is a mistake to focus on the BDS movement while ignoring the main reason for its continued growth, which is the failure to end the occupation that began in 1967 and achieve Palestinian freedom and sovereignty. If one is genuinely concerned about the impact of the BDS movement, the surest way to take the wind out of its sails and arrest its growth would be to work to achieve those goals and act against efforts which prevent or foreclose them.    Moreover, it would be counterproductive to give BDS an unearned victory here by cooperating in any way with the conflation of Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories. We can and must support Israel in defending herself against actions that genuinely threaten her security and legitimacy. This has been a consistent American position since Israel's birth.    Another consistent American position, however, has been in opposing the creation of Israeli settlements, which have been deemed illegitimate and an obstacle to peace by every U.S. President since 1967. Efforts to blur that distinction are just as dangerous to Israel's existence as a Jewish and democratic state as attacks on Israel's legitimacy itself. It is entirely consistent with longstanding U.S. policy, and, indeed, necessary to preserve the ultimate goal of a two-state solution, to continue to make that distinction in U.S. Policy and law.    I thank you, gentlemen, for your time and attention and look forward to your questions.    Mr. Duss. Thank you for the question.    I think the principle was that the State Department was insisting on continuing consistency in U.S. policy, which is one of distinction between Israel, the state of Israel, and the occupied territories----    Mr. Duss. As a matter of official policy, I believe it was President George W. Bush who first articulated specifically and explicitly that the two-state solution was the policy of the United States.    Mr. Duss. The BDS movement does not make claims about outcomes. It claims to be a rights-based movement. I think, looking at the statements of a number of BDS leaders, it is clear that quite a few of them do not support the existence of Israel. They support other solutions.    This is why I think it was very important, and it is very important, as I said in my opening statement, to distinguish between those who support economic action against Israel as a whole, such as the BDS movement, and those who support targeted action against the settlements, such as people in Israel, people in the United States, people in Europe, including the     This is exactly what the EU measures being discussed now focus on. This is not boycott. This is the EU just enforcing its own laws, focusing on its own economic activities with Israel. This is the EU saying to Israel, we want to do business with you, we want you to continue to be a favored trading partner; however, our own laws prevent us from engaging with these entities across the Green Line.    Mr. Duss. I think what the State Department was saying--and this is a view that we share very closely with our European allies--is that, for the U.S. And its partners to be able to broker a peace in which the disposition of these territories will be decided bilaterally between negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians, we cannot acquiesce due to the conflation of these territories in advance.    Mr. Duss. Yes. Thank you.    I think for many in the more extreme elements of BDS--and, again, this is why I think the distinction between those who focus on the settlements in the occupied territories and who recognize the legitimacy of Israel, the security, and the continued existence of Israel and whose goal is the two-state solution--you need to make a distinction between those and the BDS, who do not recognize Israel's legitimacy, and they see all of Israel and the occupied territories as illegitimate.    And I think by conflating those things, by treating all boycotts and all economic pressure as just another part of BDS, you make the BDS movement out to be much stronger and much larger than it is.    Mr. Duss. Thank you, Ranking Member.    I don't want to waste too much time on those. I would--you know, with regard to my father and my brother, they have both dedicated their lives to doing humanitarian work around the world, and I am very proud of them. So I think there have been statements they may have said in the past that have been taken out of context.    And with my own work, as well, I stand behind everything I have ever written. And as I have said earlier here in this hearing and will continue to say, I stand for a two-state solution. The security and the continued existence of the state of Israel and the rights and self-determination of the Palestinian people--that's the focus of my work, and that's the reason I am here today.    I would like to address the point about the BDS movement and is it focusing on any other countries. I think it is quite fair to bring up other abusive regimes and are they focused. I think Iran, for one, is the focus of a major international sanctions campaign on a whole range of issues. Those sanctions related to its nuclear program, if the deal goes through, will slowly be taken off. But it would still be focused, it will still be pressured on human rights issues and terrorism issues.    But I think the key point to keep in mind here is that the BDS movement, agree or disagree with it, is driven by Palestinian civil society and a call by Palestinian civil society groups from 2005 to focus economic pressure on Israel. In that way, I think it is quite easy to understand why the Palestinians--they are not being occupied by other countries. They are being occupied, in their view, by Israel. That's why Israelis the focus of their campaign.    One other quick response to my colleague Mr. Kontorovich's comment about boycotts in law. I think it is important, again, that we keep coming back to this point about distinction. I would distinguish between civil society actions and law and, for example, the Arab boycott. These are countries that are boycotting Israel as a state. Those are countries; these are not civil society actors.    And, again, here is the distinction with the EU. The way that the EU is defining and enforcing its own laws is with regard to making a distinction between the occupied territories and with Israel. They are happy and want to increase trade with the state of Israel, but they want to be careful to make a distinction between Israel and the occupied territories.    Thank you.