    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you to the witnesses for being here, and I will try to speak softly so I put out less carbon dioxide.    I am reading an article from yesterday, and it was in numerous publications, but it is saying that the Arctic ice cap has not, contrary to the predictions of climate alarmists, completely disappeared. In fact, it has been growing rapidly, increasing by almost a third just in 2013 and more since. It would suggest that the sea ice is more resilient perhaps. If you get one more year of cooler temperatures, we would almost wind the clock back a few years on this gradual decline that has been happening over the decades.    And that was what Rachel Tilling was telling the BBC, but the Arctic ice has, indeed, chewed up a bit and it goes on to talk about its thickness and its size. Does anybody have an answer for what is causing the increased ice in the Arctic?    Mr. Gohmert. And I do appreciate information, Dr.--tell me how to pronounce your name?    Mr. Gohmert. Dayaratna. Thank you.    Because this was something that I had been thinking about not from a scientific standpoint, but from the standpoint that I am in now, and that is representing 700,000-plus people in east Texas. But talking especially to my seniors, they tell me that there is a tremendous social cost in not being able to warm yourself in your home in wintertime, there is a tremendous social cost in not being able to cool yourself in east Texas in the summertime, that there is a tremendous social cost in not being able to heat their food to the point that it kills bacteria, and that there is a tremendous social cost in not having advanced emergency rooms and operating rooms to take care of them when they have a problem.    So I appreciate you taking that social cost into consideration because, especially my seniors, but I think everybody in Texas appreciates what we are able to do and improve not just our standard of living, but our ability to live, and that should be factored in.    Dr. Michaels, I was reading here that the warming of the late 20th century as well as the cessation of warming that occurred since 1998 fall well within the range of natural climate variability. That seems to be an ongoing issue.    If I understand right from history, which was my major in college, at the time of Eric the Red and others sailing, actually things appear to have been warmer in Greenland than they are today, more ability to farm.    Does anybody care to comment on that?    Mr. Gohmert. Pardon?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, were they able to farm?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, they obviously were not taking accurate temperatures back then, but from what data we have, was it warmer back in those days----    Mr. Gohmert . Than it is today?    Mr. Gohmert. Yes.    Mr. Gohmert. Well, apparently there were a lot of carbon emissions from those sailing vessels that came across the Atlantic.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    I assume I am going down the road with you.    OK. Mr. Cartwright.