    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Gil, of course, I am glad we are having this hearing. It is important to hear from the end-users on how this process works or the difficulties of it. You didn't have a whole lot of time earlier. Could you elaborate a little more on the burdens that are imposed on the end-users by this amount of data that is required? Would you care to elaborate a little bit more on what that really looks like and what kind of a barrier that might actually be towards trading?    Mr. LaMalfa. And how much do you think that has created a barrier with international transactions?    Mr. LaMalfa. This isn't the first time it has come up. Ever since I have been on this Committee, it has been a topic that has been a source of frustration with trying to--more harmonization is needed between the U.S. and European concerns. Please.    Mr. LaMalfa. The level of detail Mr. Neugebauer was talking about as well, the amount of data, the number of fields expanding, how do you find that as being really helpful or what do you think the theory is, or how that would even actually be helpful? We have a lot of data. We have a lot of data to keep track of. Is it secure enough? At the end of the day, is it useful to anybody on the regulatory end?    Mr. LaMalfa. It seems like one could get lost in all that, and I don't know if it is even looked at on the regulatory end anyhow. Ms. Collazo alluded to that as well.    Mr. Rogers, again, we are hearing multiple times whether here in this room, I had others in my office complaining about the overload of information as it affects credit unions in the Dodd-Frank situation and just a lot of frustration with what many people feel are unneeded levels of information. The harmonization problem across the border is huge since I have been here hearing these testimonies over time.    What do you see are really the biggest differences between the United States and G20 members on these reporting requirements and what is CFTC going to do to have a much better harmonization so we are not creating a barrier or even Europe looks at this as hostile towards trade? I am short of time, too, so you have to hurry a bit, please. Thank you.    Mr. LaMalfa. Right. I better cut you off there.    Mr. LaMalfa. But every time I hear about more clarity, it seems to be a greater burden on the people, whether it is this or whether it is clarity as set down by the Army Corps of Engineers on their policy. I will yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you. I am going to go to a second round of questions pretty quick and try to move fairly fast through these. Mr. Rogers, I have a couple for you real quick. Does the CFTC have full and timely access to all of the data needed to carry out the mandates of the Dodd-Frank Act to enhance transparency, promote standardization, and reduce systemic risk?    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you again, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Gil, listening to the complexity of this day and over time, there is certainly a case to be made, can exceptions be made from somebody's reporting requirements at a certain level or a certain timeline? Would you have any recommendations on that? Would you be supportive of that? And if you would, how would you put that into place? How would you implement that sort of thing?    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you. Let me shift to Ms. Kruse, too, I picked up that you talked about the reinvention of the wheel, whether it had been a way of doing things that was working and now you have to almost scrap that in order to have these two different languages talk to each other in really plain terms here. What would you see is the concern about the previous way of doing things as being deficient? Where is that concern coming from and what are these--elaborate more on the pitfalls of having two different methods of doing that with this reinvention of the wheel as you mentioned?    Mr. LaMalfa. So the industry standard amongst the people talking to each other, doing it, should be adapted to by the regulatory agency so that you are going to get better quality instead of trying to translate it into something completely different that they don't work with basically?    Mr. LaMalfa. What is the quality of the technology that the regulator brings to the table compared to what you have within your system?    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you. Sounds sensible to me. Ms. Collazo, you talked about having an international governing framework here where you would have, in order to cover this international misunderstanding here, you would have an outside group made up of multi-national entities to speak to each other about that, come to agree. Could you elaborate on how that would come about? How do you envision that and how would that be formed and what would it be accountable to?    Mr. LaMalfa. I'm sorry, running out of time. But how would you formulate this international entity or governance group that would be trying to assemble this? How would that come about?    Ms. Collazo.--governance. Right.    Mr. LaMalfa. If you could please?    Mr. LaMalfa. Okay. To sum up then, would they have any kind of a regulatory authority or is it more of a recommendation that has credibility amongst all the separate groups that should be paid attention to? Are you going to empower them with some kind of enforcement or some kind of regulatory--    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you. So they could be listened to and with credibility. Mr. Chairman, I thank you for your indulgence. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. LaMalfa. We will take that minute-and-a-half out of the next meeting. Mr. Davis?