    Mr. Duncan. A quorum being present, the subcommittee will come to order. We have an eight-vote series that will require the subcommittee to recess for about 45 minutes as soon as votes are called. I understand that Assistant Secretary Bersin has a hard stop at 4 o'clock, so we will return immediately after votes to conclude the opening portion of the hearing and to move to a classified setting. Following testimonies and members' questions, we will conclude there and we will conclude our time today.    So I am going to, in the essence of time, skip over my opening statement, but I want to start off with just saying a couple of things. First off, I am deeply saddened by the loss of life in Brussels today at the hands of evil men. I want to dedicate today's hearing to the victims of today's attacks and their families. I led my first congressional delegation trip to Brussels in 2014 to look exactly at foreign fighter flow, foreign fighter threat, and the ways that the U.S. and our European allies could better cooperate on homeland security issues. And only a day before my visit, an ISIS foreign fighter had returned to Brussels and shot up a Jewish museum killing four people before he tried to flee to Africa. So today's depraved acts in Brussels, following the Paris attack, demonstrate again that evil and evil men's intentions continue to rip apart the fabric of free Western societies through acts of terror and fear.    It brings to mind Winston Churchill's words. Let us learn our lessons. Never, never, never believe any war will be smooth and easy. Always remember, however, as sure as you are that you can easily win, that there would not be a war if the other man did not think he also had a chance. So we must show enemies that they have no chance of victory and we do that, in part, through strong defenses and secure borders.    So I want to start the hearing. We are going to jump right in and submit our opening statements for the record. The ranking member agrees with me, so I would just go ahead and recognize Mr. Gonzalez for his opening statement. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you so much.    Secretary Bersin.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Kubiak.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you. We will move into the question portion of the hearing and we will try to get through as much of the question portion as we can. When we break for votes, we are just going to end the portion of the committee hearing here. When we come back for votes, we will go straight to the SCIF, so I would ask the panelists to head on down to the SCIF when we leave for votes.    Mr. Gonzalez, following the Paris attack in November, there were press reports that indicated that the EU was considering tighter and systematic ID checks. Let me back up. Press reports and other reports surfaced that a Syrian individual, under investigation for participating in the attacks, had traveled to Brazil, Ecuador, and Colombia in July before bribing a Colombian official to leave the country. INTERPOL stated in November that the estimated 25,000 foreign terrorist combatants thought to be operating across the globe, only 5,600 have been identified by law enforcement agents.    So what can you tell me about the individual that may have traveled to Colombia and Ecuador and Brazil and him leaving the country? And I would also like for you to talk about the fact that we have a lot of folks from Syria and other places traveling the tri-border region on falsified or fake documents, exchanging those documents, and then transiting Latin America either to come here or to go in other places.    We just traveled, and we heard from the Paraguayans, and this continues to be the case. We saw the five Syrians that were apprehended in Honduras. So we know folks are traveling to this area. We know one of the Paris attackers possibly did. I would like for you to talk about that briefly, if you can.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you for that. And we saw very clearly that there are no border controls between Brazil and Paraguay. In fact, in Ciudad del Este it was wide open. An armed guard or two, but that is about it. We learned from the Paraguayans that there is no border control north of there anyway. In fact, a county road dissects the border and so when you are driving down the road, you might be in Brazil, you might be in Paraguay. So I guess I appreciate State and DHS working very well with the Paraguayans on counter-narcotics and counterterrorism efforts and I want to continue that.    So if we have episodes of say these five Syrians that were apprehended in Honduras and I think those were just the ones we know about that were caught, Secretary Bersin, you talked about a secure border. I agree that at our border checkpoints where we are pulling agriculture out to inspect it, we are trying to identify those coming across the border and at the border checkpoints, absolutely we are doing it a lot better than we ever have.    My concern on our southern border is all the areas that we are not patrolling, we are not fencing, we are not apprehending anyone. We are actually allowing interior enforcement to have a lead role in that. But then the administration is actually relaxed with interior enforcement, as well as policies of the administration I hope change in the next administration. But if someone can transit through Latin America through the tri-border region, hoping to do nefarious aims in the United States, then they could get to Mexico, just like the unaccompanied children or all the migrant workers that come into this country enter our southern border, without going through a border checkpoint that you talk about.    So I would like for you to talk a little bit about what the agency is doing on not the border checkpoints, not in Laredo or Nogales, I am talking about all those areas between the two. And whatever you can tell us in that because I will tell you this, my constituents are concerned that the soft underbelly of this nation is our southern border that is unsecured. If you can speak to that.    Mr. Duncan. Let me just speak to one comment you have made. If I am playing a football game, I can affect the score by not scoring. Apprehensions are down. I agree with you. But the border patrol people I talk to say the apprehensions are down because the administration wants them to be down.    I still think that we have people cross our border and we can disagree, but you can affect the score two ways. I yield back to you.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you for that. I am going to turn to the ranking member.    Mr. Duncan. Mr. Yoho.    Mr. Duncan. We will stand in recess. We will reconvene in the SCIF after votes.