    Mr. Brady. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Madam Chairman, I oppose the funding resolution before us today. I will have a longer statement for the record, but let me briefly say that 3 House committees, 12 States, and 1 grand jury have already investigated the matter this panel was created to examine. None found evidence of wrongdoing. And yet, if we pass this measure, we will have wasted over $1.5 million in taxpayers' money on this redundant and unnecessary exercise.    I am troubled by the treatment of the minority Members of the Committee. It is my understanding that the majority has misused unilaterally subpoena authority, with the Chair issuing 42 unilateral subpoenas without consulting with the Democrats. At best, this is a violation of the longstanding House rules and practice. At worst, it violates the bipartisan spirit of cooperation the American people expect from their Congress. I understand that Democrats have been denied access to the panel records, including documents that have then later been used in hearings and depositions.    It is time for the Panel to end conducting this unnecessary and expensive work.    Thank you again, Madam Chairman.    Mr. Brady. Madam Chairman, I offer an amendment to the resolution.    Mr. Brady. Madam Chairman, this amendment is about making sure the minority on the Committee is treated fairly and that the Select Panel finishes its work.    The amendment also requires the Panel to provide House Administration with weekly reports on its the expenditures as well as any activities of the Subcommittee, including the issuance of subpoenas.    Further, the amendment requires the majority to provide notice to and consult with the Ranking Member of the Panel in advance of the issuing of any subpoenas if it is to use any of its supplementary funds for that purpose.    It is unfortunate that we must force the majority to cooperate with the minority, but actions speak louder than words, and that is why I offer this amendment and urge its adoption.    And thank you again, Madam Chair.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Do any other Members wish to be recognized to speak on this amendment?    If there are no more comments, we will vote on the gentleman's amendment. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman, the Ranking Member, to the resolution.    Those in favor of the amendment would signify by saying aye.    All opposed, signify by saying nay.    In the opinion of the Chair, the nays have it, and the amendment is not agreed to.    Are there any other amendments?    If not, then I move that the Committee favorably report the resolution of original jurisdiction to the House.    And all those in favor, signify by saying aye.    Opposed, say nay.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it. The ayes have it, and the motion is agreed to.    Without objection, a motion to reconsider is laid upon the table.    Does any Member wish to file supplemental, minority, or additional views for inclusion in the Committee Report to the House?    Mr. Brady. Madam Chair, I announce that the Democratic Members will request the 2 additional calendar days provided by clause 2(l) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House in order to file views.    The Chairman. Pursuant to clause 2 of Rule XI, a Member is entitled to 2 additional calendar days to file such views in writing and signed by that Member with the Clerk of the Committee.    Any other business before the Committee?    Mr. Brady. Madam Chair, before we adjourn, it is bittersweet that I will not be able to sit next to you again unless I take a visit----    The Chairman. Come to Michigan.    Mr. Brady . To Michigan, which I wouldn't mind doing.    But it is an absolute pleasure to be working as your Minority Chair. You have been extremely gracious, respectful, and, without question, one of the classiest ladies that I know in the House of Representatives. And you will be surely missed by this House and by me.    And, Madam Chair, whether I am out of order or not, I am giving you a kiss.    The Chairman. Thank you. I can't tell you how much I appreciate those comments. I sincerely appreciate it, sincerely appreciate it.    And it has been my privilege and honor to be the Chairperson of this Committee during the last couple of Congresses and working with a fantastic Committee and a fantastic staff, and that is both on the majority and the minority side.    And, certainly, working alongside, shoulder to shoulder, with you as my Ranking Member, we have done a lot of good work for this institution. We have hardly had disagreement on very many issues, actually. I think we have all just tried to work together and make sure that our committees are properly resourced, that this institution operates to the best of our ability.    And it has been my pleasure to serve with you, as well. So if you don't come to Michigan, I might look you up in Philly, right?    Mr. Brady. You can come to Philadelphia.    The Chairman. I may do that.    At any rate, I really have enjoyed being the Chairman of this Committee. It has just been fantastic. So I will look forward to the next Chairman doing some really fantastic work on this Committee. We will see what happens. But, at any rate, I am a Michigan girl. It is time for me to go back home. So I certainly have enjoyed it.    And, without objection, the meeting is adjourned. Thank you.