    Mr. Walden. I thank the gentleman very much.    Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, thank you for holding this hearing. It is a very important issue. We need to explore the problems with this face-to-face regulation.    Our Nation has made a promise to seniors who rely on Medicare, and we must keep it, and one way to keep this promise is through home health services.    So I am happy to introduce Sarah Myers, who will be sharing her knowledge about what is going on out there. She is the Executive Director of the Oregon Association of Home Health Care. Sarah has been recognized for her outstanding contribution to the Oregon home care community and has provided the Oregon delegation with a wealth of information on the critical issues facing home health providers and the patients that they serve.    In general, home health, as you know, is less expensive, more convenient, and just as effective as care in a skilled nursing facility. Receiving care at home gives seniors more control over their health care, and it provides a sense of comfort, familiarity, and normalcy for the patient and for their loved ones.    I know this firsthand because it was the choice my parents and I made, and, in Oregon, more than 20,000 Medicare beneficiaries make that same choice.    However, under current documentation requirements associated with a so-called ``face-to-face requirement'' have placed significant pressures on the home health care community and the people they serve. In order for a patient to meet the eligibility criteria for home health, a physician must document that a face-to-face meeting occurred between the patient and a physician or a nonpatient practitioner--or a nonphysician practitioner.    While intended to be a way to reduce waste, fraud, and abuse by ensuring the orders and certification of home health care are based on actual knowledge of the patient's condition, unclear documentation requirements from the Government have led to a slew of payment denials and additional documentation requests.    So we have a situation in which a complicated regulatory process simply needs to be streamlined and standardized, and that is what this election would do.    First, it requires the Secretary to develop a single standardized form which satisfies the requirements of the home health certification;    And second, the bill streamlines the process and eases the requirements if the patient has been discharged from the hospital or skilled nursing facility;    Third, anyone who uses this form must receive proper notification and education on the documentation requirements;    And finally, the Secretary must implement a process to reopen review claims which were denied solely due to the face-to-face documentation concerns and issue revised decisions if the claims were denied because of the patient narrative--a requirement that even CMS recently dropped because of the burden on providers.    So, Mr. Chairman, this isn't just about a backlog of appeals and red tape. It is about improving access to and quality care of our seniors, and that is why this legislation has the support of the home health providers, including the Partnership for Quality Home Healthcare, the National Association for Home Care & Hospice, and the Visiting Nurse Associations of America.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to submit their statements for the record.    I also would like to submit into the record three letters to CMS from 2011, 2013, and 2014 from the House and Senate, expressing concerns with the face-to-face documentation request.    Mr. Walden. I thank the chairman, and I appreciate his indulgence and your work on this legislation.    I yield back.    Mr. Walden. I thank the Chair for this hearing, and our witnesses for their testimony. I am going to follow up on what Ms. Myers said, Ms. Brooks, because when she talks about four or five patients being served in Wheeler County, there are only about 1,700 people in the entire county. And if you drove from Fossil, Oregon, the county seat to the nearest hospital, it would be 142 miles each way. These are enormous areas, and my colleague from New Mexico, Mr. Lujan, talked about the size of his district and everybody kind of gasped. His is 47,271 square miles. Mine is 69,341.    So when we are talking about providing basic services in these remote areas, this is life and death, literally life and death. That is why this matters so much that when some contractors, some bureaucrats, some rule writer comes up with one of these things back here in Washington, they don't have a clue what they are doing in real life out on the ground, and that needs to change, and it needs to change now.    Let me go to Ms. Myers. The original requirements for a physician face-to-face encounter were intended as a program integrity measure to protect waste, fraud and abuse. Do you think this bill that we have before us eliminates or dilutes that protection against fraud and abuse?    Mr. Walden. I had a very positive discussion with Mr. Lujan during the break, when we went to vote on the House floor and come back, and he and I intend to work closely on this legislation.    Mr. Griffith and I had a very good conversation. I imagine he won't talk about this, I won't steal his thunder, but I will give him full credit that is, perhaps, within the context of this legislation, we should allow face-to-face to qualify over electronic devices.    Again, if I could take my phone into the home and have the doctor on the other side, which we all know can be done today, why should we have to transport a patient 142 miles over icy, foggy roads for a face-to-face so they can go back home?    Mr. Walden. We went through the same sort of event with my mother-in-law, who had severe rheumatoid arthritis, who was in very bad shape, and they would have to transport her by ambulance or the equivalent, and they'd have to do the blood pressure test before she left, which drove excruciating pain throughout her body, and then as soon as she got to the hospital or whatever, they had to do it again.    I mean, there are so many stupid things in delivery of care right now, driven by either litigation or regulation that we need to get past so we put the patients first.    I ask unanimous consent, Mr. Chairman, to enter into the record a statement written by Jeffrey Weil, who is Division Vice President for Operations in the northwest for LHC Group. Jeff is responsible for the operations of Three Rivers Home Care in Grants Pass, in Medford, Oregon.    He says that, just for 2014 and 2015, his company has had more than 393 claims denied for inadequate face-to-face documentation. Each and every one of these claims had documentation signed by a physician. However, in most cases, the Medicare administrative contractors denied the claims because they deemed the physician's narrative to be inadequate. Many of these denials were reversed, but they currently have more than $1.5 million of denied face-to-face encountered claims tied up in appeals at various stages.    Mr. Walden. Oh, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Myers, can you describe in more detail the impact that claim denials and the subsequent appeals associated with the home health face-to-face requirement has on patient care and home health agency operations, particularly in these small and rural areas?    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.