    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank the panel for being with us. It's good to see my old friend, Dan Mitchell.    I am reminded by listening to this discussion, and from my friend Mr. Heck, as a 30-year banker and business guy, of the woman who comes into the bank branch and says, ``I can't be overdrawn in my account.'' And the bank manager says, ``But you are.'' And she says, ``I can't be; I still have checks.''    No laughter, oh well. Banking jokes just don't go over like they used to.    Thank you. Thank you to the gentleman from South Carolina.    As a former Treasury official, it really saddens me to read comments from the New York Fed which say that the Treasury's position is crazy, counterproductive, and is adding risk to the system. And that my friend, former Treasury official, now a Governor of the Federal Reserve System, Jay Powell, says that Treasury is politicizing important fiscal policy.    I think we should all be shocked by that, Democrats and Republicans, because there is no room for that in the proper governance of our country. And it goes absolutely against everything Hamilton put in place back in his report on the public debt, 1790.    I am interested in some quick responses and then I have a couple of questions. Does everybody here--and I am interested because I have kind of gotten a couple of different feelings--support the fact that we have a debt limit and it comes up and we debate it? Just raise your hands if you support the existing debt limit statute, effectively. Okay, three yes and one no.    And do you all support Congressman McClintock's bill that we passed in the House last year? If you would raise your hands on that?    Mr. Hill. Well, his bill was this issue of being able to, while we are negotiating a debt limit crisis, be able to continue to issue securities to pay the interest and keep payments current.    Do you support a Greenspan-type commission which was used in 1983 to tackle something like Medicare? Is that an idea? Or do you think, as my friend from Maine says, it should be specifically the burden of the Congress? Or do you like the idea of an independent commission that gives Congress a BRAC, up-or-down vote type approach?    Ms. de Rugy. That is different.    Mr. Hill. You may comment on that, if you like.    Dr. Mitchell, would you like to comment on that?    Ms. de Rugy. I can comment on this. The 1983 commission was different from a BRAC commission. And the result led to increasing taxes and a lot of other problems that we are facing right now.    Mr. Hill. Dan, any comment?    Mr. Hill. Yes. I go home, and whenever I am in town hall meetings, people are so fixated on the trillion dollars, a third of the budget that we vote on and debate on here in the appropriations process. And it is just a disproportionate amount of things.    I think Members of Congress here, when they are at home and we never hear from our constituents in a detailed, thoughtful way about the two-thirds of the budget that I think has been the anchor of our conversations today, that I agree have a big demographic, structural component to them.    Dr. Stone, you talked about general thoughts about levels of debt to GDP. You are a classic economist on the one hand and on the other hand in your overview of that. But in the Reinhart/Rogoff papers that were delivered to NBER and all that back in 2008, 2009, they had specific views on debt to GDP levels for the long run.    And I would be interested in each of your views on what you think that band is of where we need to move debt to GDP to have the national debt return to being a national blessing, and thus not be excessive.    Dr. Mitchell?    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.