    Mr. Schriver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much appreciate the invitation and I appreciate being seated alongside Dr. Rigger and Ms. Glaser, who I have enormous respect for as well.    I want to join others who express condolences and thoughts and prayers. Certainly, it's a difficult time and we wish them well in the recovery efforts.    It's a very timely hearing, as has been noted, due to the recent election and I think it's appropriate that we acknowledge the significance of this event.    It's a young democracy. They are under tremendous pressure. So just carrying out a free and fair election is something worthy of our praise.    In your instructions you asked me to speak specifically about economic and trade issues, which I will do. Before doing that I think it's also appropriate to note President Ma and the fact that he's coming to the end of his tenure.    He's been a great friend of the United States, has done a terrific job promoting peace and stability in the region, I think often not given credit for his South China Sea peace initiative--the East China Sea peace initiative.    So as we move into a new administration we should reflect on his accomplishments. Dr. Tsai is somebody who's very experienced on trade matters. She herself has been a trade negotiator and I think she campaigned on economic reform and promoting trade. I think that gives us opportunities that we would be very smart to seize upon.    As mentioned by others, she has a keen interest in joining TPP. I'm of the view that we should not only welcome that interest but be very clear that we want Taiwan in a second round, should there be one, and I hope there is, and that we will work with them to identify a clear pathway to entry.    I listened carefully to the administration statement. We welcome their interest. I believe we should welcome more than their interest. I think we should work with them to have a concrete path to inclusion in TPP.    I agree with previous comments made about the investment environment and the need for a bilateral investment agreement. Taiwan is a significant investor in the United States and, of course, vice versa.    That can be strengthened. There are too many barriers still in place so we should keep these delegations going but more to the point work through the various fora to try to create a better environment for mutual investment.    I think there are other areas of our economic relationship that could also be strengthened. I think defense industrial cooperation is something we should consider.    There were, I think, some very good questions about the submarine program--why 15 years. Certainly, if Taiwan does determine to go the path of an indigenous diesel electric submarine, there are opportunities for our industry to get involved in that and I think the administration could send clear signals that we welcome that kind of defense industrial cooperation and it could really give a boost to this program and maybe it won't be another 15 years until we see a submarine there in Taiwan.    I think in the S & T area as well this has been one of the past areas of success. Taiwan is a very innovative country. They are a global leader in patents and, to use an overused phrase, there are a lot of win-win opportunities, I think, if we really strengthen our S & T cooperation not only in defense but beyond that and into that high-tech sector.    This is all going to unfold under an environment where I expect there to be increasing pressure, not only military pressure in the missiles that we're all aware of but there are rumors that China is preparing for a more coercive path, cutting back tours, cutting back flights, et cetera.    We can do these things irrespective of the positions China takes but, of course, it becomes more challenging, at least politically and diplomatically, to do that in face of more pressure.    But I think we have to remember to keep the onus on Beijing. They are the ones who have a policy that's failing. They're the ones that have the military posture opposite Taiwan, threatening them and intimating the people there and they are the ones that also need to show some flexibility    So people regard this election as a potential inflection point but we need to remember that the real core of the problem is Beijing's intransigence and the positions that they're taking.    So just to conclude very briefly, I think there are five things. I think TPP in a very clear path is important. I think more on bilateral investment to include not only the bilateral agreement but the promotion of these delegations. I think on the defense side, there is much more that can be done and I think several of the systems were mentioned--F-16s, mine sweepers. But I have a particular interest in the submarine program because I think there's an opportunity for defense industrial cooperation. The S & T area is a fourth area I think is very promising and then finally in our diplomacy keep some balance. This election is one of the reasons we're here talking. But if you pull that thread too far some people might be oriented toward blaming democracy or blaming Taiwan for the instability.    The problem is in Beijing and we need to keep that in mind as we go forward and continue to put our emphasis on their need to de-escalate, to demilitarize and to have some flexibility.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Schriver. Absolutely, and I think that a lot has changed since Warren Christopher was secretary of state and I think the very positive developments on Taiwan should be recognized and rewarded but also the threat posture that China poses I think would be served with more clarity when it comes to defense commitments and security in a whole host of areas including these trade agreements and international organizations.    I think ambiguity maybe had its time and place but more clarity is probably appropriate at this juncture.    Mr. Schriver. Briefly on that last point, we shouldn't forget about the military piece of this because throughout this 8-year period of peace and stability what has China done on the military side?    They have continued to build up more missiles, more capabilities, more training. They have a mock-up of the presidential palace that they're exercising against. I mean, countries that equip, train, prepare----    Mr. Schriver. Yes, sir.