    Mr. Dolcini. Thank you, sir. Mr. Chairman, Members of the Subcommittee, I appreciate this opportunity to discuss FSA's implementation of the farm bill's conservation title. Like Chief Weller, I would like to thank this Subcommittee and the full Committee in this Congress and in past Congresses for the support that you have shown our programs, our people, and our resources. And like Chief Weller, I want to call out the hard work of 15,000 FSA employees in 2,124 service centers across this country, along with the 7,000 or so farmer-elected county committee men and women that support the work of FSA. They are our competitive edge. It is not the work that I do here in Washington, it is the work that is done in the field every day.    And to stay on the birthday band wagon, I will start my testimony with a note that the Conservation Reserve Program turns 30 this year. And so we are celebrating all year long the 30th anniversary of conservation achievements across the American landscape. CRP is a voluntary program that allows USDA to contract with farmers and ranchers so that environmentally sensitive lands and lands with wildlife benefits are not farmed or ranched, but, instead, are used for conservation benefits. Participants establish long-term covers, such as approved grasses or trees, to control erosion and water quality. And, in return, we provide participants with rental payments, cost-sharing, and other incentives for the period of the contract. CRP restores habitat for ducks, pheasants, deer, and other wildlife. And in doing so, it spurs hunting, fishing, recreation, tourism, and other forms of local economic development. We have a large number of partners who work collaboratively with FSA and contribute to these achievements, including our sister agency, NRCS, as well as numerous non-Federal partners that you will hear from later this morning.    Currently, 24.3 million acres are enrolled in CRP contracts, including 18.1 under general sign-up authority and 6.2 million under continuous sign-up authority. CRP contracts on 1.9 million acres will expire at the end of this fiscal year. With the enactment of the farm bill, the total number of CRP acres that can be enrolled nationwide has been reduced from 32 to 24 million beginning in Fiscal Year 2017. And as a result, we anticipate that CRP will increasingly focus on the most sensitive acreage and that the sign-ups will be increasingly competitive. To target this high-benefit acreage, Secretary Vilsack announced on May 29 that an additional 800,000 acres would be available under certain continuous authorities, including, as Congressman Peterson pointed out, 300,000 acres for duck habitat, 100,000 acres for wetlands, and 400,000 acres for the SAFE acre program.    He also announced that the next general enrollment period will begin on December 1 and will conclude on February 26 of 2016. Participants with eligible CRP contracts that expire this fiscal year will be provided an option on a 1 year extension. USDA also restarted continuous enrollment activity in the Transitions Incentive Program, the TIP program. This encourages transfer of expiring CRP lands to beginning and socially-disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. Other farm bill provisions, such as changes to haying and grazing, tree thinning and grasslands, require rulemaking and National Environmental Policy Act analysis. Both of these efforts are underway and both are nearing completion.    The 2014 Farm Bill also requires compliance with highly-erodible land and wetland conservation requirements in order to be eligible for crop insurance premium subsidies. While most farmers have a certification form on file, I would say many farmers do, USDA conducted informational meetings and training sessions all across the country for those who may not. And we reached tens of thousands of stakeholders to ensure that affected producers who filed their form by the June 1 deadline can remain eligible for premium supports during the 2016 reinsurance year.    In light of recent natural disasters, such as the serious flooding we have seen in Oklahoma and Texas and continued drought conditions in California and elsewhere in the West, I would like to also reemphasize the importance of our Emergency Conservation Program. ECP provides emergency funding and technical assistance to help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland damaged by natural disaster. It also helps livestock producers enhance water supplies during severe drought. And we are standing by to assist states in need with that program.    Mr. Chairman, Members, as you have noted, our nation's farmers and ranchers are dedicated stewards of land conservation. For 30 years, their participation in CRP has prevented billions of tons of soil from eroding, reduced nitrogen and phosphorus run-off significantly, sequestered millions of tons of greenhouse gasses, and has protected about 170,000 miles of streams and creeks throughout this nation. Last month, we also reached the 1 million acre milestone in the SAFE acre program. And throughout the course of the year, we will be highlighting success stories from all over the nation to mark 30 years of successful CRP conservation work.    Farmers and ranchers are doing great things to conserve the environment in your Congressional districts and to build habitat. And they can count on FSA's support in those efforts. This concludes my testimony. And I am happy to answer any questions that you may have.    Mr. Dolcini. Sure, Mr. Chairman, I will take the first crack at that answer. I appreciate the fact that you have noted that we have done a pretty good job, thus far, with implementation. Implementing a farm bill is a real team effort. And at the Department of Agriculture, we work hand in glove on a variety of different issues, but mostly in the conservation compliance realm with our sister agencies, the Risk Management Agency, as well as the Natural Resources Conservation Service, to make sure that we are reaching everybody who potentially would be able to participate in that RMA program. Our primary goal is to make sure that farmers and ranchers, our customers, have as much access to information as they possibly can in order to make well-educated decisions about programs that they may or may not want to participate in.    And so in the case of conservation compliance, which was obviously re-linked in this last farm bill, the need to comply with highly-erodible land and wetland requirements and receiving Federal crop insurance premium subsidies. I would also add, sir, that many of our farmers already have AD-1026s on file. If they participated in our marketing assistance loan program or disaster assistance, perhaps other USDA programs, they already have an AD-1026 on file. We really went the extra mile, beginning last year, sending mail notifications, postcards by the Farm Service Agency. We held tens, if not hundreds, of public meetings around the country with specific commodity organizations. We participated in a conference call before that June 1 deadline to make sure their membership knew what the requirements were and that they needed to get an AD-1026 into the office by June 1. We did special outreach activities in every state, particularly those that grow specialty crops, like my home State of California. I traveled to California and conducted some meetings myself to make sure that commodity organizations and specialty crop growers and the affected industry, the insurance industry, knew about the June 1 deadline and that they would have as much access to FSA and USDA information as we possibly could make available. We are reconciling those numbers now, sir. And I don't have definitive numbers for you this morning, but we will certainly share those with the Subcommittee when we have completed that process. But I do want you to know that from the perspective of this three-agency effort, we really feel like we left no stone unturned when it came to making certain that people knew about the program and the deadline.    The Chairman. Thank you. My second question, and probably by the time I get done asking it, I will have run out of time. But let me ask it and then look forward to getting some type of follow up on it. I want to follow up on the Ranking Member's issue that he had raised. And it seems to me there is certainly a benefit of what the agency has done perhaps on its own initiative of creating or broadening a public-private partnership, of bringing biologists and individuals in from some great organizations that are involved in habitat and wildlife. But I would really like to get a feel nationwide how many individuals do we have now that are working within our agencies, that are perhaps from organizations, great organizations like Ducks Unlimited or National Wild Turkey Federation. I am not sure what organizations may be involved.    How many, what the role is, and also what are the safeguards, because we need to make sure that obviously, first and foremost, that this is driven by, for our farmers and ranchers. We know the wildlife benefit, as Members of this Committee, quite frankly, as a sportsman myself, but I want to see what are the safeguards, make sure we are avoiding any kind of conflict of interest within those roles. I think those are important lines to define. And the Ranking Member had those concerns. And I have heard from folks that are raising kind of the same questions. So it would be good to get the information out. With that, my time has expired. And I am pleased to recognize the Ranking Member for 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Dolcini. Sir, I don't have a specific number of acreage that might get enrolled in that general sign-up. As you pointed out earlier, the Secretary announced about 800,000 acres in the continuous part of CRP. We have authority for 1.9 million acres that we may be able to enroll. But it will be a very competitive process beginning in December. And we are hopeful that we get a lot of good applications for participation in the program----    Mr. Dolcini. Sir, I don't know the exact number of acreage, of acres that may be----    Mr. Dolcini. It absolutely is, sir. And I appreciate your comments and your support over the years of CRP. You have really been a stalwart in trying to develop programs that USDA can use to enhance wildlife benefits around the country, as well as environmental and other program benefits. CRP has changed quite a bit since 1985 when it was first signed into law by President Reagan. And we are always trying to make what is a good program an even better program, particularly in this year that we are celebrating its 30th anniversary. I was just in Howard County, Maryland last week talking with a farmer who has CREP land and is interested potentially in a pollinator strip but doesn't want to just put in something that he thinks might be a weed patch. So we are trying to work locally with farmers around the nation on doing things that make sense for their communities and for their landscape. This fall, I am going to be in Otter Tail County and would love to come out and meet with you or your staff or your constituents and really work through some of the local issues that you have identified there. But we are doing that all over the nation, sir. And the Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program, which is an element of CRP, has been a success in Minnesota and elsewhere. I think we now have 47 projects in 34 states. So we are trying to look at the continuum of what CRP offers and how it was refined in the 2014 Farm Bill to make a good program, one that has been a very successful conservation program throughout the American countryside, a better one. And I would love to continue to meet with you and your staff to work on those issues.    Mr. Dolcini. Sir, I will provide a more detailed responses to your office and to the Subcommittee with that answer.    Mr. Allen of Georgia. Okay. That would be great.    Mr. Dolcini. With regard to the issue that you and I have been working on and that our staffs have been working on, I really want to say that we are continuing to explore options. I think our Office of General Counsel at USDA determined there was a certain path that we couldn't really go beyond. Unfortunately, that wasn't really transmitted to you or to your constituents in a very clear way.    Mr. Allen of Georgia. Right. Exactly.    Mr. Dolcini. But I want you to know that I am happy to continue to work with you to explore options there. And with regard to the detailed response, we can get that back to you and the Subcommittee.    Mr. Allen of Georgia. Well, I really appreciate and yes, you have been very diligent in responding and working with our office and our clients. I appreciate everything you are doing for us there. And we look forward to resolving that issue. Another comment is we have about 14.3 million acres of Georgia's forestland and it is owned by 504,000 families and individuals. Several of the conservation programs are important to provide these family forest owners with tools to do conservation practices on the ground, from tree planting to firebreaks to improvements for wildlife habitat and water quality. Given that the technical assistance needed to work with forest owners may be different from other producers, what is NRCS or FSA doing to continue to encourage coordination with the forest agencies at the state and local levels?    Mr. Dolcini. I do, sir. And I have an answer to the question that you first posed about how many acres have opted out. It is 266,000. But we will get a more fulsome letter back to the Committee with some details around that.    Mr. Allen of Georgia. Okay.    Mr. Dolcini. With regard to Longleaf pine, we have established about 250,000 acres of Longleaf pine and have a CRP practice devoted to the Longleaf pine that has created a lot of habitat for a variety of different species there. And we are doing it in consultation with local and regional partners. After we publish the CRP rule, which will happen in the near term, we will be able to implement some tree thinning provisions and other management activities to enhance these stands as well. I think that a good practice will be made a better one.    Mr. Allen of Georgia. Good. Great. Thank you very much. I yield back the time I don't have.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. I am now pleased to recognize the gentlelady from Arizona, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Dolcini. Our approach is much the same as NRCS when it comes to reaching out to folks all over the country, including in Indian Country. We worked through the Council of Native American Farming and Ranching that I sit on and others around the nation do to make sure that our programs are open, accessible, understood, and available. And I spent a lot of time working one-on-one with individuals that have had challenges, but I also talked with larger groups and organizations about things that are going right with our relationship with Native American farming organizations around the nation. So we have a lot of work yet to do, Congresswoman, but we are on the right path.    Mr. Dolcini. I can give you those assurances, sir. For forms that need to be perfected, and it might be a transposed number or a name that is misspelled, we will use that period after the 1st of June to make sure that those corrections are made appropriately.    Mr. Dolcini. With regard to the receipt of the forms in FSA offices around the nation, it is going reasonably well. It is a big chunk of paperwork, to be sure, coming at a time when we are doing a lot of other important office work throughout our nation's field office infrastructure.    But I am hearing good things thus far about the way things are going. I think the fact that we really beat the drum so loudly over the course of the 2 or 3 months leading up to June 1 got people into the offices a little bit earlier than they might have otherwise. Certainly there is going to be a flood of activity towards the end of a deadline period. That is true for all of our programs, but we felt good about getting people in the door prior to June 1, and just really made the point to them that you have to get us your form, it has to be at least postmarked by the 1st of June in order for you to continue to receive these RMA crop insurance premium subsidies, and that was a message that most everyone heard loud and clear.    Mr. Dolcini. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. As we make the transition here, I would like to welcome our second panel of witnesses to the table. Mr. Brent Van Dyke, First Vice President of the National Association of Conservation Districts from Hobbs, New Mexico. Mr. Buddy Allen, rice producer, USA Freedom--or USA Rice Federation. That was a legislation a couple of weeks ago, I guess. USA Rice Federation.    Ms. Karen Martynick, Executive Director of Lancaster Farmland Trust from Strasburg, Pennsylvania. I thought it was probably Starsburg when I read it the first time. When it says Strasburg, I am thinking that has to be Starsburg but maybe there is a little township I don't know about in Lancaster County. And Mr. Jim Inglis, Governmental Affairs Representative, Pheasants Forever and the Quail Forever from Upper Sandusky, Ohio.    And our panelists are all in place. Thank you so much for being here to each of you. And Mr. Van Dyke, please begin when you are ready.