    Mr. Lucas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chair Yellen, I would like to address the Basel III leverage ratio rule as it relates to the treatment of segregated margin. As you know, Congress requires that the margin received from customers for clear derivatives belongs to the customers and is to remain segregated from the bank affiliated shared members' accounts. As a prudential regulator charged with implementing the new capital requirements for these institutions, why then does the rule treat this customer margin as something the bank can leverage when clearly they cannot?    Mr. Lucas. I would just ask you to note that from the customer's perspective, if his or her money is already segregated, if the bank cannot use it in one of their affiliated institutions, yet they are required to have more capital on top of their existing capital to take into consideration these accounts they cannot use, it just would seem to raise the overall cost of doing business, and therefore discourage participation in the market and reduce the number of ways that customers out there in the real world could address their risk.    Mr. Lucas. Clearly, I appreciate your understanding, and note that it is something that should be addressed because the impact on these products from customers who are not using them to speculate but generally to try to protect themselves from being detrimental would be unfortunate.    One other question, Chair Yellen, that I have to ask, and being the first lay member of the committee now to get to ask a question, we have had a lot of discussion about the impact of policies and quantitative easing and a variety of issues over the last 6 years. Would it be possible, or maybe such a number exists, but you and I both know in the most simple definition of economics, economics is about taking finite resources and most efficiently allocating them among implement demands, the most elementary description of economics.    Over the course of the last 6 years where the policy decisions have been made to, some would say, artificially restrain interest rates, in effect, dramatically causing interest rates to be less than they would normally have been, and at the same time, have an aggressive buying program on certain assets that would, in effect, hold up their value above and beyond what they normally would be worth, that there is a cost there.    I occasionally have constituents, especially in the older part of my constituency, who have money either in bonds or in bank deposits because they want absolute safety, absolute security, who question me about the cost to them of this program. Would it be possible for someone on your staff to quantitatively produce a number about what the transfer of value or wealth or whatever you want to describe it over the last 6 years has been from one class to another of asset holders? I think it would be a fascinating number because there is a price that has been paid for this technique to try and keep the economy alive.    Mr. Lucas. It reminds me of my period as a college student in the late 1970s and early 1980s when we went through what some would define as a superinflationary period where there was a dramatic shift from dollar-denominated assets over to anything that was real estate or stocks and bonds, that kind of a thing, and there was a price paid by that part of our society who was most thrifty, most careful, most cautious, most concerned about their old age, and I see that scenario again, and I would like to have, if it is possible, a number.    Mr. Lucas. But Chair Yellen, somebody has paid for--    Mr. Lucas. --the economic methadone that we have been existing on for 6 years.