    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your holding the hearing today.    And Secretary Carter, General Dunford, and Secretary McCord, welcome to the hearing. I thank each of you for your commitment to service.    Mr. Chairman, I wish to express my continued concern regarding the self-inflicted uncertainty created by the Budget Control Act of 2011. Admittedly, I used much of my time at the fiscal year 2016 hearing for the same purpose, and although much has changed in the last twelve months, including the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 that mitigated the BCA caps for two years, it is hard to argue that the Department of Defense or any Federal agency is now appreciably better positioned to plan or budget for the future.    It pains me to think about how much less efficient the Department of Defense has been over the last six fiscal years, as it has been forced to carry out our national defense strategy in an increasingly unstable security environment that you have described, while navigating the unpredictability of sequestration, of government shutdown, vacillating budget caps, continuing resolutions, and appropriations, through no fault of the full committee, that arrive well into the next fiscal year. Even the least clairvoyant among us can foresee the problems looming in fiscal year 2018.    The BCA was sold as a deficit-reduction tool, yet the Congressional Budget Office projected that from 2016 to 2025, the cumulative deficit will be $1.5 trillion more than the office projected in August of 2015.    The prolonged inability of Congress and the administration to find a consensus needed to replace it and its faux austerity policies that truly address long-term drivers of our budget deficits, growth in mandatory spending, and the lack of revenue is an abject failure.    On a positive note, despite the ongoing efforts in Congress to renegotiate the agreement of fiscal year 2017, I am guardedly optimistic that the BBA will provide some predictability in this year's appropriations process. We have a number, and I hope that this subcommittee under the chairman's leadership will be allowed to make the difficult and deliberate decisions needed to prioritize the resources available to strengthen our defense and minimize the risk of our Nation and those in uniform.    Secretary Carter, you have stated that this budget is a major inflection point for the Department and takes the long view. Further, you have indicated this request favors innovation and readiness posture over force structure. I was pleased to hear both those sentiments. But based on the outcomes of the last handful of budget requests, I am skeptical, again, of any strategy, plan, or program that is reliant on relief from the BCA caps in future years. I certainly understand the motivation behind DOD's decision to assume more funding in the outyears. However, I am worried that that assumption may not come to fruition.    I assure you that I am committed to working with my colleagues to find a lasting solution to our fiscal situation, which, again, necessitates addressing both revenue and mandatory spending.    In conclusion, I would simply also observe that I appreciate that the much-anticipated plan for the closing of Guantanamo Bay detention facility was transmitted to Congress earlier this week. I hope that the plan is considered on its merit rather than to be reflexively rejected.    Mr. Chairman, again, thank you very much for holding the hearing.    Gentlemen, I look forward to your testimony.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, just for the record, I would continue to reiterate my concern about making sure we are on schedule for the Department to have auditable financial statements by 2017. Not orally here, but for the record, if you could respond to any major investments that still need to be made, and if so, any of those automated systems, whether or not they are fully funded in the fiscal year 2017 request.    Mr. Visclosky. I appreciate that.    Mr. Secretary, the issue I would want to address at the outset is the industrial base that I am very concerned about. I think all of you are as well. Are there any particular sectors, industries, components that the Department today has a problem with? Every time we get a waiver notice from the Department of acquisition, it brings this problem to mind, and I am very concerned about it.    Follow-up is, what can be done? Is there something from a budgetary standpoint that is lacking that we can be helpful with?    Mr. Visclosky. Besides the predictability, which I wouldn't at all argue, are there any budgetary shortfalls? You mentioned the institutes. Is there anything we can do to be helpful to make sure we don't have any more degradation as far as the manufacturing capability?    Mr. Visclosky. If you want to move on, go ahead.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    If I could return to the European Reassurance Initiative, which is contained in OCO, and we have had a number of interchanges as to the difficulty in planning year to year. Any sense, given at least my impression that this is going to be a permanent situation for some period of time, us vis-a-vis the Russians, that some of those moneys migrate into the base budget as opposed to end up in OCO, say, in 2018?    Mr. Visclosky. If I could ask one more question. And more if you would want to address the issue of the budget recommendations on health care, retirement. I have mentioned in the past I think Congress has a huge burden to bear and blame, not that the administration is always right in these, but something has to be done. Mr. Womack mentioned mandatory, I mentioned mandatory on the civilian side. You suffer from the same problem.    What is, if you would, from the administration's perspective, your justification of doing this from a budgetary standpoint? The general had talked about his concerns six, seven years out.    Mr. Visclosky. Appreciate it.    Mr. Visclosky. I have been remiss as a Notre Dame grad for also congratulating the comptroller on defeating Notre Dame, and then the next day your women's team beat the Maryland women's basketball team. It just rolls on forever.    Mr. Visclosky. And that is why I respect you. Thank you so much.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I think the chairman set the table very well for us. I appreciate his holding the hearing. And gentlemen, I thank each of you for your service and for your testimony today and certainly look forward to the interchange. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, you ended on industrial base, and that is what I would like to direct my line of questioning to. The current fiscal year 2016 bill, which passed on the floor of the House with this committee's support as well as the support of the Senate full committee, contained a general provision that prohibited the use of funds to award a new TAO(X) program contract for the acquisition of certain components, unless those components were manufactured in the United States.    The components included auxiliary equipment, including pumps, shipboard service; propulsion equipment, including engines, reduction gears, propellers, cranes, spreaders. Both the House and Senate committees agreed, and I appreciate the support of the committee and the chairman on that issue. During conference, the Navy requested a waiver of that option to procure an engine with sufficient power to propel the ship based on design specifications, and in the end, in conference, the Secretary was given that ability to request a waiver.    I would remind my colleagues that the ship involved here is a fleet oiler. And I don't diminish the importance of fleet oilers. But this is an oiler, this is not an attack submarine; this is not a nuclear aircraft carrier; and we are seeking waivers. I am reminded every time the subcommittee gets a request for waivers for such purchases by the entire Department of Defense that we have a significant problem. And my concern here is that we are buying rocket engines from the Russians because we don't have that capacity in the United States of America. If we are now seeking waivers for engines for oilers for the United States Navy, I am wondering if the industrial base that was in place that propelled our country to victory in World War II, is adequate going forward. And my first question is, what actions did the Navy take to make sure that the prime on this contract did everything possible to find an engine made in the United States of America for an oiler?    Mr. Visclosky. And I appreciate it. If I could ask, I assume the Navy also talks to the prime and says, show us that this is impossible to do before we give you the waiver that--I assume you, yourself, are satisfied, but are we putting pressure on these contractors that you have got to look hard, and that there is just nobody that makes an engine for an oiler in the United States of America that is acceptable?    Mr. Visclosky. If I could, just one more question, Mr. Secretary, on that. Let us assume for the sake of argument, this engine is going to be procured elsewhere. Is there a process within the Department of the Navy to then talk to, if you would, the Secretary of Defense, as well as come to the Appropriations Committee, Congress, authorizers, and say, we have a problem going forward. If we are lacking today in propulsion systems, somehow we have to figure out how to make that investment to encourage that. Our committee is investing in rocket engines today because we don't have that capacity.    Is there, at that point, when you ask for the waiver, an acknowledgement that we have a problem, is there some communication going on both within the Department, as well as to the Congress, that we have an initial problem and we don't want it to become worse?    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Two questions. The first has to do with the 21st century sailor and Marine initiative. And gentlemen, I would want to thank all three of you. Over the last couple of years I have expressed concerns about the efficiency of the Department's resiliency program, particularly as it relates to suicide prevention. All of the departments have stayed in very close touch with our office, and my sense is very focused on the initiative and moving forward. Could you just briefly tell us, Mr. Secretary, where that is? And then, I have one more question.    Mr. Visclosky. I appreciate that narrowing of focus. If I could, Admiral, just on depot maintenance, I understand there is a backlog and there is an increased request for 2017. I assume there are a number of ways you solve that problem. One, a decrease in tempo, I don't see that happening. I am not suggesting there is any new money anywhere. But if there were additional monies, could they be put to use? Is there a capacity to use and eat into some of that backlog you have?    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding the hearing.    General, Secretary, thank you very much for being here. Look forward to your testimony.    Mrs. Welsh, I join the chairman in welcoming you. If there are any difficult questions here in the committee, obviously we will direct them to you. Welcome.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. Would you yield for a second?    Mr. Visclosky. You had mentioned 2019, Madam Secretary. How confident are you? Is that a floor or is that a ceiling?    Mr. Visclosky. I appreciate the gentleman yielding.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We have had a number of questions today and comments about space. What I would like to do is talk about space strategy. Because we have talked about launch, we have talked about defense. NRO uses space; NASA uses space; CIA uses space; Department of Defense uses space. Who is the principal contact in point to organize the United States of America Government's space strategy?    Mr. Visclosky. How does that work between you and General Haney, and who makes the ultimate decision? I assume there is some consensus as it develops, plus the world changes every day. Is it essentially your office and STRATCOM that coordinate all these agencies that have an interest in space?    Mr. Visclosky. Does STRATCOM have a larger role to play? Is it about right? Because you have, again, civilian agencies that are involved here as well as military, intelligence. I just want to make sure there is kind of that central point of contact.    General Welsh. Sir, I would look at it as the resource and policy decisions are led by--in the Department of Defense are led by the Defense Space Council and the Secretary, to include resource decisions that are made. And it is done in coordination with the NRO, the intelligence community, and with U.S. Strategic Command as an observer. Their intent is to meet the requirements of U.S. Strategic Command along with the requirements of those other organizations. For operational strategy in space, U.S. Strategic Command has the lead for the Department of Defense, and they do coordinate with NRO, with the intelligence community, and even with industry as partners who operate satellites in that domain.    The big change has got to be, going forward, a more integrated approach to everything they do in that domain, because everything is going to have to be more resilient, not just military hardware in space. Commercial hardware also is going to have to be more resilient, because it is also at risk from anything from debris to Anti-Satellite Weapons (ASATs).    And so one of the great things about General John Hyten is that he has a great big vision for space operations and integration. And he is really helping us kind of organize around this idea that it has got to be much more cooperative, but it has to look at this domain as a contested domain, and potentially a warfighting domain. And that changes the level of cooperation we have to do on the operational concepts.    Mr. Visclosky. As far as integration, are there any budgetary issues you face in 2017 that retard that?    Mr. Visclosky. Okay. If I could ask about resources in another way. On the nuclear modernization plan, as I understand it, the request for 2017 is $6.5 billion, which is about 195 percent more than the 2016 budget. And I understand all that request is in the base, not OCO. Given--and, again there has been conversations today about the unpredictability going forward. Do you have a level of confidence that that modernization program and those significant new dollars that are needed are going to be there? And where do they come from assuming the shadows of the future remain unaltered here for a couple of years?    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    If I could get back to the nuclear modernization program, you have a long-range standoff weapon under development not without controversy. But the point of the question is more that there are parallel efforts going on, both with the Department of Defense as well as NNSA. It is estimated that on the standoff weapon, the estimated costs go up to $30 billion for 1,000 weapons, there being an additional eight to 10 at NNSA. When we talk about modernization, ICBMs come up, B61s come up, the long-range standoff bomber comes up, the long-range weapons comes up. Given, one, the strategy of our Nation, and then, obviously, we have a fiscal year impact on that strategy, how is that prioritization made? Is there a prioritization within these programs as far as modernization program?    Mr. Visclosky. General, on an unclassified level, how would you characterize the health of your munitions inventory?    General Welsh. On the conventional side or the nuclear side, sir?    Mr. Visclosky. Conventional.    General Welsh. On the conventional side, the inventory is fantastic. The weapons are great and they are getting better and better. The problem is capacity, is volume. We have depleted our stocks over time with the fight we have been in for the last 15 years. We have not been able to replenish them. We just did not have as much money as we would like to have to put into munitions. We have been sharing a lot of them with allies in this effort, many of whom use precision weapons now along with us but don't produce their own.    And so we just have stockpiles that have been depleted and we need to replenish them if we want to really have war plans that we can actually go execute quickly in the event of some kind of major contingency. And that is where any help we can get on the munitions side for funding is very, very helpful.    Mr. Visclosky. And is that reflected in the 2017 request to an extent?    General Welsh. Yes, sir. We have increased the request for munitions funding in 2017. We got help last year and to include use of OCO funding to help to use in a different way. Now acquiring munitions on forecast, as I mentioned before, but we have--we still need to keep at this every year. This is one that is not going to go away in the short term because we really depleted the stocks.    Mr. Visclosky. One final question if I could, Mr. Chairman, on the nuclear force there have been problems in the past as far as morale, esprit de cours, issues have come up. And my sense under your watch is significant steps have been taken and improvements have occurred under both of you, I really should say. Would you just want to comment on that as where you think you are in that process? And, again, from budgetary standpoint, is there anything you would be lacking in 2017 to continue to push as far as that sense of, you know, everybody has a very important responsibility here. And I do believe you have both made very good progress here.    Mr. Visclosky. Yeah. Very good. Thank you both. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate your holding a hearing.    And, gentlemen, appreciate your service and do look forward to your testimony today. Thank you very much.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to talk about the issue of sexual assault and sexual harassment, hostile environment. We have talked about this issue for some number of years. Every year, whether it is the Army, other services, people--and I believe the witnesses are adamant about addressing the issue. And, obviously, it is a societal issue as well. But in May of 2015, in an independent study, RAND found that 14.49 percent of Active Duty women soldiers had been sexually assaulted. Almost 23 percent of Active Duty women soldiers reported experiencing a sexually hostile environment, and 23 percent were sexually harassed in 2014. And we have been talking about this issue for some number of years.    Noticed, and money isn't everything, that there is a reduction in the amount of money committed by the Army to some of these programs. And, apparently, there is great fear--the rationale as to why there are so many reports now is people feel free to come forward. But that is some years ago. But, apparently, there is still great fear about professional and social retaliation within these units. And so, despite the idea that you can now come forward, my sense is the idea that there is still not this pressure in units has not significantly dissipated. I am just in--I know you committed, but what is the Army doing to let people know this just can't keep going on?    Mr. Visclosky. I would continue to encourage you.    General Milley. Can I make a comment, Congressman, if that's okay?    Mr. Visclosky. Sure.    General Milley. As a, you know, commander of multiple units over the years, the focus of effort has got to be the chain of command itself. That is where good order and discipline is established. That is who has personal responsibility, legal responsibility, ethical responsibility, moral responsibility, but personal responsibility for the welfare of those they command, regardless of level. Company, battalion, brigade, it doesn't matter; you are personally responsible for that outfit. And you are personally responsible for the good order and discipline. It is clear. It has been unambiguous since 1775 and the foundation of our Army. So the nexus of solving the problem is enhancing training, educating, and holding accountable unit chains of command. It is unforgivable, unforgivable in my mind, to have sexual assault in a unit. To me it is fratricide. To me it is blue on blue. It is assaulting a fellow soldier. It is unforgivable. It has to be absolutely pursued through unit chains of command. They are doing that, and we are seeing the results of that, as the Secretary already mentioned. So chains of command I think are the key to success to me.    Mr. Visclosky. Yes.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. Mr. Chairman, I will be very brief, and I think Judge Carter led me into my editorial comment, which I try to avoid in these settings. There are very serious people on this committee trying to solve very serious problems. There is a lack of resources. Until one political party in this country comes to grips with the theory and the fact that we have to slow entitlements, we are going to have a deteriorating conversation with next year with you because you don't have enough resources.    Until another political party in this country comes to grips that we can't starve this Nation of investment dollars to invest in our future through additional revenue, we are going to continue to have this conversation with you and others because of a lack of resources. And I would hope that both those parties come to grips with both those issues, so we can make sure you have the resources for not only the helicopters that the chairman alluded to but the training for those who fly them so that they are as safe and as effective as possible. And I hope that day comes much sooner than later, because the Judge is also right: we need more resources.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. Chairman, thank you. I appreciate you holding the hearing.    Gentlemen, I appreciate your service to our country and look forward to your testimony. Thank you very much.    Mr. Visclosky. Would the gentleman----    Mr. Visclosky. I appreciate the gentleman raising the issue.    General, I thought that account had about $19 million in it for the partnership total?    General Grass. Sir----    Mr. Visclosky. Or am I incorrect on that? Because you had mentioned $9.8 million.    General Grass. 9.8 is in the budget right now for 2017. For 2017.    Mr. Visclosky. Okay. So you are asking for 9.8 for 2017.    General Grass. No, sir. It is 9.8 is what came forward in the budget that was requested from Congress. We are asking for a plus-up----    Mr. Visclosky. 2017.    General Grass . Of about $7 million to get us----    Mr. Visclosky. And that was 2017.    General Grass. For 2017.    Mr. Visclosky. Okay. And you used the example with Moldova and North Carolina. Essentially, those moneys for all that transport--and that is an example, it is illustrative--is not coming out of that.    General Grass. And, sir, that was a training point----    Mr. Visclosky. That is to the training point, yeah, right.    General Grass . For the C-17 pilots.    Mr. Visclosky. So the general question, following up, if the gentleman will yield again, is there is a legitimate need for some additional resources here to make sure that is a robust program.    General Grass. Yes, sir. Absolutely. Thank you.    Mr. Visclosky. I appreciate the gentleman yielding.    Mr. Visclosky. No, the gentleman can go ahead.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Grass, under the fiscal year 2016 Defense Authorization Act, some Guard dual-status technicians lose their Title 31 status and become Federal civilian employees under Title 5. Forty-one governors have written to Congress asking the repeal of this provision. Could you tell the committee more about the program and how the conversion directive by the 2016 authorization affects the readiness of your units?    General Grass. Congressman, in the National Defense Authorization Act 2016, as you mentioned, the guidance in there is to convert our technicians, both our dual-status and non-dual-status. Dual-status being someone that is required to wear a uniform to work and they are also required to serve in the unit, but during the work they serve as a technician or a general--a GS type employee.    Mr. Visclosky. And as I understand it, just because we had a conversation, and I didn't grasp this until this past week when we met, that is the majority of your civilian employees.    General Grass. The majority are civilian employees during the week, but they are required to be in uniform, those dual-status. So with a 20 percent conversion, which is what is in the NDAA right now, we are very concerned about the readiness effects as well as the effects on our people. We want to make sure we get it right.    The Technician Act was passed in 1968. So we feel it is a good time to review the legislation and put into place that program. The governors and the adjutants general have told me they are very concerned about losing command and control of those forces and they being available to them in times of disaster in the homeland. So we are working very closely within the Department of Defense to try to find a solution here.    What we really need, sir, is we need a delay. Right now we have to implement on 1 January of 2017, and we feel we are just not ready without having a huge impact on people and readiness. So we need a delay at least until probably fiscal year 2017, which is 1 October of 2018, but a delay of some time to do some more analysis of this Defense Authorization Act, which is law right now.    Mr. Visclosky. Okay. If I could follow up on your earlier conversation we had about the Partnership Program. In this year's budget, the request for the European initiative is increased from $789 million to $3.4 billion. My understanding is we have 22 different partnership programs under the Europe Command. Do you have any sense that some of those funds will be made available to help facilitate what I think everybody acknowledges is a good program?    General Grass. Congressman, they will be. And I will let General Kadavy let you know the things he is working for this summer using the European Re Initiative fund to help pay for some of the training associations that we have with our State partners. And the Air National Guard is doing a lot of the similar-type activity.    General Kadavy. Congressman, in fiscal year 2016 we received $20 million of European Reassurance Initiative funding. That will support 7,776 Army National Guard soldiers doing about 160,000 man days.    So what will this buy? First, there is an exercise, Resolute Castle----    Mr. Visclosky. And that is for 2016, General?    General Kadavy. This is for 2016. This summer, Congressman.    So Resolute Castle, which is an engineer exercise, the Tennessee and Alabama Army National Guard, 1,200 personnel doing engineer projects in training areas in Romania and Bulgaria, their State partners. And then in Anaconda 2016, which is the major exercise this summer, the Army National Guard will provide 2,700 enabling capabilities from air defense to engineers to logistics to transportation.    And then later this summer Saber Guardian 2016 in Romania, one of our combined arms battalion task forces from the 116th ABCT that went to the National Training Center last year will provide a battalion that will go train with the Romanians and other Eastern European allies in Romania later this summer.    And we are going to use ERI in conjunction with annual training and other overseas deployment dollars for most of these exercises to be a 29-day training period for our soldiers.    Mr. Visclosky. And looking ahead to 2017, should we be having a conversation, given the anticipated increase in tempo, as to what the right size figure out of that European initiative should be?    General Kadavy. Right now, Congressman, we believe that we are targeted for $20 million again in fiscal year 2017.    Mr. Visclosky. You should be spending more money in Slovakia, you know that.    General Kadavy. General Carr loves Slovakia. He just returned back from last week.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you.    Mr. Visclosky. That is why he is chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. One question, if I could--thank you, Mr. Chairman--is I think because the Secretary of Defense in December ordered the military to open up all combat jobs to women, that we tend to forget 161 women have lost their lives in Afghanistan and Iraq and over 1,000 have been wounded. But given the directive in December for the Guard, what actions and efforts will you have to undertake to comply with the December directive as far as women being able to apply for all units?    General Kadavy. Congressman, we will follow the Army's program and policy. One of the things that are unique to us is we have always said we take units to soldiers. And so there may be States that don't have combat arms organizations. And if you have a female that wants to serve in a combat arms organization, how do we get around that?    So those are some of the challenges that we will be working through. We don't have the exact answers yet because of the way the Guard is organized is 54 different entities by the States, district, and the territories. But we are working through that. That will be one of the issues, I think, that in particular may impact the Army National Guard.    General Grass. Congressman, if I could add, as a member of the Joint Chiefs, we discussed this topic quite frequently leading up to the decision. And one of the things we felt, that to make this successful we have to get women in some of the top jobs quickly so that they can see that there is a progression within the organization.    I know that General Milley in our last discussions is already looking at finding women that are willing to transfer into these skill sets so that we can get them in the training pipeline, but not just at the entry level. If they are willing to transfer over as a field grade officer, as a company commander, that is what is going to make us successful. And of course on the general officer side as well.    Mr. Visclosky. I thought about that.    General Neal. And, Congressman, for the Air National Guard, we just echo the Air Force. We are recruiting now 100 percent, everything we do is open to women. And we will recruit them. If they want to apply, they go to school, and when they finish training they are fully qualified. So it will be a non-issue for us.    General Talley. Not an issue for the Army Reserve. We are all enablers. So we already had women in all of our positions already. But we did get the third female ranger graduate was an engineer from the United States Army Reserve.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.