    Mr. Grothman. Thank you very much. I guess what we are coming down to is what can we do to make health care affordable. Yes, I strongly agree with Ms. Corlette that we are in the beginning stages of that. I think there are a variety of companies out there, Serigraph owned by John Torinus, in my neck of the woods, who have already found ways to greatly reduce the cost of their health care for employees.    I give a couple of you guys, if you can kind of rattle off what your total costs, not just the cost to the employer, but the cost to the employer plus employee is, in each one of your businesses, or if you don't have I guess--I guess you are all businesses of one nature or another.    We will start with Ms. Corlette since I just finished up with her. What is the total cost per employee at Georgetown University?    Mr. Grothman. You will look into it? It is an important number. We should all know that. Ms. McDonough, what is the cost for health care at Fitbit per employee, in the programs that you cover?    Mr. Grothman. Mr. Zern, do you know?    Mr. Grothman. We need new witnesses. Ms. Franklin, do you know for Hallmark, what is your total cost--    Mr. Grothman. That includes the cost the employee is paying?    Mr. Grothman. What is the cost per employee?    Mr. Grothman. You should keep track of that. It is a little bit embarrassing. What I wanted to do was talk about the difference between costs in corporations, what they are, and costs in government, costs in Medicare, and what they could be. What they could be if you combined an HSA with a wellness program, with an onsite clinic, and you did some sort of co-pay so your employees could shop for the lowest cost health care.    Since none of you know the answer to this, which you all should, since you are experts in the field, I can tell you I think a lot of companies could drop their total costs from about $20,000 to $12,000 per employee. It would be a difficult thing for the government to do since the government is so big, but I think if you had your own onsite clinics without the incentives to send people to expensive specialists, if you get a little bit wellness, even an HSA, so people had a little bit incentive not to run to the doctor at the drop of a hat, you would be amazed how much you four could find a drop in health care costs. It can be done by nonprofits, too.    I think Ms. Corlette, if you get involved in Georgetown's health insurance, I think you would find you could save a lot. There are a lot of universities today that claim they need more money and tuition is so high, but you might find, Ms. Corlette - I recommend you should read Mr. Torinus' book. You might find you could save $6,000 or $7,000 per employee at Georgetown and not have those kids graduating with such excessive debt.    Since people do not know that, I guess I will yield back the remainder of my time. That is what you should focus on, total cost including cost paid for by the employee in your businesses, and see what you can do to drag that down.    Thanks much.