    Mr. Himes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the panel.    I really appreciate this opportunity to reflect after 5 years on the effectiveness of Dodd-Frank. I was here when it was put together and I participated in the many discussions around its creation. And I remember the extravagant, not to say apocalyptic warnings about how this was going to be what everything else, the Democrats proposed at that time, a job-killing bill.    That it would represent--what has generated some echoes here today, a lack of freedom for consumers, and all sorts of other things. And of course--and this caught my attention, it was to devastate, and again, the language was beyond apocalyptic. It was to devastate a key American competitive advantage, our capital markets.    A lot of that criticism has begun to fade such that we hear echoes of it today. It is hard to call all that stuff job killing when you have been through 12 million new jobs created in on average 250,000 jobs added per month. It takes some sting out of that accusation.    The question of the capital markets, though, caught my attention. I have the privilege and sometimes challenge of representing a district which is very, very dense with people who work in the financial services industry. And I am the first to recognize that there was both individual and institutional crazy, if not to say criminal, behavior in the industry.    But it is also true that these capital markets are essential to Main Street, to borrowing for mortgages and student loans and consumer lending, and of course for our businesses. So I thought I might just take a look at the facts around what has occurred in the capital markets in these last 5 years and just together some facts which are displayed there.    And I would ask the Chair for unanimous consent to make this a part of the record.    Mr. Himes. Businesses and people borrow and access capital. On the upper left there, you see the commercial and industrial loans since Dodd-Frank, a very strong rise up 60 percent.    Small businesses, its access venture capital--in the upper right, you see venture capital investments up over 100 percent. People and companies benefit from the stock market.    At the lower left, you see the behavior of the Standard & Poor's 500, up almost 100 percent in the 5 years since Dodd-Frank. That is a pretty darn nice return for some people who got badly hurt in the crisis and of course represents, if nothing else a real vote of confidence for those capital markets that we were promised would be devastated by Dodd-Frank.    Lower right, what about people, consumer credit. Again, we have been hearing a lot today about a reduction in freedom in terms of the products that are available to consumers. The graph in the lower right would suggests that if even if there is a reduction in freedom there and a reduced reduction in choices there has certainly not been reduced consumption of consumer credit.    So I think it is fair to say that the facts demonstrate that Dodd-Frank, far from having a catastrophic effect on the capital markets, actually contributed to the restoration of those markets and something that we consider a key competitive advantage.    We now hear the criticisms reduced to the abstract and academic notion that those things could have been better. If only others had been in charge we would have had a more robust economy or perhaps those charts, which are pretty dramatically in their north-easterly direction, would be somehow more northerly in their direction.    But those facts are important. And they are important because we see efforts to eliminate an awful lot of the protections which I would argue would perhaps turn those graphs around.    I did want to make that point, and that reflection at this 5-year anniversary, but I do have a question. Again, representing as I do the district for whom the financial markets are pretty important, I have always recognized that while a very important and good step forward, Dodd-Frank is far from perfect. And there are in fact changes that should be made. So in the very limited time I have left, I would just love to get from each of you, very quickly, if you could make one change, the change that would draw agreement on the part of peer-reviewed academics and others, if you could make one change to Dodd-Frank, what would it be?    Let me just quickly go from left to right.    Mr. Himes. Thank you.    Mr. Calabria?    Mr. Himes. Thank you.    Mr. Silvers?    Mr. Himes. Restore Glass-Steagall, meaning force a separation of commercial banking activity from brokerages?    Mr. Himes. Thank you.    Mr. Zywicki?    Mr. Himes. Okay. So two Title I's, one CFPB, and Glass-Steagall. Thank you. I appreciate it.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.