    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this important debate.    I believe, as many of you said in your testimony, that the $50 billion threshold doesn't accurately measure systemic importance. And a lot of you have said in your testimony and talked about the advantage of tailoring the enhanced prudential standards so that they are appropriate for the amount of systemic risk that each bank poses. And I personally think that is a more accurate standard. To the extent that a prudential standard is intended to mitigate systemic risk, it should be tailored to the bank's systemic risk.    And while the Fed absolutely has the discretion to tailor the enhanced prudential standards based on each SIFI's systemic risk, that is not what they have done, unfortunately. And to the extent that they have tailored at all, they have based it purely on asset size, which even the Fed agrees doesn't properly measure systemic risk.    In fact, in the Fed's proposed capital surcharge for the biggest eight banks, they propose to calculate each bank's systemic risk based on an indicator-based test that goes beyond mere asset size and then require higher capital surcharges for banks that pose more systemic risk and lower surcharges for banks that pose less systemic risk.    So one idea that I think is worth pursuing is extending that proposal to all 33 banks with over $50 billion in assets and calculating their domestic systemic importance and then requiring the Fed to tailor the prudential standards based on each bank's actual systemic risk.    So, Mr. Simmons, if your bank ended up with a very low systemic risk score, then the prudential standards would have to be tailored to reflect that lower risk. And because the Fed's indicator-based test is based on the same test, I believe, that Mr. Luetkemeyer's bill would require--and I believe there are four standards in it: size; interconnectedness; complexity; and substitutability--using them, I think this might be a good compromise.    So I would like to ask each of the witnesses whether they think it would be helpful to extend the Fed's indicator-based test for systemic risk to all 33 banks over $50 billion?    I would like to start with Mr. Kini and welcome him, because his firm is located in the district I am privileged to represent, and have each witness give your thoughts on this idea.    Thank you.    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. Thank you.    And Dr. Johnson?    Mrs. Maloney. We would keep the $50 billion, but then--    Mrs. Maloney. And Dr. Barth?    Mrs. Maloney. And, Mr. Simmons, who is on the front lines?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. Thank you.