    Mr. Ellis. Thank you very much, Chairman Duncan, Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sires, distinguished committee members. Thank you very much for the opportunity to share my analysis with you today. I will summarize my written remarks for the committee.    Chinese engagement with Latin America, while producing some benefits for some actors in the region, is generating negative consequences, and not only for the region but also for the strategic position of the United States. Moreover, these consequences are evolving but not abating with China's current economic deceleration.    PRC trade with the hemisphere today is 20 times greater than it was in 2001, with China primarily purchasing low-value-added commodities while selling higher-value-added manufactured products and services. China has also loaned more than $119 billion to the region since 2005, with approximately three-quarters going to Argentina and the regimes of ALBA.    The physical presence of Chinese companies in the region has taken off in the last 5 years, particularly in mining and petroleum, construction, manufacturing, telecommunications, logistics, and banking. This presence has given China a greater stake in the internal affairs of the countries in which they operate.    With Taiwan, the PRC has generally honored its 2008 informal agreement not to woo countries, recognizing the others to change their diplomatic position. Yet leaders of countries recognizing Taiwan has regularly expressed interest in establishing relations with the PRC. Thus, if current Taiwan-ROC rapprochement breaks down, I believe that the PRC could rapidly eliminate the remaining basis of ROC diplomatic legitimacy in the hemisphere.    I see the near-term objectives of the PRC in the hemisphere as principally economic, yet no less impactful for the U.S. and the region. Primary products: Food stuffs, markets, and technology.    China's President Xi has clearly engaged the hemisphere more boldly than his predecessors, including important trips in May 2013 and July 2014. The latter included the first China-CELAC summit and, indeed, as Chairman Duncan pointed out, an important Chinese choice to frame its multilateral engagement with the hemisphere around an institution that excludes the United States and Canada.    The current deceleration of the Chinese economy is likely to decrease PRC commodity investments and the value of commodity imports but will also likely expand Chinese efforts to sell its goods and services to the region and to pursue more loan-backed infrastructure projects, increasing tensions in an already-troubled relationship.    I am concerned that the PRC engagement is indirectly undermining democracy and good governance in the region, as loans to populist regimes weaken the accountability of their leaders to citizens and institutions and facilitate corruption.    In addition, PRC military activities in the Western Hemisphere, as acknowledged, are significant and growing. Chinese defense conglomerates, such as Norinco, are selling increasingly capable military goods to an ever-broader array of clients. In addition to the well-known sales to Venezuela, Ecuador, and Bolivia, the Peruvian Army just last month received 27 Chinese artillery vehicles, while Argentina plans to purchase Chinese ocean patrol vessels and armored personnel carriers, among other items.    Chinese military personnel attend courses in Colombia's Tolemaida military base and at Brazil's Jungle Warfare School in Manaus. The PLA has progressed from participation in multilateral forces, such as MINUSTAH in Haiti, to bilateral engagements, including a November 2010 medical exercise with Peru and the December 2011 deployment of its hospital ship, Peace Ark, to the Caribbean. In October 2013, for the first time, Chinese warships conducted combat exercises in the region, including engagements with Chile, Argentina, and Brazil.    My recommendations to the committee respectfully include: Number one, working with our regional partners to strengthen their government institutions for engaging with the PRC so that all get a fair and constructive deal; two, ratifying an effective transpacific partnership open to China in the future is one step in constructing a multilateral rule-of-law-based regime across the Pacific; three, facilitating ties between the Western Hemisphere and Asian partners who share our values, including Japan, South Korea, Australia, and India; four, expanding theater security cooperation to bolster the U.S. position as partner of choice in the region; five, prioritizing a functional inter-American system in which the OAS and not CELAC or UNASUR is the multilateral vehicle to engage China and resolve regional security issues; six, articulating a clearer vision of what the U.S. stands for in the hemisphere and why the U.S. approach best advances broad-based development, prosperity, and human dignity.    Respectfully, the U.S. cannot and should not block China-Latin American engagement, but we must, I feel, work to ensure that it is consistent with our own security, while advancing the wellbeing of those with whom we share this hemisphere.    Thank you very much for your time.    Mr. Ellis. It is a wonderful and very important question.    Mr. Ellis. A wonderful and very important question, Mr. Chairman.    I have the opportunity to interact regularly with colleagues in China, and I remember at least three colleagues shortly after Secretary Kerry's speech before the OAS actually called me or emailed me saying, did he really mean it?    Clearly, China looks for signals, and I think that was an important signal that, at the very least, China should not decelerate its pursuit of economic and strategic objectives in the region.    And, certainly, while our Department of State has done some very credible and very good work and thinking on the topic, clearly, with some of the difficulties with respect to U.S. embassies and some of the lack of Presidential-level engagement on this topic, respectfully, I think Latin America has clearly perceived that lack. And, in that vacuum, I think, as well, when one takes a look at the relative lack of definitions for what the United States has to offer the region, that China's seemingly value-neutral, you know, ``Take our money, we will help you develop,'' fills that vacuum.    Mr. Ellis. I think an important point which you raised by this is the fact that perhaps 80 percent of all of the projects that we commonly talk about do not ultimately happen, but those 20 percent and also the expectations raised by this are reshaping the region.    I concur that the Nicaragua Canal project is probably about 6 months behind schedule and is probably on the point of falling apart. We can mention other projects, from investment in Pampa de Pongo, the mine in Peru, Rio Blanco, others, the failed Dragon Mart project in Mexico, the Mexico City-Queretaro railroad. The list goes on and on.    And the fact is that not only do the Chinese have difficulty in engaging with the region, but, for that reason, many of the projects fall apart. However, the fact is that the projects that do go through--approximately $55 billion in investment to Venezuela, about $12 billion to Ecuador--reshapes and keeps alive those ALBA countries.    The net effect on trade relationships is we are moving toward what experts call the reprimatization of the region, which actually makes them much more vulnerable, the region much more vulnerable, as we see declining commodity demand right now.    We are seeing a shift in the institutional balance of the region. When we say, well, what keeps UNASUR alive, what keeps CELAC alive, and why are countries pulling away from the inter-American system, the OAS, one has to look at the impulse, the inspiration of being able to turn to Chinese markets even if some of those key projects are indeed in doubt.    Mr. Ellis. Thank you very much, Chairman Salmon. I think you raise an excellent question. And I, indeed, in my own writings, have been a strong advocate of a TPP, but certainly an effective and well-negotiated final TPP.    What I see is for both our Asian partners and our Latin American partners, the question is this emerging importance of the trans-Pacific. What are the rules that governs economic interactions? Will it be a Pacific in which the states which are larger and better able to coordinate their government and financial and commercial institutions can kick open the door, bring away intellectual property, impose their labor laws and workers on others? Or is it a rule-of-law Pacific environment in which there is respect for labor laws, in which there is respect for intellectual property, in which all states have the opportunity to reap the fruit of their hard work and good policies, whether Japan or China or otherwise?    I certainly am a strong advocate of a future TPP which remains open to China but one in which we have a prosperous Pacific, in which China and the other players play by the rules. And I believe that that creates a bigger pie for all parts of the Pacific community.    Mr. Ellis. Yes.    Mr. Ellis. An excellent question.    China is very careful not to impose its own concept of a model but very happy to allow others to draw from China the lessons that they will.    What concerns me is, in many ways, there is a new ideological struggle that I see of the 21st century, represented to some degree by the model of states such as the ALBA states, a very statist concept of how you negotiate with Asia, versus that which is represented by, for example, our partners, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, but, as well, the Alliance of the Pacific.    What concerns me in states like Nicaragua and Ecuador and others, to a certain extent Bolivia, et cetera, is that the opportunity to have Chinese money allows populist leaders to do direct relationships, which gets them away from accountability and oversight as previously imposed by institutions such as the Inter-American Development Bank, et cetera.    And, in many ways, the reason why China has loaned so much to Venezuela, over $55 billion, but has had very little success in the projects that they have pursued very hard in countries like Mexico and Colombia and elsewhere is that those countries have established laws and institutions and strong bureaucracies and are less willing to bend to the Chinese rules, whereas countries such as Venezuela have been more willing to do state-to-state deals.    And, at the end of the day, that disadvantages not only Western businesses but, I believe, disadvantages the rule of law in the region. It encourages corruption and bad governance. And, really, it prejudices the people of the region and their long-term democratic interests and development, I believe.    Mr. Ellis. Well, certainly China does have rules. However, its understanding of how those rules restrain it and the degree to which it enforces those rules, especially with respect to companies overseas, is a gray area. Indeed, many fear that one of the sources of a reduction in Chinese foreign overseas investment may be that the crackdown on SOE heads in China itself may make China's leaders reluctant to pursue deals which would lead to their personal enrichment in places in Latin America.    But certainly the deeper question that you raise is a very important one, and that is that to the extent that you do not have an analog of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, those type of deals increase corruption in the region at two levels.    Mr. Ellis. Probably one of the best examples that comes up--and of course ownership is a difficult concept. We talked about the Nicaragua Canal. And when we take a look at the mysterious Mr. Wang Jing, although he is basically a defense contractor in the Chinese parlance, the offices that he has in the region and Hong Kong are filled with, you know, patriotic paraphernalia, however, when one actually looks at his primary company, a telecommunications company called Xinwei, which is involved in building a system-of-systems type of infrastructure for the PLA, the way that he got to be a very young 47-something-year-old billionaire is because he made a leveraged buyout to this company and then miraculously that company began getting billions of dollars of contracts from the PLA.    And so certainly aside from Hutchison and your very good point about Hutchison's relation--and Hutchison, of course, was just recently bought by a mainland Chinese company--but I think one of the things that worries me about Wang Jing is the fact that those ties through Xinwei indicate that certainly there are certainly interests. If there are commercial interests, there are interests behind those interests. And I think, you know, that that needs to be a concern as we look at the nature of the relationship in the future.    Mr. Ellis. I think that to some degree the right kind of meddling is useful. One of the dilemmas that China finds itself in right now, for example, with the change in government in Guyana, the new, very effective government of Dr. David Granger, China suddenly finds that the dirty deals that it makes with one government, when it is replaced by another government, it now finds problems. It faces the same dilemma----    Mr. Ellis. But I think also, with all respect, one of the things that I believe that we need more of--and it is ironic because it is a point that is made I think very effectively in the most recent defense and diplomacy review document that the State Department has put out--is value-based leadership.    In my respective judgment, what we have done--what we have not done sufficiently is explain why the U.S. concept of rule of law and free markets in democracy will bring broad-based development and why it is the best deal, why going with the easy deal with the Chinese money does not bring sustainable development, why going with particularistic negotiations between a leader and a Chinese company is not the best way to bring value added in the company involved. And I don't think that we do that effectively enough in explaining our case to the region.    Mr. Ellis. I think they are very good questions. China's interest, in my judgment--I am sorry, Latin America's interest--ranges from the legitimate and the commercial to the less legitimate. I think it is reasonable for many Latin American businessmen and leaders to see opportunities in Chinese markets, to see opportunities in attracting Chinese investment, to see new possibilities for funding sources.    Not all of those interests are illegitimate. However, it is a spectrum. Because as we move into other types of things, the opportunity of a Hugo Chavez and now Nicolas Maduro to be able to escape good financial oversight and democratic institutions and things like that because he can get the quick Chinese loan or now the $10 billion in new Chinese loans in the runup to the December 6 congressional elections in Venezuela.    And it goes into the personal as well. One takes a look at one of the sons of Daniel Ortega, Laureno Ortega, who was instrumental in putting together the Nicaragua Canal deal, as well as the telecom financing deal in Nicaragua with Xinwei.    And the fact is that the Chinese deal, in part because of the lack of oversight, provide both personal enrichment opportunities, as well as opportunities for leaders who don't want to have to adhere to the types of values that the United States is promoting, democracy, labor rights, free markets, transparency, to be able to get away from that.    But only get away from that for a time because ultimately it leads to a greater collapse, because of the economic contradictions, because of the poor governance. But when that collapse comes, it prejudices us because it is we in this hemisphere who are geographically, physically, economically, and by ties of family related to the hemisphere, whereas the consequences are much more indirect in terms of what happens when those deals go bad for China.    Mr. Ellis. Yes. As you know, in 2008, then newly elected Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou formed an informal agreement with then Chinese President Hu Jintao to basically suspend this politics of the checkbook.    What has happened in general is that they have honored that relationship. But I also look toward the importance of the future. In other words, in that time since 2008, just about every Central American and Caribbean president who has recognized Taiwan has expressed an interest in changing. We saw it with President Lugo, then president of Paraguay. We saw it with President Funes in El Salvador. We saw it with President Zelaya and later President Lobo in Honduras. We saw it with President Martinelli in Panama, et cetera, et cetera.    The Chinese have said no. But the way I look at it is that they have prioritized the resolution of their dispute between brothers over any short-term gains that they could get from Central America and the Caribbean. In that sense, I think it has been a lesson for where their priorities actually lie.    But what concerns me about that is that if that truce ever breaks down, it is very clear that China has been advancing its commercial engagement offices of CPIET, et cetera, so that if China decided to start accepting that interest in changing, very, very rapidly Taiwan would find itself without diplomatic recognition and in a grave situation diplomatically in the region.    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Sires, I think you raise a very, very important question. Thank you for the opportunity.    To me, I agree with you that the OAS has deep, deep difficulties. When I look at this from a strategic perspective, though, I ask myself, is it in the interest of the United States to try to empower a debilitated institution or to let it die or be ineffective.    And when I look at the alternatives, it worries me. For example, China chose to engage with CELAC, which excludes the United States. Other states in the region, one could say Brazil, have interests in the empowerment of UNASUR to fight the region's interests as opposed to the OAS.    But if the OAS remained ineffective, we, in my judgment, do not have an effective vehicle. China was an observer member of the OAS since 2004, but they chose to work through CELAC. Our Colombian friends came asking for help from the OAS to resolve. To me, if we allow the OAS to be ineffective, and that goes down to leadership on our part, then we prejudice ourselves respectively strategically in the hemisphere. That is my respectful opinion.