    Mr. Paolillo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My name is Claudio Paolillo. I am the chairman of the Freedom of the Press and Information Committee, Inter-American Press Association. On behalf of the Inter-American Press Association, I want to thank this subcommittee for this invitation to participate in this important hearing. We have already submitted to the subcommittee a written and detailed report with some recommendations.    Freedom of the press and of expression in the hemisphere underwent a marked deterioration in recent months due to a significant increase in direct and indirect censorship and physical attacks on journalists. Violence carried out by organized crime, drug traffic hit men, and police-style groups on the orders of several governments in the region left on balance, more than 20 journalists murdered during the past 12 months in Honduras, Paraguay, Mexico, El Salvador, Colombia, and Peru.    But while the murders of journalists is terrible news for press freedom in the region, let me focus on two types of censorship which are of main concern to IAPA. Firstly, censorship in the Cuban dictatorship. The Governments of the United States and Cuba began a new relationship on July 20. Of course, it is too early to make definitive evaluations, but the reopening of Embassies in Washington and Havana did not produce any improvement in the practice of journalism or people's access to free information.    Nobody in Cuba is authorized to establish an independent media external to the government, and the ones that exist are those belonging to the regime. Internet access is virtually impossible for ordinary citizens.    Now, recently, 15 independent journalists, bloggers, and activists for freedom were arrested. After the resumption of relations with the United States, practices of meetings, arrests, intimidations, harassment, and vandalism against openness and independent journalists persisted; three of them are in jail now.    The government of Raul Castro has asserted repression, using paramilitaries trying to avoid the traces of the regime to be recorded. In 2014, there were 9,000 arrests for short periods, which is the new repressive tactic of the Castro brothers. Since IAPA's point of view, the resumption of relations between the U.S. and Cuba will not be good news per se unless there is good news for the return of freedom to the Caribbean island.    The least we can expect after more than a half a century is a kind of give and take, something like a barter with the Cuban regime. The isolation policy applied during 15 years can be discussed, but the price of defending freedom was valid during this 15 years, and it is valid now.    Secondly, censorship in legal dictatorships. With varying degrees, there are now legal dictatorships in Venezuela, Nicaragua, Bolivia, and Ecuador. Argentina has followed similar paths, but in that country, there still remains some liberties that make it a unique case. This description of legal dictatorships may sound a bit strong, but we would try to explain it using the example of Ecuador.    Since January 2007, in Ecuador, President Rafael Correa imposes a system which keeps in his fist the control of the three branches. He has decided to perpetrate endlessly in office to silence the independent and critical press, Correa displaced an ongoing campaign against the media, journalists, and citizens who have different opinions from his.    But unlike Cuba, where there is in place a dictatorship that everyone recognizes as such, in Ecuador and the other countries mentioned, there are constitutions and laws based on which the freedoms of speech and press are attacked legally. In Ecuador is in force since June 2013 the communications act, the most perfect and effective gag law created in recent times in Latin America. This law is imposed against any critical comment by a team of 300 officials who are under the order of a censor appointed and directed by President Correa.    To give you an idea, the gag law already enabled the government to impose 37 types of sanctions against nongovernment media outlets: Five verbal warnings, seven fines, four orders of rectifications, four answers imposed by the government, four orders to apologize, seven written warnings, two suspensions of radio frequencies, and three forced answers in specific radio programs.    In Ecuador and the other countries mentioned, one can say that there are elected governments but not necessarily democratic governments and much less republican governments. Yes, there are elections, but there is no separation of powers. There is no independent judiciary. There is no respect for individual rights, and freedom of the press is constantly under attack. Therefore, we speak about legal dictatorships.    Paradoxically, as they are elected, it is more difficult to denounce them than the very Cuban dictatorship. Without a free press, as our Declaration of Chapultepec says, democracy doesn't exist, let alone free and legitimate elections. You cannot say that people choose when they do not know what are they going to choose.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Paolillo. Well, as I already said, Argentina is not the same as Venezuela, Ecuador, Bolivia, and Nicaragua. There remain a number of liberties that are under attack by the Kirchners' government mainly. We have to take in account that the Kirchners are now 12 years in office, first Nestor Kirchner, then his wife.    But there are a score of denounces of journalist, freedom-of-the-press organizations against Argentina. Because, for example, the President used the national chain for channels and radios to insult journalists, to expose the private lives of journalists. And on media also, there is suppression, absolutely illegitimate.    And there is managing money with discretionary political differences. Millions of dollars of official advertisement that goes for the media that is in favor of the government, that doesn't go to the media that is critical or independent.    So, yes, in Argentina, it seems the Kirchner family took power, the freedom of the press has lowered. But, in Argentina, as we don't have in Ecuador or Venezuela and Nicaragua and Bolivia, there still remain TV programs, for example, or newspapers that can fight against this authoritarian regime but not a totalitarian regime yet.    Mr. Paolillo. Yes, I would like to say that, first, 14ymedio is a great job of Yoani Sanchez, as you said. It's okay. But no Cuban can read 14ymedio. We can read 14ymedio from abroad but not from Cuba.    But I would like to underline, as to your question, that there are some countries where freedom of the press is more or less respected, or mainly respected. And that includes Costa Rica. That includes my country, Uruguay, which is a leftist government, but, nevertheless, there is respect for freedom of the press.    Brazil, as Carlos said, is another example. Without the freedom of the press in Brazil, the big cases of corruption wouldn't have been known by the people and by the judiciary after that.    Panama, who had--the press of Panama, who had a bad time during the Martinelli period, they printed denounces about the corruption of that government. And they had the freedom to do it, and they did it. And now the former officers of the Martinelli government are going to jail in Panama because of the work and the job of the press.    Thank you.    Mr. Paolillo. Yes. About the reach of these----    Mr. Paolillo. Yes. This information we have already gave to you here. I would like to talk about the U.S. and the U.S. Government and U.S. Congress. Thank you for organizing this panel and this hearing.    But it is my point of view, the United States Government is not so involved in these problems as we would like the U.S. Government to be. Of course, we are not asking for any intervention, military intervention, nothing like that. But as a suggestion, I have this one. The Congress of the United States should persuade the executive branch to have a stronger voice in body where America and Latin America interact; that is the Organization of American States.    There is no news about legal dictatorships, as I call them, in Latin America. In the past, Mr. Anastasio Somoza, who was the dictator of Nicaragua for 40 years, used to say--used to hold elections, and he said, don't worry, you can vote freely, but the one who is going to count the vote is me, so don't worry about that. And he remained in power for 40 years as a dictator.    So this is happening now in our countries, in some of our countries. In the countries I mentioned, there are legal dictatorships.    And there is in place and was approved precisely in September 11, 2001, a document in the Organization of American States that is called the Inter-American Democratic Charter that was approved by all the governments of the region and is still in force.    I think, just as we ask to other governments of Latin America, we ask the Government of the United States to urge each members of governments of the inter-American community to put in practice the principles that are in that charter that is in place now, is in force now. That is the only thing.    Thank you.    Mr. Paolillo. About Uruguay, I can say that the press is the main thing to the check and balances in that country, because there is freedom of the press in the country. So social media is very active, but the press is very active also. So that is a very--the very best environment for freedom of expression, one of the best environments in Latin America, I think.    The rest of the region, I can see that citizens, regular citizens, using more and more social media to protest against authoritarian regimes. But the government still points out to the traditional media to silence the information and the reports or whatever. So, despite that social media is growing, the activities of regular citizens in social media is growing, the traditional media still has a lot of force in Latin America.    And regular people are not doing investigative reporting, checking facts or whatever. They are just denouncing situations. But you cannot compare that with the traditional media. There is no mistake of Mr. Correa and his colleagues targeting the traditional media, because this is the one that has the journalists paid for doing investigations, deep investigations.    So I think, again, social media is very active throughout the region, but the traditional media is also very important.