    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, you know, many people today, both liberal and conservative, say that the original decision to go into Iraq in 2002 was the biggest foreign policy mistake in the history of this country. William Buckley, for instance, said similar words to that shortly before he passed away. George Will wrote a column saying that the neoconservatives, who were the strongest advocates of our war, were really the most--very misnamed people, he said actually they were the most radical people in this city. And the more we read about this, the worse it seems to get.    Just yesterday, for instance, I read that the New York Times had written that most of the leadership of ISIS and most of its soldiers were former members of the Iraqi Army and that we made a mistake when we followed our policy of de-Baathification and disbanding the Iraqi Army shortly after we started that second war in Iraq. Do you gentlemen think the New York Times was correct? Are most of the leadership of ISIS former Iraqi military people?    Anybody? Yes, sir.    Mr. Duncan. Let me say this, I know some of us are wanting, some people will want us to go in a big way back into Syria. Yet, General Petraeus testified a couple of weeks ago at a Senate hearing that Putin's foreign reserves are less than $200 billion total. And I saw the 60 Minutes report this past Sunday night about ISIS and it said in that report, and I have the transcript here, that we're spending $10 million a day, in our bombing campaign, which has been going on for 14 months, that's $300 million a month. Apparently over the 14 or 15 months we have been doing this, we have spent about $4.5 to $5 billion on this so far.    Yet, the military man said that ISIS has been able to replace its bed with new recruits. So the estimated number of enemy figures remains unchanged, 20 to 30,000 last year, 20 to 30,000 this year. David Martin, the CBS correspondent, said so as long as they can keep bringing fighters in there, are you just shoveling sand against the tide? And then he ended up his report saying this, he said some 25,000 American bombs have been dropped so far, all the firepower and technology of a superpower, even supersonic stealth aircraft directed against an enemy in pickup trucks intent on dragging the Middle East back to the Middle Ages.    I think at some point, since we are over $18 trillion in debt, at some point, somebody is going to have to start showing some progress as far as I'm concerned. And you can do anything to ISIS, the worst punishment that you can come up with. But, on the other hand, we can't just keep throwing billions and billions and billions of dollars and not showing any progress. And, in fact, some people think it's helping to radicalize or even help recruit troops for ISIS.    At some point, these people in the Middle East are going to have to start fighting their own wars because we can't afford to just keep pouring billions or even trillions down these Middle Eastern rat holes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.