    Mrs. Maloney. Let me----    Mrs. Maloney. OK, first of all, I would like to apologize really to the ranking member and to the chair for not being here earlier, but I had to chair a Financial Services Committee for the Democrats and had a prior meeting earlier this morning, too, on income inequality, which is very disturbing. In the past couple years, the gap between the haves and have-nots is growing deeper and stronger. And it is not good for the rich or the poor, or the Black, the White, the Asian, or whatever. It is a very disturbing trend.    And I want to go through some legislative changes that could reduce, possibly, disability fraud from the IG report.    But I just want to preface it by saying that the world seems to be getting more unfair every day. Workers are being asked to give more and receive less in return, and some are equating the demise or the weakening of the labor movement to the reason that the gap is taking place in our--between our haves and have-nots.    But I do say that it is rare for labor and management to have an equal stake in their working relationships. Usually it is not the case. And here, for once, the partnership between the Federal Government, the American worker, and the industry seems to be working OK. And I would like to get your remarks on it from all of the members here.    But one of the recommendations that was a legislative recommendation--so I want to focus on the legislation recommendations since we are a legislative body--recommended that the three-member RRB structure be eliminated.    So I would like to begin with the chairman of the RRB, Mr. Schwartz, on what do you consider to be the key strengths and weaknesses of this organizational structure, and do you agree with the IG recommendation that the structure be eliminated?    Mrs. Maloney. Well, how do you balance? You said basically that there is competing priorities or stakes from the three Board members. How do you balance the competing priorities of the three Board members in the decisionmaking process?    Mrs. Maloney. OK, Mr. Bertoni, you are representing the GAO, correct?    Mrs. Maloney. And does the GAO or you have any objections to the current RRB structure, or what are your comments on it?    Mrs. Maloney. And, Mr. Dickman, you recommended, I understand, that this be changed legislatively.    Mrs. Maloney. And could you give me your reasons?    Mrs. Maloney. And finally, if I could, Mr. Schwartz, can you discuss the potential merits or drawbacks of this recommendation, this basic change in the current RRB?    Mrs. Maloney. And then my time is expired.    Mrs. Maloney. Well, basically, I believe--I don't want to paraphrase.    Mrs. Maloney. But I believe Mr. Dickman recommended that you basically privatize it, or do away with it completely.    Mrs. Maloney. And put one person in charge. Am I saying what you are saying? Isn't that what you said?    Mrs. Maloney. And the Chairman would come from where? What's your recommendation?    Mrs. Maloney. Presidential appointees. OK.    Mrs. Maloney. But not the two other members. The labor member and the management member would drop down and just be advisors.    Mrs. Maloney. And then the President would appoint someone. I think this is important to hear Mr. Schwartz' response to the recommendation.    If we could have a little extra time, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Maloney. And then my time is up. Thank you. Thank you very much.