    Mr. Mulvaney. Staying right there, Mr. Gruenberg, on the prefiling of meetings, can you do that on your own initiative or would it help if we made the formal request?    Mr. Mulvaney. Got you.    Here's why I think you are hearing so many of us pound on this lack of new entry into the market.    And, Mr. Johnson, it's good to see you, again.    Mr. Johnson and I have talked several times over in the House Financial Services Committee. While he and I don't agree on many things, what we probably will agree on, that if you see an industry that is seeing increasing in profits--and certainly one of the criticisms of the financial services industry is they are actually making money--typically, Dr. Johnson, what we would see is a flow of new entries. New capital will go into someplace that's actually making money. So there's a disconnect here.    And I hear what you're saying about the environment being tough for new entrants because of low interest rates, but, clearly, somebody is making money. And I don't have a problem with that.    Yes, Mr. Johnson, I will, I promise, I'm last, so they will probably give me a little bit more time. But I want to stay on this a second.    Let me ask you. Let's drill down a little bit more. You don't track your prefile meetings, how many applications did you actually formally begin, say, last year? You said you approved one. How many actually formally started the process?    Mr. Mulvaney. How many actually got started?    Mr. Mulvaney. So you approved two of two? That's fascinating.    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay. I'm sorry, how long?    Mr. Mulvaney. How long is it supposed to take to get your bank approved?    Mr. Mulvaney. Out of the two that you approved last year, how long did each one of those take?    Mr. Mulvaney. Maybe I misunderstood. I thought I heard--again, we're talking over each other a little bit--that one of the applications that was approved this year was received in 2014. Is that not right?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay.    Mr. Mulvaney. Let me ask this. Mr. Browning, you said that there are some statutory requirements on how long is this supposed to take? Did I hear that correctly?    Mr. Mulvaney. I won't ask the question about whether or not everybody believes that new entry into the market is healthy, because I think other folks have asked you that question. And everybody, universally, has said that it is, whether you are running the Deposit Insurance Corporation or you're an academic or actually in the business, that new entrance is helpful.    Mr. Gruenberg, you said you were doing some things to help encourage that, and said you were trying to reduce--you said regulatory burden can act as a barrier to entry.    By the way, off the top of your head, do you know of any portions of Dodd-Frank that, perhaps, shouldn't be applied to community banks?    Mr. Mulvaney. Well, if you wouldn't, who would? I mean, I think we all admit that Dodd-Frank, even those of us who oppose it--I wasn't here at the time--was designed to supposedly prevent another meltdown with the large financial institutions. It was not intended to deal with, necessarily, the community banks that weren't at all involved during the financial meltdown. In fact, some places were actually profitable during that time.    You've heard testimony that said there is a trickle-down theory. So my question to you is, have you seen the trickle-down theory, and can you name any portions of Dodd-Frank that were never intended for, perhaps, smaller financial institutions but that have ultimately impacted them?    Mr. Mulvaney. Right.    Mr. Mulvaney. What about the Volcker rule, do you think that should apply to small banks?    Mr. Mulvaney. You're absolutely right, except they have a regulatory burden to prove that they don't participate, don't they?    Mr. Mulvaney. You mentioned in response, I think, to Mr. Carter that you had taken steps to reduce the regulatory burden on small banks. By the way, did I hear you correctly say it costs about a million dollars to do this?    Mr. Mulvaney. Yes, sir.    Mr. Mulvaney. And I also heard you say that the minimum amounts you would like to see in terms of capital are someplace about 2 million, but that the average is someplace around $10 to $20.    Mr. Mulvaney. Does that ratio bother you at all, that it might take up to 50 percent of my working capital to get approved for my bank?    Mr. Mulvaney. Correct.    Mr. Mulvaney. Can you give us two or three examples of the ways you've reduced the regulatory burden or the costs in the last year? If we are trying to encourage new entries, can you give us two or three real examples of what the FDIC is doing to reduce those barriers to entry?    Mr. Mulvaney. Yeah, but that only--okay.    Mr. Mulvaney. But it hasn't worked, right? I mean, you've only got two applications and you got two approvals, it hasn't encouraged new entry into the market.    Mr. Mulvaney. I'm asking what you meant by encourage new entry.    Mr. Mulvaney. I could go on, but I'm already way over my time. You've been very gracious, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mulvaney. To follow up, and I appreciate the opportunity, Mr. Chairman.    When we left off, Mr. Gruenberg, we were talking about two or three things that you all have done to try and encourage new entry. And I don't think we finished that conversation. So can you name two or three things you've done in the last, I don't know, 2 or 3 years to try and encourage more entry into this space?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay.    Mr. Mulvaney. I appreciate that and don't want to, and won't, diminish that. But looking at the appendix from your testimony, it seems like maybe we could be doing more, because it doesn't seem to be working, that the numbers seem to be there have been 49 total applications received since 2009 and only 3 have been approved. I'm not real good on math, but that's really close to, like, 6 percent approval.    What does return mean in your world, Mr. Gruenberg, on an application? If an application is returned, what does that--that's not an approval, right?    Mr. Mulvaney. And then a withdrawal would be similar to a return or----    Mr. Mulvaney. All right. So return is the closest thing to a rejection that you guys do then, I guess, is what it comes down to?    Mr. Mulvaney. It's not that big a deal, because you haven't done one since 2010, so I'm just trying to get the nomenclature right.    Mr. Mulvaney. Correct. Okay. And there are two pending, apparently?    Mr. Mulvaney. Absolutely. To the chairman, I've learned that that's usually a good practice.    Mr. Mulvaney. If return equals rejection----    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the chairman.    Dr. Johnson, thank you. It's good to see you again. Let's talk about barriers to entry and talk about new capital formation.    It's healthy, right? You and I would agree? You and I typically disagree on a lot of thing, but we'd agree new entrants into this space is a good thing. I think you said that earlier. So, in your mind, what could we be doing? If you and I both agree on an end goal, we might disagree on how to get there, but what are your ideas on how to encourage new entrants into this market?    Mr. Mulvaney. Yes.    Mr. Mulvaney. But let me cut you off there, and I'm sorry to do that, but I get to do that, because I'm on this other side of the aisle, right? I apologize.    But you said something else, which is regarding economies of scale. One of the reasons that the small banks can't be as profitable is because they don't have economies of scale. You mentioned specifically technology. Would you agree with me, sir, that there's an economy of scale when it comes to compliance and that it's easier for the big banks to meet the compliance regulations and requirements than it is a small bank?    Mr. Mulvaney. Capital is trying to find a way into this space.    Mr. Mulvaney. And I think it's rare, so I'm enjoying it while it's lasting.    I guess my primary point is this, is that if we boil it down to just three barriers to entry, and we know that's not the case, but if the three that we've talked about today were the low interest rate environment, the high regulatory burden, and the technology component, there's really only one that anybody at that table can do anything about, and it's Mr. Gruenberg. And he could help lower the regulatory burden.    We can't--technology is market driven. And the Fed has more to do--as much as I'd like to think we have more influence over them than do, we don't. So we don't have much influence over the interest rate environment, but we do have influence over the regulatory burden to new entry into this marketplace. And I'm hopeful that maybe as a result of this hearing we can try and do something about that.    I thank the chairman for the opportunity.