    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I have to say it is been a very interesting hearing, so I commend you for bringing this quality panel here together. Really, it has been very interesting.    Mr. Cheng, let me begin with you, if I can. President Reagan famously had the goal of a 600-ship Navy. Does President Obama share that goal?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you. And it is my understanding I think we are down to, I am not on Armed Services, but we are down in the 250s, I believe, now as far as ships. And yes, some of them are more powerful than the ones when we--that we had when the great Ronald Reagan was President of this nation. But it is pretty scary, I think.    As a matter of fact, if I have my facts straight, I believe that for the last 25 years that China has increased its military expenditures over the previous years by double digits for the last 25 years whereas I think this President's stated goals has been to reduce substantially all the branches of the government. I think all the--not the branches of the government. I mean, I think much of the government other than the military should be dramatically reduced.    He seems to think one of those three branches is much more important than, historically, I think our founders envisioned a couple of the other branches.    But as far as the numbers, I think we are going to be down to numbers in our army that are pre-World War II. I think we have the smallest air force that we have had since we had an air force. Shipbuilding and number of ships is going in the wrong direction. So it is absolutely frightening, I think, particularly when you look at the world as it is today.    My colleague, Mr. Rohrabacher, was talking about has China come along. Have they liberalized when we have done things like given them most favored nation, when we trade with them all the time?    I think we have bent over backwards to have a cooperative relationship with them. Have they, just talking about a couple areas--maybe I've missed something--but have they changed their view toward Taiwan, for example, recently?    Mr. Chabot. All right. That's what I thought.    Mr. Chabot. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Have they moderated their views towards, say, the Falun Gong recently? Did I miss that, by any chance?    Mr. Chabot. Are they still rounding people up, putting them in hospitals, murdering them and selling their body parts?    Mr. Chabot. I thought maybe they were still doing that.    How about the big aside, suddenly Free Tibet? Did I miss that one, by any chance? Have they changed their views toward Tibet?    Mr. Chabot. And how much effort have they made, really, to rein in, say, North Korea, which actually could be helpful to not only that region to--but world peace if they would actually do it? Have they done much of anything in that area?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you. Because that's something they really could do that would make a big difference to the whole world. I've long held the view that the only thing that will ever really get their attention is if South Korea and Japan--they don't have to have a nuclear program, but they ought to seriously think about one.    I think that would get China's attention and probably about the only thing that would get them to back down and to cooperate with respect to North Korea. I've only got a minute left.    I had a million questions, but let me turn to you if I can, Mr. Colby. You had mentioned the TPP--Trans-Pacific Partnership--and how if we don't move forward with it that it is going to send a message that the U.S. is otherwise engaged, although the public's view tends to be that that's just--that just helps China, you know, which is ironic because the reality is it is just the opposite.    If the U.S. doesn't with our allies establish the rules there then ultimately China will because they're the big partner in the neighbourhood and they bully everybody around.    But to be quite honest with you, both in the House here to some degree and certainly in the Senate, a lot of people are running for the high grass on that one. We've got both Presidential candidates--Hillary Clinton, who had said it was the gold standard, but when Bernie was chasing her around she went into the high grass too and switched completely, and Donald Trump, of course, has also come out strongly against it. So, do you see any hope there or what----    Mr. Chabot. Thank you very much. My time has expired, Mr. Chairman.