    Ms. Garton. Good morning, Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, Chairman Smith, and members of the Subcommittee. My name is Jilda Diehl Garton, and I serve as the Vice President for Research and General Manager of Georgia Technology Research Corporation at Georgia Tech.    Georgia Tech is a comprehensive public university with more than 25,000 undergraduate and graduate students. We reported more than $765 million in research expenditures in 2015 with research funding from a variety of federal and non-federal sponsors. Private industry sponsors about 13 percent of the total research activity at Georgia Technology, and includes several dozen SBIR and STTR subcontracts. And we do a little tech transfer at Georgia Tech. Georgia Tech is among the top 25 universities in the number of U.S. patents granted in 2014, and over the past five years, 81 companies have been formed based on Georgia Tech technologies.    SBIR and STTR programs are important to universities because these are important to our technology transfer ecosystems. America's universities create amazing new inventions every day. My own institution will receive about 350 invention disclosures this year alone. As creators and stewards of these inventions, we have an obligation to make them available to the public in the form of new products, new drugs, new assistive technologies and new services. University technology transfer works with the private sector to move technologies from the laboratory into companies that can develop them, invest in them, and commercialize them. It's this ecosystem that we want to develop.    Universities value the SBIR and STTR programs, and we generally support their permanent reauthorization at their current set-aside levels, and that's because these are important parts of that ecosystem.    In thinking about how to discuss our experiences with the SBIR and STTR programs, I thought it might be helpful to offer an example that illustrates how the SBIR program in particular interacts with other parts of the innovation ecosystem on my campus to support new ventures that are trying to bring new technologies onto market. I've given you a couple of examples also in my written testimony including one woman-owned company.    Pindrop is an Atlanta-based company that markets a way to combat telecommunications fraud through something they call acoustic fingerprinting. The technology resulted from Department of Defense-funded research that was conducted by a professor in the College of Computing and to students. The invention was closed to GTRC in 2010 and licensed to a new company in 2011. Pindrop's management participated in and was mentored by Georgia Tech's NSF I-Corps program. We're very proud to have been one of those original three nodes.    The company went on to work with our SBIR assistance office, which helps companies that are formed in our environment reach out and identify opportunities in SBIR and STTR programs at various agencies and prepare proposals and submit them in a way that will help them get funded. Pindrop won one of those SBIR awards, and went on to develop their technology, and in January 2016, Pindrop received Series C investment from Google Finance. They're on their way to being a major company in this space.    Pindrop's story shows how development inside the university readied the technology for the marketplace and de-risked it. SBIR funds increased the likelihood that the company would become successful. As it developed its technology, it became more attractive for private-sector investment. Pindrop's story also demonstrates how long it takes and how much investment is actually needed.    You've asked us for advice in areas of potential improvement as you consider the reauthorization of these programs, and I would be remiss if I did not point out that Pindrop would not have been possible without basic research. As the federal investment in research and development conducted at U.S. universities is constrained, it's important to acknowledge that funding basic science and engineering has to be a priority because that's what fills the pipeline of discoveries that feed the innovation ecosystem.    Universities are interested in seeking balance. If I have one thing to offer for your consideration, it would be to focus on the overall fiscal budgets for the research funding agencies and ensure robust investment in basic and applied research to support the highest quality peer-reviewed research.    It remains the case that there's a funding gap that sometimes prevents universities from moving new discoveries and technology into the marketplace. Accordingly, members of the higher education community have recommended creating the SBIR program that would focus on commercialization that we often call Phase zero. These awards could be used by universities to engage in prototyping, mentoring, and supporting market readiness initiatives.    Finally, I would like to suggest that we could all benefit from additional information about the federal SBIR and STTR funding. Dr. Lauer and Dr. Dehmer have talked about a number of efforts at their agencies to analyze the success rates of the programs and how the companies perform after award. These objective measures of performance and indicators of performance would be very welcome.    I'd like to thank the Subcommittee for the opportunity to provide our insights from the university perspective on the important question of reauthorization of the programs, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. Garton. One of the ways that we look at measuring the success of our technology transfer efforts is to look at whether or not our patents or our licensed intellectual properties are being utilized at various points after they've either been protected by patent or licensed under other circumstances and ensuring that those technologies are still being used at three, five and seven years after the license, and I think that's one of the measures rather than counting the numbers of patents per se but looking at whether or not those technologies are being used by the private sector and being used to either do additional research or being used and incorporated into new products and services, so looking at whether or not the intellectual property we're creating is being used is one of the important metrics for success both of the university technology transfer but also of the SBIR receiving company because it will itself begin generating intellectual property and we want to see if that's being used as well.    Chairwoman Comstock. So I'm running a little over my time but I did want to give a shout out to my local technological community, the Northern Virginia Technology Council. It's very good at working with all of our technology companies but they also highlight emerging companies and doing things like that and they're very good at publicizing it within communities, and that in turn kind of helps get more support there. Are we seeing that utilized too, having the kind of leverage there that--or maybe since my time is up I'll just ask, is there any way that we can have others such as, you know, NVTC in my community that is very good at it but maybe I'd recommend, you know, others to use that as a model because I think they're particularly helpful in highlighting the whole ecosystem, and that's what they're all about is that ecosystem and supporting it. They support STEM education. They support the emerging companies. They exist by virtue of a lot of support from the big companies but really, everyone in it is driving the ecosystem, and I know they work a lot with their universities too, so looking at that as a model, I just throw that out because they're a great group for us to work with.    I'm recognizing Ms. Johnson. We're going out of order here so Ms. Johnson can have her questioning, and thank you.    Ms. Garton. Georgia Tech as a public institution really takes its mission in economic development in Georgia very seriously. We have what we call the Enterprise Innovation Institute, which has a number of offices. The Advanced Technology Development Center is one of the oldest university-based incubators in the country, and it is open to companies from our entire area. Within EII, we also have the SBIR assistance office, which helps small businesses identify SBIR and STTR opportunities, learn about the programs, and learn how to apply to those programs, so that is an office that's available to support all companies that are created in the environment access SBIR and STTR funding. We also operating the Manufacturer Extension Partnership, which helps businesses in Georgia become more competitive and sustainable.    Ms. Garton. Well, as you can imagine, at Georgia Tech there are technologies emerging all over the place. As with Dr. Dehmer, it's hard to keep up with all of them. A couple of the areas where we really see the next technologies emerging that we're all going to be talking about in 5 or ten years or areas like cell-based manufacturing where we're beginning to be able to reduce these technologies to practical application. Some of the numbering technologies for carbon sequestration, similar to the examples that you cited, are probably going to go a long way toward helping us deal with controlling the emissions out of our carbon-producing factories and other sources of carbon in the atmosphere. And there's other technologies that are closer to the market like our new drug delivery technologies that will allow us to deliver vaccines across the world using delivery methods that don't require refrigeration and can be self-administered. So there's technologies that are emerging all across the spectrum that are just waiting to burst out there.    Ms. Garton. I believe the I-Corps program actually is a good entree to entrepreneurship for a lot of faculty and graduate students who have an invention and are trying to think about a way to commercialize it. So the I-Corps program really does provide that entree for those individuals who are developing the technology in the direction of creating a startup company and launching it, so I think that's a very good way to pull people into the program that leads to SBIR funding. And so I really view that as a piece of the continuum of the development of technologies.    One of the most exciting things I think I've seen really comes out of the Pindrop example where we have a laboratory that successfully launched a startup company, developed it through the I-Corps program, received SBIR funding, and then went on to be successful in the private sector. The graduate students who are coming along as the next cohort of students in that laboratory are bringing invention disclosures forward. They've got philanthropic funding and other funding that they're taking advantage of, and they're going to be your next I-Corps cohort, so you've created an example that others can follow.    Ms. Garton. We certainly would endeavor to work in that direction is that is the direction for the program, and I would have to get back with you specifically and talk with the folks that are developing the proposal about specific sources of funding that have been identified. Maybe I could take that question for later, but we would certainly--if those are--if that's the direction we want to go, that's what we will try to do, but it will be a challenge.    Ms. Garton. Well, we don't--Georgia Tech as a university is not a direct recipient of SBIR funds, so the funding gap is less obvious to us. But in our subcontracting practices, we certainly do notice the discontinuity between Phase I and Phase II and try to work with our SBIR companies that are funding us under subcontracts to support their proposal efforts.    Ms. Garton. It is very, very tough on the basic science side. The pay lines are such that it is very hard for faculty to get their basic and applied research programs funded, and that's really the balance part of the question. Do we have enough funding going into overall research programs, and what are the pay lines? It is very difficult. I think Dr. Lauer talked about it in his testimony.    Ms. Garton. And yes, we are----    Ms. Garton. I agree. I think the flexibility that the agencies have, the ability to continue to expand the Phase 0 sorts of pilots and make those more generally available, and to maintain the set-asides at their current levels would be my major recommendations.    Ms. Garton. And I think one of the major purposes of the SBIR and STTR programs is to help universities, at least from our perspective, is to help us get the research results, the things that come out of our laboratories, into the marketplace so that the public can benefit from them. So I look at whether or not the technologies that we create and we launch through these companies are actually being used and are they available to the public.    Ms. Garton. The flexibility that the agencies are using helps our companies. The companies that we create follow a non-linear path, as somebody just said. It really is variable across a sector and across the technology development pathway because things come up in the development of those technologies, and having that flexibility to have a second Phase II, to have bridge funding, that's really critical for those companies because that gives them flexibility.