    Mr. Gomez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning, everyone, Ranking Member Tonko, and members of the subcommittee.    I am pleased to be here today to discuss the infrastructure needs----    Mr. Gomez. OK. Thank you.    So I am pleased to be here today to discuss the infrastructure needs facing rural communities across the Nation, particularly for drinking water systems. The U.S. faces costly upgrades to aging water infrastructure. The demand for drinking water and wastewater infrastructure projects in communities with populations of 10,000 and fewer is estimated to be more than $190 billion in coming decades.    My statement today summarizes the results of our reports on rural water infrastructure. I will focus on two main areas, first rural agencies funding for drinking water and wastewater infrastructure and issues affecting rural communities abilities to obtain funding for this type of infrastructure.    First, Federal agencies administer programs that can provide funding and technical assistance to rural communities to help them build drinking water and wastewater systems and comply with Federal regulations. EPA's drinking water and its clean water State Revolving Fund programs, known as the SRFs, provide the most funding, totaling 907 million and 1.5 billion respectively in fiscal year 2014. States are required to provide at least 15 percent of the drinking water SRF funds to water systems that serve 10,000 people or fewer. The Department of Agriculture's rural utility service program is the next largest program at 485 million in fiscal year 2014, all of which goes to rural communities.    Some of the other agencies that can provide funding to rural communities include the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Economic Development Administration, and the Bureau of Reclamation. While these agencies can provide funding for drinking water and wastewater infrastructure in rural communities, they have varying eligibility criteria that may focus funding to specific communities on the basis of population size, economic need, and geographic location.    Second, our previous report found several issues that affect rural communities' ability to obtain funding for drinking water and wastewater infrastructure. These issues include financing, technical expertise, and agency coordination. And both Chairman Shimkus and Ranking Member Tonko and others have already noted some of these challenges.    Now, with regard to financing, communities typically did not have the number of users needed to share the cost of major infrastructure projects while maintaining affordable users rates. In addition, rural communities generally have limited access to financial markets, restricting their ability to use bonds to raise capital. As a result, these communities depended heavily on Federal and State funding.    Rural communities also did not generally have the technical expertise to rebuild or replace their drinking water and wastewater systems. We found they had few staff and often hire consultants and engineers to help them design projects, including preliminary engineering reports, plans, and environmental documents. Agencies provide for some technical assistance that communities can use.    Lastly, we found that Federal communities face potentially duplicative application requirements when applying for multiple State or Federal programs. This included preparing more than one preliminary engineering report and environmental analysis, which likely made it more costly and time-consuming for communities to complete the application process.    We recommended several actions to improve coordination among the agencies and programs. In response, as of February 2015, EPA and the Department of Agriculture have developed a uniform preliminary engineering report template that applies to multiple programs. Seven States have adopted the template for their use. EPA and USDA have also begun taking steps to develop guidelines to assist States in developing uniform environmental analyses.    In summary, the Nation's drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs are large and funding them will be challenging. Rural communities face additional challenges in funding their infrastructure needs, given the financial technical expertise and coordination challenges they face overall. Federal agencies with States should consider how to ease communities' efforts to obtain funding, provide technical assistance, and better coordinate agency efforts.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Tonko, that concludes my statement. I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Gomez. So that is a really good question. What we are aware of is that the drinking water SRFs are required to provide 15 percent of the funds to the small communities. Now, the extent to which States are doing exactly what you are asking, we don't know yet. I mean, that would be a good question possibly for GAO to look at.    There are estimates from EPA, for example, that about 38 percent of the drinking water SRFs have gone to small communities as of 2008. So that is the estimate that is out there, but to the extent that it is meeting small communities' needs, we don't know that.    Mr. Gomez. So one of the things that we are doing at the moment is we do have ongoing work looking at the financial sustainability of the drinking water SRF, and so there we are looking at different ways in which States are managing these SRFs, and we are hoping to identify best practices that States are using. That report should be coming out this spring.    Mr. Gomez. So EPA has estimated the funding gap, and they have estimated it to be $662 billion. That is an estimate from 2002, and that estimate is a based on the next 20 years.    Mr. Gomez. Sure. Thank you.    So we have looked at those two programs in particular, and also at the other agencies that have programs that help our rural communities.    With respect to the USDA rural utility service and the EPA drinking water SRF, they are--they do have some similar programs. We did not find any areas where they were duplicating effort, meaning that they were funding the same project for the same purpose. Projects can get funding from both programs, but they are usually focusing on different areas.    Now, the other thing that we have reported on is the importance for those two agencies to work together to collaborate, but also to encourage the State SRF programs to work closely with the USDA rural utility service so that they can get efficiencies.    You know, one of the recommendations we made was that they needed to come up with a uniform preliminary engineering report so that communities aren't filing multiple engineering reports, which cost money, and so those are things that we are tracking. We were happy to hear that they have come up with the uniform preliminary engineering report and that some States have already adopted it.    So we think those are places where if by working together they can better target the monies.    Mr. Gomez. Well, generally, what GAO always recommends is that you target Federal funds to those communities most in need, and so if these are in communities, that is where the--that is one of the areas that we could target.    Mr. Gomez. That is a really good question, and it is always one area that is debatable, right, whether people are actually paying the true price of what the water costs. I don't believe that we have done work on that. But if we have, I would have to get back to you on that.    Mr. Gomez. What I can also say is that EPA has estimated that, for these rural communities, if they have to undertake these water and wastewater infrastructure projects, their rates will likely be four times what the urban rate payer would be paying.    Mr. Gomez. So that is not affordable.    Mr. Gomez. Thank you. And we are tracking that, by the way. It is part of our tracking that we do every year because we want to make sure that those agencies are making progress and that it is helping the communities that are in need.