    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you both for being here. Sorry we had that break that took us away for such a while.    You know, it has been said--and I think as we--in hearing Mr. Netanyahu's speech today and hearing your comments, that the challenges in the Middle East are like, at least, a three-dimensional chess game, and I think actually there are probably even more layers to that.    And I think the fact that we have been given the opportunity to consider an AUMF is very important. It allows the Congress to weigh in and think through the implications of what we are doing and how best to achieve success. But, again, given that it is so multidimensional, it is actually rather hard to grapple with. I think we are all struggling with that.    But I--and I think--I just happened to read in the paper today that Iran is actually playing a significant role in Tikrit. That their forces are there, you know, helping--helping push back on ISIL. And I think that highlights the complexity of the region. While we are trying to negotiate an agreement on their nuclear weaponization at the same time, we are taking--or taking advantage of their assistance. And I am curious, General Austin, how you think this through?    General Austin. Well, it certainly is a complex situation, ma'am. Thanks.    Obviously, we are focused on helping--providing support to the country, the Government of Iraq in its efforts to counter ISIL. And this is a--this is an Iraqi effort. The Iraqis have to do this. We will enable their efforts with our air power, with our advice, and the assistance in any way we can. But at the end of the day, they have to be able to do this.    And, certainly, there are areas in the eastern part of the country that they have--leading up to this point that they have gained assistance from their neighbor with and the popular mobilization forces that are there working. So if you look at the areas in the eastern part of the country, Jalula, Khanaqin, they have worked together in those areas. And then leading up to this, they have done a number of things to get to this point.    So, in terms of sorting this out, again, our focus is on the Government of Iraq and working with the Government of Iraq to provide assistance to them to counter ISIL.    Ms. Tsongas. So, in essence, you defer to their relationship with Iran in that instance. And then how do you see that complicates the next step, so that is the accommodation between the Shia and the Sunni so that, going forward, the government is representative of the country and we don't backtrack into the situation we are in today.    General Austin. I think it is absolutely key that they make sure that they have provisions in place to accommodate the Sunnis and the Kurds. I think, you know, that lack of inclusion is what got us to this point, and I think the only way that we can ensure that we don't go back there is if we have the right steps taken by the government. So pressure needs to remain on the government to ensure that they do the right things.    Ms. Tsongas. Another question. I think the other challenge of ISIS, in my mind, is that it is a little bit like Whac-a-Mole. You deal with it in one part of, you know, Iraq or Syria. And then, as you were saying in your testimony, now we are having to contend with it in North Africa.    How do you think through the--you know, preparing our military response to those possibilities without always being able or unless you have adequate intelligence, to assess where the next challenge is? It seems to me we run the risk of stretching ourselves very, very thin.    General Austin. This is going to have to be an international effort going forward. And we are going to have to count on our strategic intelligence to lead that international effort as we go forward.    There are certain things that we know about ISIL. We know that it looks to exploit sectarian tensions. We know that it wants to be a caliphate. So it looks to control large swaths of territory, and it must govern that territory. But it is also a big business, and it requires enormous resources. So, as you look around the globe, I mean, it is more likely to go to those places that has ungoverned spaces and also places where it can acquire resources to support this incredible effort. And I think, if you can reduce those possibilities, you have a much better chance of staying ahead of this.    But there is a--there is a greater thing that I think, you know, feeds all of this and that is, you know, the narrative, the ideology that supports this, that feeds this. And I think there has got to be some things that are done to counter that ideology as well.    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, General.    The Chairman. Mr. Franks.