    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for allowing me to participate.    I understand the service of each of the witnesses today, and I look forward to continue working with you. I especially recognize your dedication, as an alumnus of DOE headquarters, and as being the only Member of Congress who has worked at Savannah River Site, which I am very grateful that I represent, along with Congressman Jim Clyburn of South Carolina.    I ask, first, the unanimous consent to distribute a memo dated November 20, 2015, from Secretary Ernest Moniz to the President, along with section 3119 of fiscal year 2016 NDAA.    Mr. Wilson. I appreciate Chairman Mike Rogers providing for discussion multiple times before this subcommittee a major issue: in shifting the United States plutonium disposition strategy from the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility, MOX, at the Savannah River Site, this method would require, by shifting, a renegotiation of the Plutonium Management Disposition Agreement with the Russian Federation.    In a memo dated November 20, 2015, from Secretary Moniz to President Obama, the Secretary says in regard to the shifting of the disposition strategy, quote: So far we have no read on the MFA, the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, response. This issue will need further interagency work in the context of overall complicated U.S.-Russia relations.    There is a proposal abandoning MOX where $4.5 billion has been invested for 70 percent completion, and shifting to a strategy that even Secretary Moniz admits we do not know or have any idea when the Russian Federation--what they will ask in return.    I am concerned the admittedly complicated U.S.-Russia relations will lead to a swift and conciliatory negotiation which is not realistic. I am concerned that we are without a plan if Russia asks for concessions that the United States cannot make. If so, we risk incurring the immense cost of resurrecting MOX and reassembling the workforce and infrastructure that are crucial to its success.    We know that the proposed repository for the down-blended weapons-grade plutonium would be with the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in Carlsbad, New Mexico. We know that the facility remains closed, yet WIPP received less funding at the request of fiscal year 2017 than fiscal year 2016.    Keeping this in mind, there have been assurances that WIPP would open as soon as possible, but how long after WIPP reopens will it be operational?    Additionally, on Tuesday night, led by Governor Nikki Haley and Attorney General Alan Wilson, the State of South Carolina was forced, as required by law, to sue the Department of Energy for up to $100 million in 2016, payable to the State of South Carolina, as a result of failure to move 1 ton of plutonium from South Carolina despite the State twice pushing back a deadline. This puts at risk the people of South Carolina and Georgia as the repository. Terminating this project does nothing to move material out of the region. This will not save taxpayers' dollars and will jeopardize nonproliferation. This committee should reject the President's proposal to terminate, and we should continue to move forward with construction to convert weapons-grade plutonium into green fuel.    And in conclusion, General Klotz, section 3119 of the fiscal year 2016 NDAA directed the Department to submit, with the budget justification materials for fiscal year 2017, an updated performance baseline. Can you tell us what the update is on this baseline status?    General Klotz. Thank you very much, Congressman Wilson. And let me just say at the outset, I know and respect the passion and the intensity which you bring to this particular issue, and I very much appreciate the fact that over the past couple years we have been able to work very closely together, in a very collegial and civil manner, as we work through what is an obvious difference of opinion on terms of policy. And I especially appreciate the many trips that you have taken to the MOX Facility with our people to discuss the issues that are there.    There was a lot in your question, but let me just say that, with respect to the Plutonium Management Disposition Agreement, the administration, the U.S. Government remains firmly committed to disposing of all 34 metric tons of excess, surplus weapons-grade plutonium, as we have agreed with Russia in that agreement. But over the last couple of years there have been several efforts to analyze the current MOX fuel approach and alternatives, such as the 2014 DOE review, which was actually the first thing I testified----    Mr. Wilson. And, General, I can't interrupt a general, because you are too good, but the question about the baseline, what is the status of that? And the reason I like visiting MOX, you have got a lot of professionals there that I like.    General Klotz. Thank you, sir. And believe me, they appreciate seeing you come down and other senior leaders come down.    The language in the NDAA was, I think, passed in November of 2015, if I am not mistaken. I am told by my staff it takes as much as 18 to 24 months to do a performance baseline, and even more than I suggested to the chairman yesterday, several million dollars to do that. So there is just no way, unless we can make time stop between November of 2015 and to the submission of President's budget, to do a full performance baseline in terms of the costs as requested there.    Our sense still is, based on the reports that we have done, is that the dilute and dispose option is still a much less expensive and a faster way of disposing of this excess weapons-grade plutonium.    Mr. Wilson. And I look forward to the baseline.    General Klotz. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Congressman.    And again, General Klotz, thank you for--all of you--for being here. But it does concern me that the law was clear, section 3119, and so I hope whatever the baseline is, it can be provided. Because every other report that we have received, there were flaws, as far as I am concerned, because each one failed to recognize that we have a proven technology, the mixed oxide fuel fabrication, because this has been done in France for nearly 50 years.    And then I find, when they claim that there are cost overruns, so much of that is because there have been changes in specifications which the contractors then have, by the Department, and which then causes additional cost. And, sadly, it is really frustrating to me that people would be critical when, in fact, it was due to changes in specifications.    And then other issues that are just mind-numbing. When it is stated that for the green fuel, the fuel that will be produced, that there are not contracts for the fuel, well, in the industry, people don't buy fuel till the last second because of the variations of price, which we see today in other energy fields. And when I hear that argument, I am thinking that is just--and you hadn't made it, but other people have, other reports.    And over and over again there are misstatements that are being made that I think should be addressed and to achieve what can be so important of nonproliferation at a time with, sadly, the rising tensions with the Russian Federation. Over and over again I can see positive of why this should be done, and so I really hope there will be a change of course.    And beyond that, Dr. Regalbuto, in the budget request for 2017, the traditional Savannah River risk management operations control point was separated into two control points, environmental cleanup and nuclear material management, causing considerable confusion. Can you explain the Department's rationale for this, and were the site contractors notified of the change?    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much for referencing H Canyon Facility, a world-class treasure that not everybody knows. So thank you.    Mr. Wilson. I am happy to meet you any time and point it out. Thank you.    Mr. Wilson. In a memo dated November 20, 2015 from Secretary Moniz to the President, the Secretary says--in regards to the shifting of the disposition strategy--``So far, we have no read on MFA response. This issue will need further interagency work in the context of overall, complicated U.S.-Russia relations.'' Can you explain the current status of talks with the Russians of shifting our plutonium disposition strategy?    General Klotz. Consistent with the PMDA, the United States has been in contact with the Russian Government since 2013 to keep it apprised of the U.S. reviews of disposition methods. During July 2014 consultations in Moscow in PMDA channels, the Russian side advised that the two sides should re-engage in consultations after the United States had made a decision. In January of this year, a team apprised Russia of the Administration's decision to pursue another disposition method and, at an appropriate date, to pursue consultations as provided for in the     Mr. Wilson. We have already spent $4.5 Billion on the MOX project. What is the Department's plan if Russia were to ask for concessions that the United States can not make in order to support a change in our disposition strategy?    General Klotz. The PMDA (paragraph 1 of Article III) clearly provides a path for the Parties to agree on methods of disposition that do not entail irradiation as fuel in reactors (``any other methods that may be agreed by the Parties in writing''). We will not speculate on what may or may not be Russian views in these consultations or on what legal form an agreement might take.    Mr. Wilson. What would the overall cost be to resurrect the MOX project if Russia is ultimately unwilling to allow a change in our disposition strategy?    General Klotz. While it is difficult to provide a definitive estimate, we expect it would take at least 1-2 years to ramp the project staff back up, which would add approximately $600-900 million to the total cost of the project. The projected $600-900 million increase to restart would be in addition to the overall lifecycle cost of the MOX approach estimated to be $30-50 billion.    Mr. Wilson. WIPP received less funding in the request for FY17 than it received in FY16. The Department of Energy has stressed its commitment to open the facility as quickly as possible, but how long after WIPP reopens will it be fully operational?    Mr. Wilson. In the budget request for 2017, the traditional ``Savannah River Risk Management Operations'' control point was separated into two new control points, ``Environmental Cleanup'' and ``Nuclear Material Management''--causing considerable confusion. Can you explain the Department's rationale for this and were the site contractors notified of this change?