    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I've got so many questions and so little time, so I will try to touch on each of them, and bear with me. On Stingrays I'm going to ask you to tell us now or for the record how you control the access to these products when they're not being used, how you control them when they are being used, not just at the FBI, but to the extent that you're cooperating with non-Federal agencies around the country that have these devices.    And specifically I'm very concerned that since they're being used at times without warrant, almost mostly, and there are at least some allegations they've been used to track policemen's girlfriends' or wives' activities and so on, that they are too powerful a tool not to have a series of controls. And I'd like to--again, some of this you can answer for the record--I think on that I'd like to have a full understanding of Federal policy and controls.    In the case of encryption, I'm only going to ask you, it will be a long answer, provide for the record, any and all studies you have to show the value of encryption and the value of your access or ability to not go dark. And if it's classified, I'll look at it in a classified session, but I'd like to fully understand the value and the studies related to that general direction of the Administration.    But I'd like to take up for today more a question on some historic pieces. A few offices away they're dealing with Secretary Clinton, so I won't ask about those today. I think that's certainly an ongoing investigation as to her use of private e-mail for transmitting what turns out to be sensitive information.    But in the case of late 2011, well before your tenure, Solyndra went bankrupt after accepting half a billion dollars in taxpayers' money. At that time we began an investigation in an adjacent Committee, the Oversight Committee, and we were told by the DOE inspector general that he could not talk to us because the FBI at that time had an ongoing investigation.    It's now 4 years later, and the Department, the IG did release information, but we have not received any indication from the FBI. So today I'd like to ask you who at the FBI made decisions not to bring any charges against Solyndra executives and what the basis was to find no fault in that loss of $500 million, and particularly since there was evidence provided publicly by our Committee that there were emergency efforts to get them additional money to try to have their bankruptcy delayed. And that was done by Federal employees, including a gentleman named Jonathan Silver.    You might remember that in May in 2013, the President stood beside the Attorney General and declared that there would be serious investigation by DOJ and FBI into the political targeting done by the IRS. Months later the President declared there wasn't a smidgeon of corruption related to the IRS.    Director, you know that, in fact, there was targeting. The evidence is convincing. Where do you stand on bringing accountability to those involved at all levels to targeting conservatives and pro-Israel groups by the IRS, including but not limited to Lois Lerner?    Mr. Issa. And I appreciate that, but there is either a decision to refer for prosecution or not. And to the extent that there was one, I would like the evidence that it was referred but not prosecuted. To the extent that there was a decision not to refer one or more, that would be helpful. I appreciate that the other part of Justice handles the other part, and we will have the Attorney General here shortly.    Mr. Issa. Mr. Chairman, I just want to close with a very short comment. It was 2010 when we became aware that the IRS was targeting conservatives. It's now 2015, almost 2016. I really would appreciate if the FBI would come up with a time line that says an investigation is not ongoing and aggressively pursued if a certain period of time passes and nothing has happened. I would only ask that 5 years begin to become an amount of time in which the FBI can say: We can't say with a straight face it's ongoing if it's 5 years later and nothing has happened.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.