    Ms. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Pebble has been blasted by Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle for years because of over a decade they filed for a mine permit, and your report claims that EPA did not do a good job receiving input from Pebble Partnership. However, there are ample documents illustrating just how transparent EPA's process has been including a list of numerous meetings with the Pebble Partnership over the course of many years. And we will hear from Mr. Halford, I think, that Pebble rejected EPA's request to provide input participation in the watershed assessment process in 2011. And in your own report, you state that the Pebble Partnership refused repeated requests for the wholesale disclosure of the raw data and more user-friendly format. So I'm just wondering, Mr. Secretary, did you attempt to acquire the raw data from Pebble to verify their claims or did they provide it or if so, will you please make us--make that information available to the Committee?    Hon. Cohen. I believe that the raw data you're referring to is a baseline report that was developed by Pebble, and they did agree to make that available in a PDF format. The criticism that was leveled on that issue was that it wasn't as user-friendly, and what Pebble, as I understand it, was concerned about was that if it was opened up to all parties, they would--there could be information that was extracted from that that would mischaracterize what the report was saying. But in any event, what EPA has relied upon is the Wardrop Report. The Wardrop Report was really basically a filing saying this is--we're going to examine this area to see what's under the ground. The Wardrop report never proposed to be a mining proposal, never a defined project. In fact, the author of the Wardrop report was never contacted by EPA to say what was the reason that you filed this report and why are you not seeing this in this fashion.    So I think what Pebble has tried to do is say we'll give you our baseline data, we've given it to you, offered it to you, but we're not ready, and you may ask Mr. Collier this, is it the power of the state or the EPA to compel an owner of rights to file a defined plan? Does the EPA force you to file something when you're not ready to file it? I don't know the reasons why Mr. Collier doesn't want to file it at this point. It may be he's looking for more technical data. It may be their financial backers that he needs to acquire. But the notion that the EPA can make you file something that you're not ready to file, and over the objection of the State of Alaska, it seems to me that's quite a stretch for EPA.    Ms. Johnson. Even over a decade?    Hon. Cohen. Even over a decade. As a matter of fact, you know, what struck me is looking back in the record that I--the report that I filed, as early as 2005 we have an EPA employee saying that we should use 404(c), I'm going to recommend this, or he is suggesting this is right for 404(c). So from the very beginning before anything is done, you have EPA employees saying let's use 404(c). That at least indicated to me that there was some preliminary decision being made that they're going to invoke this process without giving a fair hearing. So that was my concern on that issue.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.