    Chairman Chaffetz. Good morning. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. And without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We have a very important hearing today. Appreciate you joining us. The title of this hearing, ``Violence on the Border: Keeping the U.S. Personnel Safe.''    The United States is Mexico's largest trading partner and largest foreign investor. Mexico is the United States' third largest trading partner after Canada and China and is this country's second largest foreign supplier of petroleum.    We have a lot of familial ties. We have people who have loved ones there. It's a great place to travel. It's one of the more beautiful places on the planet, a lot of recreation. A lot of reasons, good reasons to interact with the good people of Mexico and to enjoy one of the most amazing countries that is on the border of the United States of America. It is one of the busiest and most economically important borders in the world, with nearly 1 million legitimate travelers and nearly $1 billion worth of goods legally crossing the border each day.    But Mexico is also a dangerous place. I would argue it's one of the most dangerous places on the planet. To understand how dangerous it is, we don't have to look further than the State Department's own warnings about travel to Mexico. Specifically, the State Department warns, ``Gun battles between rival criminal organizations or with Mexican authorities have occurred in broad daylight on streets. Criminal organizations have created road blocks to prevent the military and police from responding to criminal activity. Carjacking and highway robbery are serious problems in many parts of the border region, and U.S. citizens have been murdered in such incidents.''    According to the United States Department of State's Bureau of Diplomatic Security, Nuevo Laredo's municipal police was suspended in July of 2011, ``among allegations of large-scale corruption.'' Benjamin Galvan Gomez, who had been the mayor of Nuevo Laredo until 2013, disappeared on the night of February 27, 2014, near his house, along with businessman Miguel Angel Ortiz.    Prosecutors say that Galvan was kidnapped in Nuevo Laredo, killed and dumped near Monterrey about 135 miles south to the state of Nuevo Leon. Their bodies were found in the trunk of a car on March 1, 2014, according to press reports. In June of 2012, a bomb exploded in Galvan's parking spot at City Hall, killing one bystander and injuring others.    The month before, cartel members left the decapitated bodies of 14 people in a van in front of City Hall accompanied by the banner that claimed to be from Joaquin El Chapo Guzman, leader of the Sinaloa cartel. The banner threatened Galvan and accused him of working with the Zetas.    In February 2013, the police chief of Nuevo Laredo disappeared, and his two brothers were found dead in the trunk of a car in Nuevo Laredo. Just yesterday--I happen to be a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, and further to the south there's an article out about an LDS Mission President. Somebody from the United States, actually from my district, going down and serving a religious mission who was shot during a robbery in Mexico. It is a violent place, a dangerous place.    The lawlessness is a direct result of drug cartels operating in Mexico evolving into massive criminal organizations. These cartels have expanded their operations into kidnapping, extortion, and murder. Unfortunately, this is not new news. It has been going on for some time. According to the National Border Patrol Councils--we'll hear testimony today--``The official death toll from cartel violence in Mexico is 60,000. However, the unofficial death toll in Mexico is over 120,000 killed and another 27,000 missing or presumed dead.''    Mexico ranked 103rd out of 175 countries in Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index, which ranks countries and terrorists based on how corrupt their public sector is perceived to be. It's in company of Algeria, China, Bolivia, Moldova, and Niger. According to the Institute for Economics and Peace ranking of countries from least to most violent, Mexico was 144 out of 162 countries surveyed, being similar to Lebanon and Colombia and others in terms of violence in 2015.    Today, the Department still operates nine consulates in an embassy in Mexico City. Two of those consulates, just south of the United States border, are of particular interest in today's hearing. Matamoros and Nuevo Laredo, where I've been able to visit the Nuevo Laredo facility, both consulates operate directly across the Rio Grande River from the United States despite the State Department's warning, ``Violent criminal activity occurs more frequently along the northern border.''    In attempt to approve safety of our personnel in those consulates, the Department is set to build new consulate compounds in both Matamoros and Nuevo Laredo. Despite these plans, construction has been long delayed. Both of these facilities are being constructed under the Department's design excellence initiative.    Design excellence takes longer than the standard embassy design, which has been used successfully by State in previous years. Several independent studies have gone and shown that they build them faster and less expensive. Unfortunately, the State Department, under President Obama and Secretary Clinton, changed the way we do this. They're now more expensive, they're slower, and consequently, we keep more people in danger for long periods of time.    Given State's own warnings about the danger Mexico poses to U.S. citizens and officials, it seems that building these facilities should be a priority; yet, it has been a fiasco over the last few years. Construction will not be completed until November 2017 in Nuevo Laredo and until spring of 2019 in Matamoros.    We had a chance, Stacey Plaskett and I, had a chance to visit the embassy in Mexico City. State Department entered into a contract in Mexico City to purchase from Colgate-Palmolive a $120 million piece of land to build a new embassy. We have paid roughly half of that, $60 million to Colgate-Palmolive. But the transfer does not complete until Colgate-Palmolive cleans up the site of all contaminants as approved by the Mexican environmental authorities.    But the place that they decided to buy--and we have documentation of this--was a brownfield. It was dirty. It was toxic. It was not ready to be built on. They thought they could clean it up, but it continues to be so dirty today that the Mexican Government will not approve it because it's too toxic.    So we have an older facility that's not adequately fortified. We have massive growth--massive growth in the number of personnel that they want to go into this embassy, and the construction costs have jumped 38 percent to $763 million. In fact, if you look at the total costs, including the site acquisition, design and construction, we're looking at $943 million to build this embassy that is now years behind.    Part of the reason that increase that's happening there is the number of desks. The number of desks projected at the beginning was going to be 891; now it's 1,335. Why the increased number of desks? In large part because of the security problems in Mexico. Yes, we do increase the amount of trade, but we need more security personnel to do the assessments from all the various agencies. This puts the total at roughly $706,000 per desk.    Now, the original embassy in Mexico City was scheduled to be completed in February of 2019, but we're looking at least middle of 2020, if not further. It has still--still to this day not been approved by the Mexican Government. The money has been paid, but we're not able to move into that new facility. And it's totally unacceptable.    The State Department also recently indicated it plans to take away danger pay allocations for U.S. personnel who have been receiving it in Mexico. Danger pay is additional money provided to State Department employees who are willing to work in a particularly dangerous area. It defies logic for the State Department to warn Americans about the high risk of danger--high risk in danger and traveling in Mexico but to end danger pay for diplomats here.    Behind the scenes, the State Department says, ``Oh, don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. They'll be taken care of.'' Having traveled to Mexico a couple of times now and talking to State Department personnel, it's right at the top of their plate. Right at the top of their issue. Don't take away our danger pay.    You have people who work in the consulate in Nuevo Laredo directly across the border who have literally just a couple of square miles of which they can move. I've talked to the State Department personnel who cannot freely go out and shop or go to a movie or do anything other than stay on that compound because of the extreme violence and danger, and yet the State Department wants to take away that danger pay.    We have people who are shaking their heads saying, ``Oh, that is silly. That's ridiculous.'' But you know what? How ironic that the House Republicans are fighting to help keep the danger pay for the State Department employees. And they want to change that in Mexico. And that doesn't make sense to us. We're going to explore that.    Crime in northern Mexico has already impacted U.S. assets in the country. On June 7, a truck leaving the United States consulate in Matamoros was hijacked by armed robbers. The hijackers stole more than 11,500 U.S. border crossing cards, which are visas that can be used to enter the United States. Some of these were recovered, but nearly 2,000 of these cards and a dozen passport cards are still missing.    The hijacking of this truck should come as no surprise to the State Department. The Department's own travel warning makes it clear that, ``No highway route through Tamaulipas,'' which is the state, which includes Matamoros and Nuevo Laredo, ``are considered safe.''    American assets in the sky are also at risk. In June, members of the Zeta cartel were shot at at a Customs and Border Patrol helicopter, hitting it twice and forcing it to land near Laredo, Texas. I've seen that helicopter. I talked to the pilot. I talked to the other gentleman who was on that helicopter. They were on the United States side of the border but taking fire from the Mexican side of the border, a pretty brazen attack on a U.S. helicopter doing patrol on the United States side of the border.    Previous to that there were attacks on Mexican helicopters from drug cartel members. It actually took down a helicopter in another part of Mexico. While no one was injured, this attack made it clear that cartels have no reservations about expanding the scope of their violence on the American side of the border. Danger and violence in Mexico is apparently not much of a priority for this administration.    Secretary Kerry, I understand he's got a busy job. But here we have one of the most important partners; the most important relationships that we have in the world is with Mexico. And in the 29 months since Secretary Kerry has been the Secretary of State, how many times has he visited Mexico? One time. It's not a priority for this administration.    Instead, they're taking away danger pay. They're trying to make the case that, ``Oh, it's all safe. Everything's good here.'' And yet, I've got an LDS Mission president who was shot yesterday. I've got border patrol agents that are being shot out of the sky. I've got people who know that there are violent--by the tens of thousands of people being killed on that side of the border.    And we, as the United States of America, need to do better. We have to do better. They're our next door neighbors. There's over 100 million people there. That demands a little bit more attention from the Secretary than one quick visit down there. It makes me wonder whether they want Americans to think things are fine and safe for America, and it's hard to understand why so little diplomatic effort had been there.    We have a lot to discuss today. Very frustrated with the State Department and the requests made on July 15. We had sent a letter. It barely goes on to the second page. We had four asks. And on Friday, before this hearing, going into Labor Day weekend, State Department dumped on our desk 110,000 documents. Couldn't do a rolling production. Couldn't allow their staff to pour through this.    But this is how the State Department acts with the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. So we'll digest that. But to dump 110,000 documents, honest. Friday, right before Labor Day, we're coming into this hearing. You all knew that we had this. Come on. Really? You expect that to go unnoticed? Unacceptable. Unacceptable.    My question for the panel today, do we have all the documents? I want you to certify and tell me that I have everything I asked for. And that will be one of my first questions.    Yield to now the gentleman from--our ranking member, Mr. Cummings, from Maryland, for his opening statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Chairman Chaffetz. And I would like to associate myself with your comments about some of our colleagues, Mr. Vela, as well as Mr. Cuellar, who is here and joining us on the stand. My understanding is that Congressman Vela would also like to participate with us today.    Even those these two gentlemen are not on our committee, we have had a tradition of allowing and asking unanimous consent to allow people to sit in on these hearings. So I would ask unanimous consent that our colleagues, Congressman Filemon Vela and Congressman Henry Cuellar be allowed to fully participate in today's hearing.    Without objection, so ordered.    We appreciate the perspective from these two gentlemen. They live in great proximity to the issues of things that we're going to be talking about today, and they've been invaluable to me in providing a good, I think, balanced perspective. And appreciate their passion on this issue and their care for the loved ones that are there in that area. Appreciate their perspective. Glad they're joining us today.    We'll now recognize our first panel of witnesses, but I would like to tell members that I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. We're pleased to be joined by Mr. Gregory Starr, Assistant Secretary for the Bureau of the Diplomatic Security at the United States Department of State.    Ambassador William Moser is the Principal Deputy Director of the Bureau of Overseas Building Operations at the United States Department of State. And he has a long storied history at the State Department. Appreciate your service and thank you for joining us here today.    Ms. Sue Saarnio--did I pronounce it properly? I hope so--is the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Western Hemisphere Affairs at the United States Department of State.    Mr. Robert Harris is the Director of the Joint Task Force-West at the United States Customs and Border Protection.    And Mr. Brandon Judd is the President of the National Border Patrol Council of the American Federation of Government Employees. We thank you all for being here.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. So if you will please rise and raise your right hand.    Thank you. Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. You may be seated.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses have answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, we would appreciate limiting your verbal testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    Mr. Starr, we will start with you and then we will simply go through and get to the question portion of the hearing.    Mr. Starr, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Ambassador Moser, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Saarnio, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Harris, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Judd, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank you all for your participation and your service to this country.    I'll now recognize myself for 5 minutes to our three State Department witnesses.    Four people on this committee, myself, Elijah Cummings, Ron DeSantis, and Steve Lynch sent a letter dated July 15, 2015. My question is, what percentage of the documents asked for in this letter has the Congress--has this committee, have they been given?    Ambassador Moser, do you know?    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you use your microphone, please.    Chairman Chaffetz. It doesn't matter unless we get the right percentage.    So Ms. Saarnio----    Chairman Chaffetz. --what percentage?    Chairman Chaffetz. It's directed to Secretary Kerry.    Mr. Starr, what percentage of the documents do we have?    Chairman Chaffetz. Should we issue a subpoena, Mr. Starr?    Chairman Chaffetz. Ambassador Moser, is that true? Where are these documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. We sent the letter on July 15, and you can't tell us that we got all the documents. So what do we need to do to get there? Do I need to issue a subpoena?    Chairman Chaffetz. When will you have all those documents to us?    Chairman Chaffetz. That's for sure. I agree with you on that. I shouldn't have to waste any of my time asking for documents that we requested back in July knowing that we were working towards a hearing on this date.    Mr. Harris, of the border, the Secure Fence Act of 2006 defined operational control as, ``the prevention of all unlawful entries into the United States, including entries by terrorists, other unlawful aliens, instruments of terrorism, narcotics, and other contraband,'' The goal of this was to achieve 100 percent operational control.    Based on your knowledge, your experience, what percentage of the border today is secure?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is there a metric that you all looked for on that, or no?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. So you don't have an answer to that question.    Mr. Judd, what percentage of the border is under operational control?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Starr, one of the frontline people that--some of the frontline people that we rely on, and for those Americans who are working at our consulates, and certainly at the embassy are the local guards, do you know what we're paying those local guards on a monthly basis?    Chairman Chaffetz. And that's the concern, is that we're paying these local guards, at least what our staff has been told, roughly $316 per month is their monthly salary. And I recognize it's Mexico. It's not New York City. Wages are going to be different. But does that number sound about right, $316 per month for a local guard to guard our U.S. facilities?    Chairman Chaffetz. The opportunity for corruption, I think you can see, is of great concern. I don't know what the magical number is, but Mr. Judd, I was going to ask you about the ratio of management and the agents that you need, but I think you've addressed that.    One of the great concerns I have is getting these new facilities to secure our American personnel. I'm going to put up a slide here. To give a little background in history, we were operating under standard embassy design. This is something Secretary Powell put into place. But under the Obama administration with Secretary Clinton they moved to this design excellence.    And here is the concern. If you go to the second slide, Tijuana was built under standard embassy design. Is there anything wrong--Ambassador Moser--with the Tijuana facility? Is it too ugly for Mexico?    Chairman Chaffetz. So we spent about $668,000 per desk but it's as close to standard embassy design as we have. But then we have these modified design excellence. Monterrey was built, it jumped cost at $900,000 per desk. But the two under construction, Matamoros and Nuevo Laredo, we're now looking at $1.8 million per desk; in Nuevo Laredo at $1.7 million per desk. We're talking $191 million to build something in Matamoros in Nuevo Laredo at $154 million. How do you explain that?    And by the way, in Matamoros--I'm sorry, Nuevo Laredo, $154 million, you start doing that math, you know, it's like 88 desks. How do we afford to do that around the world? Why we have such a massive jump in expense? These expenses could go to personnel, guard forces. And you all want to take away danger pay. So why so much expense on these?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, what other metric would you use?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah, well, that's costing tens of millions of dollars more and it's taking a longer time. We will continue to have hearings about this. It is an outrageous amount of money and it's taking longer. No doubt that we need new facilities.    I do need to ask before I yield back about the danger pay. I'm not sure which one of the three to ask you about, but I guess, Ms. Saarnio, we'll start with you. To what Mr. Cummings said, are people working for the State Department in Mexico, is there any threat of their wages going down by the loss of danger pay?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah, I know. We're all proud of them. Keep going. What's the answer to this question? Are you going to cut their pay?    Chairman Chaffetz. So Nuevo Laredo, there is no mayor that has authority over a police force there. We've documented the violence. Are you telling me it's more safe now in Nuevo Laredo than it has been?    Chairman Chaffetz. The American Foreign Service Association takes great issue with this. You disagree with them, their analysis in that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah. They disagree with this position.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, I'll read you the quote``On the basis of conditions of environments which differ substantially from conditions of environments in the continental United States, it's a recruitment and retention incentive.'' My understanding is they disagree with this.    You're telling me that in northern Mexico, it's less secure in Matamoros now and more secure in Nuevo Laredo.    Chairman Chaffetz. In Nuevo Laredo, if you work at the consulate, do you know how far you can travel away from the consulate as an American?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. How far can you travel?    Chairman Chaffetz. You have about nine square miles that you can operate, that you are allowed to go. And you're going to decrease their pay?    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm just telling you, you've got a lot of people on this panel that don't understand, given the massive amount of violence, the statistics that we just went through, particularly with Mr. Judd, the violence that's going on there; and you're going to decrease these people's pay. I went down there. It was the number one issue.    My time is well expired. This is not an acceptable conclusion to your so-called analysis. I do not agree that it is more safe than it has been, and it's an exceptionally difficult place to live.    I now recognize the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Before the gentleman yields back, I'll point out that there is no police force in Nuevo Laredo. There is none. So you can work on training them, but there isn't even one. It's run by the drug cartels, and shame on the State Department for cutting the people's pay there from the State Department.    That's not the way you're going to build morale and do more things. You're given tens of billions of dollars, and you're going to cut those poor people's pay. You can talk about training the local police force, but there isn't even a local police force to train.    Chairman Chaffetz. I would ask unanimous consent to enter into the record, this is the United States Department of State, Bureau of Diplomatic Security, Mexico 2015 Crime and Safety Report Nuevo Laredo into the record. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Farenthold, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I now recognize the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Hurd, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I'll now recognize Ms. Kelly for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'd like to make a note here that the--from Homeland Security Customs and Border Patrol, this is the number of seizures of guns on the southwest border in 2015, 60. Six zero. That's it.    If you look at the ATF statistic, some 8,200 traces in a category called U.S.-sourced firearms. I want to be careful, because U.S. source, under the definition provided by the ATF, refers to those firearms that were determined by ATF to be manufactured in the United States or legally imported into the United States by an FFL, a Federal firearms licensee.    So legal transportation of it, they may have been used in a crime, but if they were manufactured in the United States, they would also fall into that statistic. So I think it is a little bit high. And if anybody on this panel is concerned about the illegal flow of guns, then you've got to look first at what the Obama administration did in Fast and Furious.    And this panel, this Oversight Committee asked for the documents from the State Department and from others about the operation--or from the Department of Justice, I should say, about Fast and Furious. Did the administration work with us in an open and candid way? No. Did the administration provide the documents to Congress? No. We had to take them to court. In fact, that is still pending. Because the Government through the Department of Justice knowingly and willingly gave the drug cartels nearly 2,000 weapons.    So we can drag out Mr. Holder and other people in the Obama administration, but they gave out nearly 2,000 AK-47s to the drug cartels, and we want to look at that. We had to hold the attorney general in contempt of Congress. We had to actually go to the courts to try to get those documents. We still don't have those documents.    So for people to say, ``Oh, we're worried about the drugs or the guns that are going back and forth,'' let's look at what our government did in a complicit way to provide the drug cartels those weapons. That is an investigation this committee will continue. It's still in the courts. And it's one of the most outrageous things to happen.    So I would actually agree with the gentlewoman. But it shouldn't start with our government knowingly giving those weapons to the drug cartels.    Thanks everybody for their indulgence.    I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. If the gentleman will yield. How many border crossing cards are there in circulation? Do you have any idea? Millions, right?    Chairman Chaffetz. So the idea is that Mexican nationals can get a border crossing card that is valid for 24 hours--for is it 24 hours in the United States? It's a day pass basically.    Chairman Chaffetz. So the idea is that you can basically go for the day, go shopping in, say, Nogales and then go back across the border. But there are millions of them. There's no exit program, correct? Do you have any way--Mr. Judd, are you scanning any--how many of the border crossing cards that are used daily are scanned in their exit?    Chairman Chaffetz. How many are scanned on the inbound?    Chairman Chaffetz. So we have statistics about how many come into the United States and we have zero statistics on how many actually leave the United States. What's the consequence of being caught in the United States with just a border crossing card?    Chairman Chaffetz. So we give out millions of passes, we have no exit program, we have no way of verifying, and there's no consequence if you do it anyway. And so thousands of them get stolen. I'm still worried that they're used many ways as a flash pass saying, ``Yeah, I'm here legally. I'm just here for the day.'' Even though in some places you can only go 25 miles into the United States. In other places, I think it's up to 40 miles, if I'm not mistaken. But it's not supposed to be your free entry into the United States of America, and yet it's just inexcusable you have no exit program to be able to scan these passes.    I'll yield back. My apologies.    Ms. Plaskett, you're now recognized for a very generous 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    And we don't have the--necessarily the proper panelists to deal with this part of it, but to lead on, to follow up with what you said, one of the most infuriating parts of this are the people who are here illegally and commit crimes only to be released back into the interior of the United States of America.    For fiscal year 2013 and 2014, the Obama administration released roughly 66,000 criminal aliens. According to enforcement and removal operations, there are 925,000 people with final orders to be removed from the country who have not--that they haven't been removed.    You know, there are people that are here illegally, and then there are people that are here illegally and they committed a crime. And to not focus on those people and make sure that they leave the country--and then when they do, to find that a huge percentage of them have to get picked up coming back across the border, I mean, how do you look people in the eye and say 925,000 people are here illegally or ordered to leave the country and they did not.    And then you add on top of that the number of other criminals, they're in our possession. We have them. They were caught. They were convicted. And we said, ``Go ahead. You're released.'' And we have horrific stories in just about every single State you can think about. And it's just horrendous.    We're now pleased to recognize Mr. Cuellar who lives in Texas. He's very dedicated on this issue. We appreciate him and glad to waive him in by unanimous consent. We'll now recognize him for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I'll now recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Few kind of tie-up questions and then we'll be done here.    Ambassador Moser, in Mexico City, the last number we had is that we were planning in the new embassy--and I recognize that it's behind schedule--we were planning on 1,335 desks. The costs had gone from the original estimate of $577 million to $943 million. Any adjustments in those, or are those still the numbers that you're working with?    Chairman Chaffetz. And it's real dollars. You know, every time we spend dollars here we're pulling money out of American people's pockets to give it to somebody else. And so the concern is you have a $200 million growth there. You were looking at roughly just shy of $250 million for the building, the construction of Matamoros and the Nuevo Laredo facilities. That's a huge amount of dollars going out the door, when you consider that Matamoros is looking at 103 desks and Nuevo Laredo is 88 desks. And we're going to spend a quarter of a billion dollars.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. In Monterrey--well, let me jump in here. Same country, right. In Monterrey, $179 million for 199 desks, but Matamoros, which is 103 desks, is $191 million.    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you make any situation where the cost has gone down?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. What is it?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah, but where is the place where the cost estimate went down, came in under budget or even on budget?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah, exactly. Because we looked at this. The reason that we are going to continue to focus on this is every single thing we've done since the time I was elected, since the President took place--took office, the same time, every one of these facilities has gone up in costs. Every one of them. And they're not even close. We didn't come up with those estimates. The State Department came up with those statements. And now we're seeing this double-digits percentage growth by the billions of dollars. I mean, by the billions.    Let me keep going because we are trying to wrap this up. In Nuevo Laredo, when I went and visited the site, beautiful site, I can understand the location, the proximity to Laredo, Texas, I get it. And I do believe that they need a new facility. The one they're in currently is old. I understand that. But on that site there were living quarters that were a potential living quarters for the consulate general.    The recommendation for the people on the ground who are working there was to keep that facility. And yet, OBO said, ``No, we're not going to keep that facility,'' and they destroyed it. I have questions on follow-up as to why was it destroyed? Why didn't it meet the specifications? And number two is, have you figured out and determined where the consulate general is actually going to live in Nuevo Laredo?    Chairman Chaffetz. Here's the concern: The cost has grown; it's under construction; the site has been--but this is a pretty--there are only 88 desks, okay. It's a smaller facility. The consulate general and his facilities and his ability or her ability to conduct work on behalf of the United States is pivotal. And here we are, you know, into September 2015, and you all haven't figured out where he's going to live. It's a pretty big, important question.    So----    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, understood, on the old compound. But you have to travel, as I did, we had something like 30 armed guards escort us from the one facility to the next facility. You had to have the Mexican National Army lead us in a convoy with, you know, some rather large guns and whatnot ready to go at any moment. It's a very dangerous situation.    So I just don't understand why we're this far into it. Because there's going to be a cost. And so when we look at $154 million, that doesn't include the site acquisition or development or purchase of something for the consulate general, does it?    Chairman Chaffetz. Have you informed Congress that this number is shy of what it needs to be?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. It's amazing that you get down there and see that there's no plan and no--other than, ``Hey, we're going to continue to look at it.'' To suggest that they took 10 years to try to find a facility to locate the Mexico City Embassy. I mean, that's an embarrassment. Ten years?    Chairman Chaffetz. You bought a site that's toxic. And by the Mexican Government it's so toxic you can't build there. And there are hundreds of people that are going to suffer and live in inadequate working quarters.    Again, I want to try to wrap up here. When will the new danger pay--when will this new program be implemented? Has it been announced?    Chairman Chaffetz. When does that take place?    Chairman Chaffetz. We'll try it again. You and I tried it in a classified setting, and it didn't go so well, did it?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah. And so this is not a new topic that I sprung on you here at this--you knew I was going to bring it up.    Chairman Chaffetz. I look forward to seeing that formula. For those men and women who work in Mexico, who have loved ones that are here in the United States and their husband or wife or sibling or whoever, daughter, whatever is working in Mexico, and their pay just got cut, you can look at the Obama administration, you could look at Secretary Kerry, and you could look to that organization, because it wasn't us Republicans. Don't tell us that it was--you were tight on budgets.    Chairman Chaffetz. They did get their--are you telling me that----    Chairman Chaffetz. Are there people working in Mexico who earn less than they did before?    Chairman Chaffetz. That's my problem.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah. Can they still--in Nuevo Laredo can they walk outside of the consulate? No, they can't.    Chairman Chaffetz. Really?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah, I can't wait to play that video for those people working there. Shame on you for----    Chairman Chaffetz. I don't agree with you.    Chairman Chaffetz. I have been there. I have talked to those people.    Chairman Chaffetz. Don't tell me that--don't get on your high horse, because you just cut their pay. I didn't do that; you did.    Chairman Chaffetz. And when I went down there, I didn't know that this was an issue. They brought it up.    Chairman Chaffetz. And we sat them down in the room, and to think if it's fair. It's not safe. When I talk to the people who were there working in that facility, it's so dangerous they can't go outside.    Chairman Chaffetz. And you're getting Mexico wrong. You're getting Mexico wrong.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah, you can bring staff up all you want. I can tell you, I have been there. I have looked at those statistics. I have briefed with the people there. You cut their pay, and I think it's wrong. And I think people on both sides of this aisle think it's wrong.    It was petty. It was not useful. It was not productive. It's cut morale. It was unnecessary, and I think it should be changed. I really do. I really do. It's not for a lack of appropriation. It's the management of the State Department. That's the question here. That's the question.    We're going to continue to work on that. There are a lot of other issues. I do believe we have to engage in meaningful immigration reform. There has to be a legal, lawful way to get here. If you don't fix legal immigration, you're never, ever going to solve this problem. One of the issues we need to work on is the asylum reform. I actually have an asylum reform bill.    In conclusion, I cannot thank the men and women of the--particularly the Border Patrol for all they do and the good, hard work that they do. I have been down there. It's one of my joys to go out with them in the Ajo district. I've been out there with them as we chase people coming across the border. You sit there and just watch them all day long coming across, and these people apprehend them in a very professional manner. They work hard. It's hard, very dangerous work. Can't thank them enough for the good work that the people do in the Customs and Border Patrol.    ERO has an exceptionally difficult mission. ICE is doing some very important work. There are good people doing work all across the border.    And my point, sir, is with those people working in the State Department, they too have a vital mission. And it's just unacceptable to us. It's just mind-boggling that there would knowingly and willingly cut their pay, telling them that it's more safe when there are conditions there that are not conducive. To say that, oh, they can just go across the border so they can get to a Dairy Queen, yeah, that doesn't cut it. That's not acceptable.    With that, I appreciate all of you for participating today. I think this was a good hearing. This hearing stands adjourned.