    Mr. Gonzalez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, ranking members, and members of the committee. It is an honor to testify before you today. I have submitted my testimony for the record and I thought, with your concurrence, I would use my time just to highlight the main points.    Mr. Gonzalez. Understood. Without your objection, Mr. Chairman, I would like to submit my testimony for the record and just highlight the main points in my opening remarks.    I last testified, as you mentioned, when this committee held a hearing on border security in March, which remains an incredibly issue and a national security priority for the administration. And thank you for your leadership in chairing that hearing.    And I cannot let an opportunity go by to also thank this committee for its support for Central America. To be frank, we would be nowhere without you and we are actually very working aggressively to implement the U.S. strategy for engagement in Central America and it is all thanks to the work of this committee and the Members of Congress.    Today we also celebrate the 195th anniversary of Central America's independence. The region's history is closely intertwined with ours and the region's prosperity and security has always mattered to the United States. Throughout, we have seen positive signs, like the region's active efforts to integrate and cement trade partnerships with the United States, Europe, Asia but challenges abound as well. Corruption is rampant throughout. Transnational criminal organizations challenge the state in some areas.    Equally concerning is the state of democratic institutions in various parts of Central America but I would say most so in Nicaragua, where President Daniel Ortega has been working to transform the country into a de facto one-party system.    The government's recent actions restrict free and fair elections and to dismantle democratic institutions, such as independent political parties are troubling to us. While certain freedoms continue to exist and elections are still being held in November, the Sandinista National Liberal Front has applied the tools of incumbency, influenced the judiciary, and manipulated the political influence and intimidation to eliminate the system of checks and balances necessary for a vibrant and functioning democracy. The cumulative effect of these actions threatens to render the upcoming elections a pantomime of democracy.    And the question before us is how to respond. In sum, the approach we are taking if four-fold. First, we are voicing our concerns and exposing such authoritarian actions for what they are. To avoid bilateralizing the issue, we need to work with multi-lateral organizations and we are doing this.    Second, we are standing in solidarity with Nicaraguan civil society and supporting democratic institutions in every way we can. To be clear, ours is not an anti-Ortega strategy; it is a pro-Nicaragua strategy and we are working with the opposition, as well as elements of the Sandinistas.    Third, we are engaging directly with the Nicaraguan people. The future of Nicaragua will not be determined in Washington and only by the Nicaraguan people. So, our Ambassador is out there every day making the case for better U.S.-Nicaraguan relations and speaking on behalf of strong democratic institutions. Actually, I don't think Ambassador Laura Dogu sleeps. She is an active advocate on behalf of the United States.    And fourth, we continue to have interests in the country and we need to continue advancing those interests. So, we will continue to cooperate with them in areas where we have a direct interest, like counter-narcotics and combating transnational criminal organizations.    Again, we continue to closely monitor the developments as they relate to the election. It is something incredibly concerning. And we look forward to working with members of this committee on the best ways to promote our interest in Nicaragua. Thank you very much.    Mr. Gonzalez. Thank you, Congressman. So, you are exactly right, actually, Nicaragua is the second poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. What we have seen, however, is that even though he won and actually observed the 2006 election when Ortega came back to power. He won with just roughly 38 percent of the vote.    Today, he enjoys 60 percent or so level of popularity and a lot of that has been as a result of a lot of the social investments that he has made in the country. There have been reductions in poverty, even though the level of poverty remains above 39 percent but a lot of it is a result of Venezuela's largess. And in our view, it is not sustainable, particularly, in the absence of strong institutions.    Every country has the right to buy military equipment. And is it something that they are using as a tool of intimidation? What is clear to us is that the approach that Ortega has actually been using since 2006 have been overt efforts to consolidate one-party control, something he has been working on since he returned, remove even independent allies within Sandinista, repress civil society, independent media, and the opposition, control the private sector and advance an active propaganda for the Sandinista party.    But to answer your questions, sir, there is this old Latin American saying, which is for our friends, anything and for our enemies, the law. So, they are using a way to actually technically using legal systems to undermine the opposition in a way that is bad for the country's democracy and for the thriving of civil society.    Mr. Gonzalez. Well, I know that the wealthiest 10 percent receive roughly 39 percent of all income and that right now the bottom 30 percent receive roughly 8.3 percent. So, there is a huge level of inequality that endures in Nicaragua.    Mr. Gonzalez. I could get you information. I don't have the details on his personal wealth.    Mr. Gonzalez. I imagine, yes.    Mr. Gonzalez. Congressman, thank you for your question.    The IMET support that we provide to Nicaragua, I have got to say that they are not allowing members of the Nicaraguan military to actually come up here. And I think it is, my interpretation is because what we actually do through IMET training is create a professional military. We promote the respect for human rights. We find synergies between U.S. and foreign militaries and it has been an effective took for us to cooperate with foreign militaries around the world.    Mr. Gonzalez. Well, the types of classes that we teach through IMET where we will bring people up here is a series of classes that include human rights, better interoperability with U.S. military, those types of trainings. They have not actually allowed Nicaraguan military to come up for the training.    Mr. Gonzalez. Well, we have actually concrete results in cooperating with them on counter-narcotics.    Mr. Gonzalez. Well, the source countries include Colombia, I would say, primarily but----    Mr. Gonzalez. It actually helps us because it instills, it aligns values, in a way, actually, of how you manage responsible and a political military.    In terms of the flow of drugs, cocaine and heroin that come up to the United States, they go by land and by air. Mostly, they will skip over Nicaragua, even though they are, right now I think in 2015 we seized over 4.3 metric tons of cocaine but a lot of them are overshooting and going to other countries or going, obviously, still through land but in lower numbers because Nicaragua has actually been very active on the counter-narcotics front.    Mr. Gonzalez. Thank you, Congressman. So, separate from Russia and China, whenever a third country is involved in Latin America or Central America and promoting a hemisphere that Vice President Biden calls secure middle class and democratic and is abiding by international rules, it is not a zero sum game. We say welcome. You can't take those roads with you when you build them.    Specifically to your question, sir, Russia has seen itself specifically isolated over the past several years, as they face international outcry over its incursions in other parts of the world. And so they have tried to increase their engagement. If you seize the countries that they have an opening with, like Nicaragua, are few and far between. The engagement tends to be transactional. And it is something we are watching very closely but we see it as limited and to arms sales and resulting spare parts and training as a part of the main part of the relationship.    Mr. Gonzalez. Well, with regard to Russia, they will provide credits. As you know, they sold the tanks to Nicaragua. But beyond that, it has been mostly just a transactional arms trading exercise.    It is something that we are watching very closely and it is something that we would welcome an opportunity to brief you in a classified setting. I know we have discussed this with the chairman in a classified setting before and welcome that opportunity.    Mr. Gonzalez. Yes, so Congressman, our assistance that focuses on Central America is one that does not go directly to the government. We providing training, equipment and so on and so forth. Overall, we are going to provide $13 million in 2016 funds and the impact is one where we have actually worked with the Nicaraguan Navy, which even though it has really limited assets, conducts regular patrols and interdiction operations in their internal waters in the Pacific and in the Caribbean Coast. We have donated equipment. They are actually using donated Nor-Tech Boston Whalers and refurbished boats under Section 1033 authority, which is the DoD money but it something that has synergies with the Central American Regional Security Initiative.    And the support, again, is the work that we do is there will be training and we will provide equipment that is specifically focused toward the counter-narcotics operation. The results have been, as I mentioned earlier, 4.3 metric tons in seized assets last year. So far, they have arrested over 135 people, seized $2.8 million and 55 go-fast boats and other means of transport. And so we are having a lot of results in that area of cooperation.    Mr. Gonzalez. That is correct.    Mr. Gonzalez. Well, it has actually been significant. Actually, our trade, two-way trade has doubled in the past decade. We have a $5 billion trade relationship and our exports have increased 25 percent in 2015 or up 18 percent as far as July of this year.    But Congressman, to the point on the democracies, we could do so much more to cooperate with Nicaragua in the way that we do with other parts of Central America. But because of the limiting of democratic freedoms, we have a very limited scope in which we work with the government.    Mr. Gonzalez. Madam Chair, thank you for your words. First of all, I think the most important lesson Vice President Joe Biden taught me was taking very seriously the advice and consent role of the U.S. Congress. So, it has been a pleasure to work with you and your staff.    So, while we cannot comment on pending legislation, I will say, Madam Chair, that we share the principles behind it and, frankly, the work that this committee and that you personally doing to spotlight the challenges in Nicaragua. So, we share the principles but I cannot comment on the specifics.    Mr. Gonzalez. Madam Chair, my understanding is that they are going to--they have announced that they will begin using an x-ray of packages, which is something that they can do under international law but it is something we are watching very closely because any step beyond that to maybe move to open it would be something that would be in violation of their international obligations and would be troubling to us in the course of----    Mr. Gonzalez. Mr. Chairman, thank you for that question.    While it is the right of every nation to control its borders and who enters and, obviously, official interaction, we agree. We coincide entirely with you that the expulsion was unwarranted and inconsistent with a constructive and positive bilateral relationship.    Immediately after, the two officials who were actually there to facilitate trade on textiles, I, personally, spoke with Ambassador Campbell and made clear the potential ramifications of going down this road. We communicated a diplomatic note and, since then, actually, clarified the travel procedures with the Nicaraguan Government.    Since then, we have not had problems. And we know that there have been religious organizations and faith-based organizations that have been interested in doing work, we have had journalists and others.    Since the new travel procedures have been established, we have been able to go forward without incident but we have made it clear that we will have to reconsider how we respond if this is something that continues.    Mr. Gonzalez. Mr. Chairman, first on the trade point, I just want to say that it is in our interest to actually engage with the Nicaraguan people and trade. While it does benefit the economic elites, it also benefits the people.    But we are looking at, as the elections progress and coincide with everything that you have said on the treatment of political opposition, we are looking at all of our tools at our disposal, understanding that there is no silver bullet and that the Nicaraguans have to be the ones that decide the future of their country.    The Ambassador Dogu, who has been very active on the ground, we coincided that diplomatic engagement is not a reward. It is an opportunity to actually make very clear what our concerns are. And whenever she meets with the Supreme Court and she meets just as much with members of the opposition, civil society and youth, and the government, makes very clear what our concerns are and where U.S. policy is headed. And so we feel like she has been very effective in that regard.    Now, just very briefly on the political situation. I don't need to tell this committee that the political process involves constant compromise. But in the United States, we are not perfect. Our democracy is always improving. But we speak out on these sorts of issues not because we are perfect but because we think the ideal of not persecuting people if they disagree with you is the right ideal, number one. And we do not have, as Americans, confidence in a system where one person or one family is making all of the decisions.    And we believe that in a democracy, if we believe in democracy, it means everybody has to have a chance to speak out and actually offer their views. And that is what being undermined in Nicaragua and I think, in the long-run, will not be good for the country.    Mr. Gonzalez. Mr. Chairman, on your first point, we coincide entirely. One of the strategies that the Ortega administration has taken is to actually essentially control the private sector, under the presumption that as long as they have good counter-narcotics cooperation with the United States and a good relationship with the private sector, they pay their international debts, that we will turn a blind eye to the undermining of democracy.    This will have, I think--we are approaching a situation where in November they will be free, in the sense that people will be allowed to vote in the election. But they will not be fair and it is something that over time will undermine, I think, how the institutions work and it will have implications for the private sector. And it is something that in Nicaragua but around the hemisphere and around the world, Secretary Kerry, our Acting Assistant Secretary Mari Carmen Aponte have made anti-corruption efforts a priority.    And we have taken actions even with our allies in places like Honduras. You have seen our work in Guatemala and it is something that we are looking at everything we have in our diplomatic toolbox to see how we can actually tackle these sorts of issues of corruption, violations of human rights, et cetera. I look forward to working with you and your committee on developing those tools most effectively.    On the OAS briefly, sir, we have done everything possible to try to get the Government to agree to invite an electoral observation machine. I will note that the OAS is observing the U.S. election. So, it is not that we are saying do what we say and not do what we do, we are actually walking the walk in this case.    And the OAS is actually looking very closely at the situation in Nicaragua. I understand they are working on a report that they will release. And the reality is that currently the time is closing for there to be an international observation mission and that the conditions maybe don't exist for there to be a fair election, as I mentioned.    Mr. Gonzalez. Thank you, Mr. Congressman, for that very important question.    One of the initiatives that when I was with Vice President Biden that we launched with our State Department Special Envoy for Energy Issues, Amos Hochstein, was the Caribbean Energy Security Initiative in June 2014 but then it is something that we also rolled out in Central America.    And on the premise that the region's dependence on expensive imported fuel provides headwinds to development and efforts to actually reduce poverty. And what we have been doing in Nicaragua has actually been we have been taking a regional approach.    The countries have what is called the SIEPAC line, which allows them to coordinate in the transmission of electricity and it is something that is not being taken full advantage of. And it is something we are trying to provide technical assistance through kind of the regional energy market to help them actually take full advantage and get to the point where they can expand the capacity but also, because cooperation on energy issues between states is incredibly complicated, try to find a way to ensure that renewable energy is something that is integrated into the grid and not just traditional fossil fuels.    Costa Rica and Nicaragua have actually taken very active steps on renewables. Honduras is making investments. And I think the positive consequences or results of our engagement have been that we are trying to streamline the way they do regulation, the way they take advantage of the line, and how they actually start expanding the use of renewables.    Mr. Gonzalez. Congressman, perhaps this will sound undiplomatic but I am skeptical. We have not seen a single shovel being used in the building of the Nicaragua Canal. And so the position we will take is we will believe it when we see it.    But it is something that we are watching, I think, very closely. The expansion of the Panama Canal is something that benefits U.S. ports in a significant way, because it allows us to reduce our shipping costs. And so, it is something that we are watching.    With regard to China's involvement, whether it is in Nicaragua or in the Caribbean, where they have also been very present, the message we have always conveyed to them is that there are international standards that all of us have to uphold and that insofar as they are upholding those and they are promoting secure, prosperous, and democratic region, we are welcoming their engagement. But we maintain a yearly active dialogue with the Chinese on Latin America and how best to actually maximize their cooperation in a productive way.    Mr. Gonzalez. I can't pretend to know what is in the mind of President Daniel Ortega but I know that often, be it Nicaragua or be it Venezuela, often the moniker of U.S. imperialism is a foil to distract from problems inside the country but also, I think, as a way to I think maybe brandish a sort of socialist--or not socialist--a sort of way of governing and try to push out any sort of----    Mr. Gonzalez. Congressman, I will say two things. And thank you for your comments. We coincide entirely on the democratic backsliding in Nicaragua.    Two things. First----