    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks for allowing me to sit in on the hearing today.    You know, this is something that affects many of my constituents. I think I have more Federal employees than Federal retirees than any other Member of Congress. And, believe me, we have heard from them. The phone rang off the hook.    Mr. Beyer. Mr. Ranking Member, thank you for requesting this hearing.    For example, Rebecca Cuddy shared this story of her mother and her unaffordable premiums. Sharon Reynolds wrote about how she feels completely untrapped with the unaffordable premiums. Jim Real asked many effective probing questions. And I sent several letters to OPM requesting an explanation and a justification for why this is happening, what we can do to fix it, and at least how to plan to prevent this from ever happening again.    So, Mr. O'Brien, maybe Mr. Doughty, why during the interim actuarial reviews didn't you know that a premium hike was imminent and at least make this information available to the current enrollees? One of the big problems they had was sticker shock after 7 years. Or why not even perhaps interim rate increases at the 4- or 6-year period?    Mr. Beyer. Mr. O'Brien, I think you go right to the heart of this too. Because what I heard from so many people was they signed up in 2002 or sometime along the way with really expectations and guarantees that this was the premium, as long as the benefits--in fact, in the 2002 literature, I quote, ``Premiums have been set to remain constant for life unless you increase benefits.'' And then in the renewal in 2007, the--I think you said that somewhere along the way that they signed a form indicating premiums may only increase from among a group of whose premium is determined to be inadequate. And basically, no one saw that.    In fact, the literature--the only thing that's different in the literature from 2002 to 2009 was you left out that line about premiums set to remain constant. Here, we're always guarding against binding arbitration hidden in the six-point type on the back of the contract.    What did you do proactively to make sure that people knew in 2009 that they could really get hit the next time around?    Mr. Beyer. Well, I confess if you talk to the people that you serve, they don't feel that way.    Mr. Thissen, you had suggested perhaps a Federal long-term care insurance oversight board. Is that still a good idea?    Mr. Beyer. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much.    Mr. Doughty, one of the things I've been confused--I did sign up for long-term care insurance. And when I got the notices, I show that my premium was just $325 a month, went to $483. And I got the three different options, which seem perfectly fair.    But the letters that we were getting in our office were from people 10 years older than I who had signed up for premiums at $180, $150, and $200 that went up to $1,200, that were up by factors of four, five, six. And I'm trying to figure out why was there such a difference in the increase in the premiums person to person? I felt like I got a relatively soft landing compared to the letters that I was receiving from constituents, who will probably have much less ability to pay it than I did.    Mr. Beyer. To be clear, unaffordability was what came home so hard to them. The other deal too is feeling cheated that they put in money for year after year after year and then all of a sudden it becomes unaffordable, and they have a choice of taking a much smaller premium that wouldn't cover them or getting all their money back, which doesn't do them much good at age 75 or 82.    Mr. O'Brien, just one--as a retailer of 40-plus years, we generally like to increase our labor rates like $1 at a time and hope people don't notice it rather than do it all at once and double it or 126 percent. You might take that into consideration going forward.    Mr. Beyer. And I know Mr. Connolly was very firm there at the end, and I think what came--what I heard from that is that we really need a commitment from you to have to do things differently, lest the 2016 hearing be like the 2009 hearing, and we're back here again in 2023 tearing our hair out again and asking you questions that you have a hard time answering.    Mr. Beyer. And I--on the notion of why we couldn't have made--I'm still not convinced that the actuarial things--you talked about the perfect storm, the low interest rates. Well, we've known that we've got low interest rates since the Great Recession. Or that people are living longer, we've known that for a long time too.    Was it only April of this year that we suddenly realized how off-balance we were, how out of sync we were with the premiums?    Mr. Beyer. Okay, great. Thank you.