    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I find myself utterly dissatisfied with the explanations we have heard today.    And I want to train my attention on you, Mr. Hess. You have made some fine distinctions about what that employee of your company was doing, the one that got hacked and who was working on OPM's systems at the time. And, because of that hack, that employee became a victim and lost personal information. And that led to the successful hacking of OPM's systems.    Have I broadly described that correctly, sir?    Mr. Cartwright. All right. But it was a KeyPoint employee; am I correct in that?    Mr. Cartwright. And you are the CEO of KeyPoint, right?    Mr. Cartwright. All right. And you are denying accountability for that hack, for the OPM hack. And what you said was the employee was working on OPM's systems at the time, not KeyPoint's. That is what your testimony was, correct?    Mr. Cartwright. Well, so we have an individual's OPM credentials that were taken. That individual happened to be a KeyPoint employee. Did that KeyPoint employee have OPM credentials as part of his or her scope of employment with KeyPoint?    Mr. Cartwright. Okay. It wasn't a coincidence that this KeyPoint employee had OPM credentials. It was part and parcel of his or her scope of employment with your company, wasn't it?    Mr. Cartwright. All right.    And it was KeyPoint paying this person as the person was working on OPM's systems at the time; am I correct in that?    Mr. Cartwright. And you understand, under traditional concepts of the law, KeyPoint is responsible for the acts of its employees acting within the scope and course of their employment with your company. You understand that, don't you?    Mr. Cartwright. All right.    Mr. Hess, you are here today because a cyber espionage operation succeeded in breaching very personal information that your company was entrusted with.    On January 6, 2015, my ranking member, Mr. Cummings, sent you a letter requesting information about the data breach. His letter requested a number of documents. Did you get the letter?    Mr. Cartwright. You got the letter, right?    Mr. Cartwright. And more than 5 months later you haven't responded with documents; am I correct in that?    Mr. Cartwright. Well, let's go through the document request that Mr. Cummings made.    He requested a log of all successful cyber intrusions into your company's networks in the last 4 years. That is a reasonable request, isn't it, Mr. Hess?    Mr. Cartwright. Will you provide this to the committee?    Mr. Cartwright. You are the boss there, aren't you?    Mr. Cartwright. All right. But you are going to get permission from your team, who work for you; is that it?    Mr. Cartwright. Let's go to the next request: copies of all forensic analyses and reports concerning the data breach, including findings about vulnerabilities to malware.    When will you provide these documents to the committee?    Mr. Cartwright. Ranking Member Cummings requested a list of all Federal customers affected by the data breach. Will you provide those to the committee?    Mr. Cartwright. Mr. Hess, your company exists because of the largesse of the United States Federal Government. We expect you to respond to requests from this committee.    Mr. Cummings does not write letters because he just enjoys writing letters. He is concerned about the security and the safety not only of Federal employees but of the United States public.    This is really important. Will you please treat it as such?    Mr. Cartwright. By responding and calling but not providing the documents. We want the documents, Mr. Hess.    I yield back.