    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Thank you, Chairman Duffy. And thank you for staying focused on this very important issue.    We are here today because individuals within the Federal Government decided to create a policy that deliberately targeted specific businesses that, in their mind, had questionable business practices or were hurting consumers.    While we can all agree that consumer protection is a noble and worthy task, the personal preferences of unelected bureaucrats should not, and must not, be the policy of the United States. If a company or an individual is breaking the law, they should be held accountable.    However, extrajudicial punishment meted out arbitrarily runs counter to the American rule of law and, frankly, the United States Constitution. These types of actions harm the economic security of our Nation and destroy the trust that is critical between private enterprise and the Federal Government.    It is my hope, Mr. Chairman, that we can come together to understand what the FDIC's involvement was in these practices and create a bipartisan solution to ensure that this never happens again.    Mr. Fitzpatrick. I thank the chairman.    Mr. Gruenberg, community banks in my district have felt the direct and harmful effects of Operation Choke Point and so have several private employers. The result is more red tape, costly legal fees, and less capital for lending.    And frankly, just like in Mr. Mulvaney's district, employees in my district have lost their jobs as a result of an operation that I believe neither the Department of Justice nor the FDIC wanted to be public at all.    We have all seen the emails and communications that, at the very least, suggest that bank examiners' personal opinions of particular industries have colored their views on what is considered high risk.    Recently your office issued guidance, though, stating that banks should look at individual businesses rather than entire industries. Is that true?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. What procedures have you put in place internally to ensure that examiners are not pressuring regulated banks to deny accounts and access to industries of which they personally disapprove?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Is there a mechanism for banks that believe that they have been impacted to file some sort of a complaint with the FDIC?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. What are the sanctions for examiners that violate? If a complaint is justified, what are the sanctions?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. I know that we are all wondering how exactly the FDIC would determine that a particular industry was high risk when it produced the original list of industries.    Mr. Fitzpatrick. What type of criteria certified a business, in the eyes of FDIC, to be high risk? What were you using?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. And what liability do banks face if they do business with clients that the FDIC determines to be high risk?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Are examiners permitted to tell bank officials that their banks and/or individual employees of those banks may face criminal charges for doing business with particular clients?