    Mr. Lewis. Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, distinguished members of the committee, Representative Donovan, thank you for the opportunity to testify again regarding the administration's Guantanamo detainee transfer process.    Secretary Carter has approved the transfer of 43 detainees, 28 of whom have been transferred this year. Secretary Hagel approved the transfer of 44 detainees. Secretary Panetta, 7, and Secretary Gates, 65.    During this administration, 159 detainees have been transferred. Mr. Chairman, we understand the importance of this issue to you and this committee and we appreciate the attention you have given to it.    As I stated in March at the outset, I'd like to reiterate one continuing fundamental point regarding this detention facility. The President and his National Security Committee have determined that closing this detention facility is a national security imperative.    Imperative is a strong term. The President in his leadership of the national security team believe that the continued operation of the detention facility weakens our national security.    Closing Guantanamo is about protecting the country, not weakening it. As you know, the importance in closing this detention facility is echoed by former President George W. Bush and a long list of former Secretaries of State, Secretaries of Defense, Joint Staff Chairmen, and other former military leaders.    As Representative Engel noted, a letter was provided to the committee by former flag officers, including a former commandant of the Marine Corps. Transfers from Gitmo are in the national security interest of the United States and are conducted in a safe and responsible manner.    On March 23, 2016, I testified before this committee. During that hearing, as the chairman noted, I was asked whether the Department of Defense had ever knowingly transferred a detainee to a country that did not exhibit an ability to substantially mitigate the risk or control the individual.    In response to that question, I stated that the Department of Defense had not conducted such a transfer. I stand by my response.    We have addressed your concerns, Mr. Chairman, in the letter that we sent to you this week and I, again, apologize for the late response. But I want to briefly highlight several points.    Here's our statutory framework: The 2016 NDAA requires that at least 30 days prior to any transfer and in addition to other requirements the Secretary of Defense certify to Congress that the receiving country has taken or agreed to take steps to substantially mitigate any risk that the individual could attempt to re-engage or otherwise threaten the United States. We have met that statutory requirement with each of our transfers.    Prior to the transfer of any detainee to a foreign country, the United States Government receives security assurances from the receiving country regarding the actions that the receiving country has taken or agrees to take to substantially mitigate the risk.    After the assurances are negotiated, the Secretary of Defense and his senior staff engage in a robust review process that considers many factors, including all of the intelligence that the government has regarding the threat posed by the individual detainee and the security assurances.    Importantly, updated intelligence, medical, and compliance information is provided to each country regarding the detainees under consideration for the transfer. Many countries also take the opportunity to travel to Gitmo to interview transfer candidates.    After full consideration of all this information, including a full and updated assessment from the intelligence community, the Secretary makes the determination to that I told you about earlier.    As Secretary Carter has testified and Secretary Hagel testified, they take this responsibility very seriously. Secretary Carter has said he will not transfer a detainee that he does not believe is in the security interests of the United States to do so.    These transfers have not been conducted in a vacuum, sir. Each transfer is formally notified to Congress and we regularly brief members and staff on transfers.    With the notice of each transfer we offer to brief congressional leadership and members and staff of all the national security committees. I appreciate the opportunity we have had to regularly brief you and your staff regarding these transfers.    Briefly, I think it is important to put these recent transfer decisions on foreign policy context for this committee. Many countries in the international community want to close Gitmo and have stepped up to help us.    Specifically, over 30 countries since 2009 have accepted for resettlement Guantanamo detainees that are not nationals of their country.    Additionally, there is sustained support for our closure efforts from civil society organizations, both domestic and abroad, including the Organization for American States. Even the Vatican has expressed the support for our closure efforts.    In summary, each transfer is only approved after careful scrutiny by the intensive interagency review process and the negotiation of the security assurances sufficient to substantially mitigate any threat.    Finally, I'd like to take a moment to again recognize the military service members who conduct detention operations at Guantanamo. These men and women continue to have our deepest appreciation for their service and the professionalism they display each and every day on behalf of our Nation.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Lewis. Yes.    Mr. Lewis. Yes, sir.    Mr. Lewis. Yes.    Mr. Lewis. Yes.    Mr. Lewis. Mr. Chairman, the reports you refer to are one of many reports we look at. We look at all source information from the intelligence community and as the Envoy has stated, the Secretary makes his determination looking at all the evidence that is available, the updated evidence, and in particular he makes his assessment after we overlay the security assurances to that country.    So if the intelligence tells us that there may be a gap in capabilities that is what we negotiate the assurances for. So again, we look at those records, Mr. Chairman. But we look at a much broader array of records.    Mr. Lewis. Sir, since I've worked for Secretary Hagel and Secretary Carter, every transfer has met the statutory requirement and it is my understanding that the administration, prior to my coming, transfer pursuant to the process that Envoy Wolosky indicated and there are no transfers that I am aware of that did not meet the statutory requirement.    Mr. Lewis. Mr. Engel, it is a more rigorous process. The process in the previous administration was only DoD--primarily only DoD, as Envoy Wolosky has said, this is interagency.    When the Obama administration took office there were about 240 detainees at Gitmo. We took a fresh look for over a year at all those detainees and decided three categories--those that could be eligible for transfer with appropriate security assurances to the proper country, those that they wanted to refer for prosecution to take a look at prosecution, and those that merited continued law of war detention.    I say it is more rigorous because as Lee said, there's a broader group of career professionals and some political but primarily career professionals, intelligence folks, career prosecutors, who looked at these cases.    They also looked at a broader array of evidence. They looked at all the evidence that the USG possessed whereas the previous process was primarily DoD evidence.    And then as we know, Congress weighed in. We now have the statutory overlay for all transfers. So the bottom line is, as Lee said, it is a much more rigorous and intensive process.    Mr. Lewis. Sir, there are three costs. It's primarily--it drains our expenses, it is wildly, wildly expensive. We can do it cheaper in the United States.    More importantly, for this committee, our allies want us to close<greek-l>d deg. Gitmo. It hurts us with the international community. In my previous testimony and in my opening statement I outlined indications in which members of the previous administration at the Department of State said Gitmo hurt us and I believe it is a propaganda and recruiting tool. President Bush said that. Many others have said that.    The bottom fundamental point is we want to protect the country and the national security leadership of this administration, President Bush and many people in his administration, numerous Secretaries of Defense, numerous Secretaries of State, the prior military officials that we talked about including a commandant in the Marine Corps, have said the cost of Gitmo outweighs the benefit.    It hurts us. It hurts us with the international community. It hurts us with our taxpayer money and it is a recruiting tool. The President has made this decision and the national security community leadership has made this decision. Lee?    Mr. Lewis. I echo the Envoy's comments. We would appreciate the opportunity to discuss this in detail. What I can tell you is we talked to the Uruguayan authorities on a regular basis. We regularly review intelligence. We regularly look at this and Secretary Hagel, who you know is a very forceful, careful, deliberate person, signed the congressional notification saying he felt that Uruguay could substantially mitigate any threat by this detainee. Again, we are happy to discuss this in closed session.    Mr. Lewis. Ma'am, that is something we'd have to talk about in a closed session.    Mr. Lewis. Again, the negotiation of the security assurances is very detailed and complex and to discuss any specifics I'd have to talk to you about that in a closed session and we are happy to do so.    Mr. Lewis. Sir, my title is Guantanamo Detention Closure. We're not closing the naval facility.    Mr. Lewis. Yes.    Mr. Lewis. Yes, sir.    Mr. Lewis. Yes, sir.    Mr. Lewis. Sir, we are closely----    Mr. Lewis. Sir, it is our understanding that there are 14 and I can get you the specifics on that. I believe we've--the intelligence community can get you those specific details. But the number is 14. Many of the incidents were in large-scale firefights in a war zone.    So we can't always distinguish whether Americans were killed by former detainees or other participants. But the intelligence community can get you the specific details that you asked for, sir.    Mr. Lewis. Yes, sir.    Mr. Lewis. Yes, Congressman, there have been transfers to Afghanistan and as Envoy Wolosky says, we do consult with the field commanders in Afghanistan prior to any transfer and, again, those transfers have been made under the statutory standard that any threat is going to be substantially mitigated by the host nation. So it is better to talk about this in a closed setting, sir.    Mr. Lewis. We've resettled to 30 and then 9 repatriations back to their own country.    Mr. Lewis. 159.    Mr. Lewis. Sir, can I make--can I make comment, though?    Mr. Lewis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. There are 29 detainees that are currently eligible for transfer who we believe we can transfer safely and responsibly if we get security assurances----    Mr. Lewis. Yes, sir.    Mr. Lewis. Sir, many of them are Yemenis. That's why they are there.    Mr. Lewis. Sir, the issue is wrongfully so. There are many people around the world in many countries who think that there were things that went wrong at Gitmo.    Mr. Lewis. We don't believe that there were but they perceive that it happened.    Mr. Lewis. Sir, many of our----    Mr. Lewis. It's in the motions phase, sir.    Mr. Lewis. Sir, I am a former Federal prosecutor as well. Other people are better placed to answer your question. But broadly, what I'll tell you is it is a new process so everything is new.    There's no precedent. There are a bunch of very good defense counsels and the judge is being careful and deliberative. We have a very good chief prosecutor, General Martins, who's trying very hard. But it is just, you know, the law--to do the law carefully, as you know, sir, is a careful process.    Mr. Lewis. Right now, as Envoy Wolosky said, there are seven that are in the motions phase. The 9/11 five, the alleged Cole bomber and then one more al-Qaeda leader. There are three in the sentencing phase, and we are continually looking at the others to see if there can be a case. But I am not in best place to tell you where we'd be.