    Ms. Walorski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am grateful for your efforts and for the help that you have given me and remain grateful. I am grateful I am allowed to come as a non-member.    The Honorable Ambassador, I actually came to seek your help. And I really, in the short amount of time in an opening statement, just want to familiarize with a case that I am working on in the State of Indiana. I have worked on this for 3 years. The case has been active for five. And I know this is small, but forgive me, this actually just came from Cyprus.    These are my constituents. This is Marla Smith-Theocharides, and her kids were kidnapped in Cyprus. And there is domestic problems in my district in Indiana. This couple was divorced. We have been working through every single legal channel there has been trying to secure the release of these kids.    And I literally came here today, and I am grateful to this chairman, I was so thrilled to hear that the Goldman bill passed and that there maybe was some help for people in my district, because, you know, I look at this, and you have done phenomenal work on this. I am here in my role, you know, as a Congresswoman representing these kids and this mother. I am also here as a fellow advocate on domestic violence and the things that we have all worked on our whole lives.    But I am appealing to you in the position that I have to say we need help. We can't move the Cypriot Government. We have used every law that we can. They are completely ignoring it. They are denying any kind of help for this woman and these kids. And it is an honor for me to actually just be able to sit here and have engaged in a conversation with you just to try to get your help, because you know what?    And, you know, my point earlier to you--and, again, for the record, is, you know, we are--I am not a believer in domestic violence. I have fought domestic violence my entire life, all over the globe, not just my district but in places like Eastern Europe and Romania where my husband and I were missionaries.    And back to the chairman's point, these are American kids. This is a mother of two kids who has lost access to these kids, has no help whatsoever from the Government that she is trying to comply with. We have gone through every channel possible, and there is police reports filed of this estranged husband coming back, perpetrating violence on her, there is violence being perpetrated on these kids, and they are American citizens.    And I just would implore you and am grateful to you, so thankful that you are here today, thankful that I am allowed the opportunity to make this case, but just wanted to make you aware of it. And I am definitely going to follow up, but just asking for your help on behalf of these constituents in the State of Indiana.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Ms. Walorski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, again.    Ambassador Jacobs, Marla, Katerina, and Marcus, again, these are my constituents. They are in a desperate situation, and I am here again on behalf of them, and in my role as well, is basically to ask you in your position--and, yes, I know you have done great work, and I know that there is, like you have said, 1,000 cases open. These two happen to be my responsibility.    So what is the State Department's overall strategy in Cyprus? Is this a trend? Do you see more of this happening? Are my two constituents and three constituents the only people trapped in this whole kidnapped children, desperate situation, violence in another country? What is the overall situation in Cyprus that you know of?    Ambassador Jacobs. I don't know of any case other than yours, but I will certainly check. I know that our counsel there, Steve Royster, has been very active on your behalf and on behalf of the children, and we will continue this pressure. And, as I told you when we met before the hearing, I will go to Cyprus. My daughter was born there, so I have a special affinity for Cyprus. And I will also meet with the Cypriot Ambassador here and impress upon him the necessity to resolve this case for Mrs. Theocharides.    Ms. Walorski. I really appreciate it. I am grateful, and they are grateful, and I am sure the families are watching today.    And I know that, again, when it comes to how helpless these families feel, and for all the families that are in this audience today, about how helpless we all feel when--these are American citizens. We would not tolerate this kind of violence in our country. And when things become desperate like this, I am just grateful.    And I will tell you that Ambassador Steve Royster, although I have never met him, has taken my call in the middle of the night many times. I look forward to meeting him. He has been an incredible help. The State Department overall has been helpful, but it just seems like it has just been nothing--in dealing with the Cypriot Government, one roadblock after another after another after another.    So in your position of authority, and based on what we are talking here today, with this issue of being able to sanction, I mean, I look at that as an open door that we really have not had before. So I appreciate it.    And I just have one other question.    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Walorski. I have another issue that I just want to bring up quickly. It is the Democratic Republic of the Congo. On these issues where the President suspended the adoptions, I have got also adoptive parents in my district that have a heart of gold that have adopted these children. They legally went through. They are trapped in the nation. They have shut it down. I have dealt with that with Romania before.    What is the status right now? Is it a Presidential issue? Are you working on it? Where are we on this, on the issue of the Congo?    Ambassador Jacobs. I can't tell you how frustrating this issue is for me. I went to Congo in December to talk to them about this. They promised that there would be an interministerial meeting that would make me very happy. The government changed 2 days later. The meeting never happened, and I am still really unhappy.    Our Acting Assistant Secretary was there last week. They promised the same thing and nothing has happened. We are reassessing what we do. We have bent over backwards to meet some of their demands to show them how loving families can make such a huge difference in the lives of children that are living under terrible conditions in foster homes and orphanages in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and we are not getting a lot of traction.    And we have allies in all of the other countries that are seeking to help children find permanency. We are hoping that they will attend the Special Commission meeting in the Hague in June, so that they can hear from all of us together in person, that adoption can be a great thing for a child, and especially for children who are unable to find permanency and a loving family in their own country.    Ms. Walorski. Well, I will just echo--because I have had firsthand experience in the nation of Romania when we were there and there was a moratorium on adoptions. And I think it is an outrage when there are willing parents, and I think it is an outrage as a Government to use children as political pawns and tools. We see it all over the world for all kinds of different things, but I just would echo I guess your frustration as well.    If there anything--and to my colleague, Mr. Meadows, if there is anything we can do as Members of Congress to put additional pressure on these nations to be able to comply and to not use these kids a political pawns, you know, they sell them multiple times, they never release them, they suspend them, there is so much gimmickry that goes on, I would just appreciate, if there is anything else that we could do to assist you, I would welcome it and definitely be an advocate.    Ambassador Jacobs. Thank you.    Ms. Walorski. Thank you very much.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.