    Dr. Gosar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this important hearing.    Today, we will hear another narrative of Federal dysfunction. Thanks to much needed precipitation this year, many Californians began to see the light at the end of the drought tunnel. Yet, here we are today holding another hearing on how two Federal fish agencies are making the light dimmer by undermining the water supply mission of another Federal agency, the Bureau of Reclamation.    Many in the western water world have been frustrated for years that the Bureau of Reclamation has not been able to stand up to the never-ending demands of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the National Marine Fisheries Service, and the litigants who fuel their missions. Based upon the testimony, today's circumstances are no different.    The fish agencies have based their latest demands on the premise that more water equals more fish. That notion has failed to work, as more water has been dedicated to fish, but their populations continue to dwindle, mainly due to ocean conditions, predatory fish, and other natural factors.    These agency proposals for more water midway through the irrigation season were not based on transparency. They not only failed to communicate adequately to water users, but they couldn't even communicate to each other. For example, one agency wanted to hold back water in reservoirs to supposedly benefit salmon, while the other wanted to drain the water to protect the Delta smelt.    These two agencies have direct jurisdiction over the Endangered Species Act, and it is clear they cannot harmonize their views on two different fish within the same watershed. It is time for a holistic approach on managing these species and to have one proposal, not two. Furthermore, these agencies need to be reorganized to avoid this situation. But don't take my word for it, take our President's, who proposed the same ideas a few years ago. So if you will look at the video, I would like to play 22 to 45.    Dr. Gosar. He is referring to management of Pacific salmon and steelhead. Both agencies also manage Atlantic salmon and sea turtles, but as you will see today, both agencies manage species within the same watershed and there is simply no coordinated plan when these species' supposed needs conflict with each other. Meanwhile, the Bureau of Reclamation and its water users are left hanging in the political whims of this Administration.    For this reason, I am working with Mr. LaMalfa on this much needed reorganization proposal. This is just one way to fix this mess. There needs to be more transparency, more independent peer review, and more collaboration between Federal agencies themselves and with those who work with them.    What is clear is that the process is broken and that the Federal status quo is not working for species, farmers, ranchers, and communities that depend on our natural resources. Defending the way the agencies have done business in this latest California saga is similar to a doctor ignoring the causes of sickness that could be cured.    I look forward to today's hearing. And with that, I yield back.