    Mr. McClintock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Our government's good credit is vital to everything that we do here. And there are two ways to wreck that credit: by borrowing too much; or by failing to pay it back on time and in full.    Congress alone has the constitutional power to tax, to borrow, and to spend. We regulate our borrowing through the debt limit. And when we need to increase it, we have a duty to review and revise the policies that are driving it.    The United States now staggers under $19 trillion of debt, nearly half of it run up in the last 8 years. The interest on that debt is the fastest-growing component of the Federal budget. Within 5 years, it will consume more than we now spend for our entire defense establishment. That is why we dare not increase the debt without also correcting what is causing it.    But that can often lead to temporary impasses. And when that happens, it is vital that credit markets maintain supreme confidence in the security of their loans, otherwise the interest rates that lenders charge us would quickly rise to account for the increased risk, and our precarious budget situation would rapidly spin out of control.    The organic law that established the Treasury Department in 1789 specifically says that it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to digest and prepare plans for the improvement and management of the revenue and for the support of the public credit.    ``Manage the revenue and support the public credit:'' the GAO clearly spelled out what that means in answering the Senate Finance Committee in 1985: ``Treasury is free to liquidate obligations in any order it finds will best serve the interests of the United States.''    The Constitution commands that the public debt is not to be questioned, and this is the practical mechanism for it. Most State constitutions provide that first call on any revenues is to maintain and protect their sovereign credit.    Now, that brings us to the fine point of the matter. In recent years, the Treasury Department has denied that it has either the ability or the authority to do so. Well, we now know from documents that were recently uncovered by this committee that this was a deliberate and calculated lie told to increase political pressure on Congress. We also know the Treasury Department was actually preparing contingency plans to prioritize debt at the same time the Treasury Secretary was publicly denying that he could.    These documents also reveal that Federal Reserve officials were incredulous and appalled that the Administration would make such statements because they ran a severe risk of panicking credit markets.    In 2001, I first introduced legislation to place an affirmative duty on the Treasury Department to provide first claim on any revenues for debt service. Ironically, the same Treasury Secretary who claimed he lacked legal authority opposed this bill that explicitly gave him that legal authority.    In response to his untruthful claim that it wasn't possible, we amended my bill in 2013 simply to allow the Treasury Secretary to borrow above the debt limit to guarantee that the debt would be paid in full and on time without having to prioritize. It passed the House in 2013, and again last year.    Opponents argued that this put creditors, like China, ahead of paying troops in the field. Actually, most of our debt is owed to Americans, and without our credit we can't pay our troops or anybody else. By protecting our credit first, we actually support and maintain our ability to pay for all of our other obligations.    Now, the President said this was tantamount to a family saying it would make its house payment, but not its car payment. Both are bad, but let us continue this analogy. If the family is living on its credit cards, as we are as a Nation, it had better make the minimum payments on its credit card first or it won't be able to pay the rest of its bills. And when that family has to increase its credit limit because it is spending above its means, it had better have a serious conversation about what is driving that debt and what to do about it.    Principled disputes over how the debt limit is addressed are going to happen from time to time. And just a few years ago, then-Senator Barack Obama vigorously opposed an increase in the debt limit sought by the Bush Administration. When these controversies erupt, as they inevitably do in a free society, it is imperative that credit markets are supremely confident that their loans to the United States are secure.    Thank you.    Mr. McClintock. Nothing surprises me about the mendacity of this Administration anymore. So I can't say I was shocked, just shocked that there was a dissembling going on.    But I will say this: Nobody advocates the Federal Government not paying any of its bills. That is not at issue here. Very bad things would happen if we were unable to pay any of those bills. That is not the issue here. It is not a question of taking out a mortgage and then not paying it, not putting the mortgage check in the mail, as my friend suggests.    Here is the point. If you are paying your home mortgage with your credit card, and that is essentially what this country is doing at the moment, you darn well better be sure that you pay the credit card first, the minimum payment, or your credit gets cut off and you can't pay your home mortgage or your car payment or the grocery bill, for that matter. That is what is at stake here.    And when credit markets begin to wonder if there is going to be a stalemate in Washington, the risk for making loans to the Federal Government goes up, the interest rates go up. And your point is spot on, our interest costs are already eating us alive, $255 billion this year just to rent the money we have already spent. We throw billion-dollar figures around here all the time without any reference point in the real world.    Every billion dollars is about $8 from an average family's taxes, which means that if you are an average family paying average taxes, about $2,000 of which you sent to the IRS this year did nothing more than rent the money we have already spent. That has to be brought under control.    But the first thing we have to do is be sure that our interest rates don't start to spiral because there is a perceived risk that the loans made to this government are not absolutely secure and sound.