    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to all our witnesses for being here to really discuss a very, very important issue and we all, obviously, will have to make an assessment about a deal if a final agreement materializes. But as is often the case, the devil is in the details and so this hearing is helpful in terms of understanding what we should be looking for and what we should be pressing for.    And if there is any--if the public statements made by both sides with respect to this framework are accurate there seems to be considerable space between the two parties still.    But I want to just start with Mr. Duelfer. You said that the--in your testimony that you thought the sanctions relief should be sort of upside down from what it is, that it shouldn't be IAEA that has to prove something but there should be compliance before any sanctions relief and at least in the summary that has been provided by the administration that is exactly how it does work because it says that after the IAEA has verified Iran has taken all of its key nuclear-related steps then sanctions relief is appropriate.    So you can quarrel about whether or not we can verify that but at least the framework for the agreement is the order that you suggested, that they first determine that there has been compliance and that the actions have been taken by Iran before relief can be granted.    Mr. Cicilline. I see. So you are suggesting that that same burden shifting should happen throughout the agreement?    Mr. Cicilline. And Secretary Rademaker, you said in your testimony that at the end of 10 or 15 years there are no restrictions. At the end of the 10 or 15 years there are both enhanced protocols and safeguards and membership as a party to the NPT which are in place, which presumably Iran could violate.    But if that were the case, are there any options that are not available then that would be available today? In other words, the agreement doesn't restrain the United States if there is a violation after 10 or 15 years to take whatever action the U.S. or the P5+1 thinks is necessary, correct?    Mr. Cicilline. And are permanent?    Mr. Cicilline. Okay. Thank you. I understand. Thank you.    Mr. Albright, I want to ask you, you mentioned in your testimony the challenges of inspections with respect to any place, any time--that there seems to be no agreement yet on what that inspections regime would look like.    And so my question is, is any place any time the only inspections regime that would work or is there something between that and what is currently being discussed that would provide the kind of assurances that we need--a notice, some quick opportunity to inspect, and when you said IAEA should not be the determinant body for violations do you have a recommendation of who should be.    So both can we have an inspections regime different than any place any time? Is that the only one that you would recommend that could be successful or--and who would do these determinations with respect to violations?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you. I thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.