    Mr. Pitts. Good morning. I ask that all of our guests today please take their seats. The subcommittee will come to order. The chair will recognize himself for an opening statement.    Genetically modified organisms, or GMOs, is a term that refers to ingredients sourced from crops that have been genetically engineered to express certain traits or characteristics.    There are real sensitivities around these issues and all issues regarding the food we eat and feed our children and grandchildren. It is our job, as policymakers, particularly as it relates to the public health, to establish a factually and scientifically sound foundation prior to taking any action that would impact consumers and our economy.    This hearing provides a great opportunity to put rhetoric aside and do just that. Genetic engineering in agriculture has occurred for centuries. Ingredients from genetically engineered plants have been a part of the U.S. Food supply for decades.    In fact, as much as 90 percent of our corn, sugar beet, and soybean crops are now genetically engineered and more than 70 percent of processed foods contain ingredients derived from such crops.    The Food and Drug Administration oversees the safety of all food products from plant sources, including those from genetically engineered crops. These products must meet the same safety requirements as foods from traditionally-bred crops. The FDA currently has a consultation in place which developers of the underlying technologies address any outstanding safety or other regulatory issues with the agency prior to marketing their products.    FDA has completed approximately 100 of such consultations. No products have gone to market until FDA's safety-related questions have been resolved. FDA officials have repeatedly stated that the agency has no basis for concluding that bioengineered foods are different from other foods in any meaningful way, and the World Health Organization has confirmed that ``No effects on human health have been shown as a result of consumption of such foods.'' In fact, they can grow faster, resist diseases and drought, cost less, and prove more nutritious. Nonetheless, there have recently been a number of State initiatives calling for the mandatory labeling of food products that contain GMOs.    We will hear today from a number of witnesses who can speak to such actions and the impact they would have. I am concerned that a patchwork of State labeling schemes would be impractical and unworkable. Such a system would create confusion among consumers and result in higher prices and fewer options.    Finally, I want to commend Representative Mike Pompeo and Representative Butterfield for their leadership on these issues and look forward to learning more about their continued efforts to work in a bipartisan manner on H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015. All these efforts will continue as the legislative process moves forward. I am encouraged that the revised language circulated in advance of this hearing has been informed by conversations between the sponsors, the committees of jurisdiction, the implementing agencies, and the impact of stakeholders.    I would like to welcome all of our witnesses for being here today. I look forward to your testimony. And I yield the balance of my time to distinguished vice chairman of the full committee, Representative Blackburn of Tennessee.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlelady.    Now I recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Green for 5 minutes.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair recognizes the chair of the full committee, Mr. Upton, 5 minutes for opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Now I recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes for opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    That concludes the opening statements of the members. As usual, all written opening statements of the members will be made a part of the record.    We have one panel today. I will introduce them in order of their presentations. First, Mr. Rick Blasgen, president and chief executive officer of the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals; secondly, Mr. Todd Daloz, assistant attorney general, Office of Vermont Attorney General; thirdly, Mr. John Reifsteck, chairman of the board and president of GROWMARK, Inc.; then Greg Jaffe, Biotechnology Project director, Center for Science in the Public Interest; and, finally, Mr. Val Giddings, senior fellow, Information Technology & Innovation Foundation.    Thank you, all, for coming. Your written testimony will be made part of the record. You will each be recognized for 5 minutes to summarize your testimony.    You have a series of lights on the table; green, yellow will go on with one minute left, red, we will ask that you please wrap up. And if you want to take less than 5 minutes, that is OK. We are going to have to run a tight gavel this morning.    So, Mr. Blasgen, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your summary.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    I recognize Mr. Daloz for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you.    Mr. Reifsteck, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your summary.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Now I recognize Mr. Jaffe, 5 minutes for your summary.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman. Right on time.    The members are voting on the floor. We still have 12 minutes. So we are going to continue the witnesses' testimony and some questions before we recess to go to the floor to vote, and then we will come back.    Mr. Giddings, you are recognized 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman. The chair advise the members, there is still 7 minutes left to vote, but some 382 members have not yet voted.    So I will begin questioning and recognize myself 5 minutes for that purpose.    My first question is for each of you. Today's hearing is not the first hearing this subcommittee has held on this topic. Previously, the FDA has stated that their current consultation process has provided appropriate oversight of new foods derived from genetically engineered plants. FDA testified before this subcommittee last December that the consultation process is working well and provides for rigorous food safety evaluation of such foods. I would like to ask each of our witnesses, do you agree with the agency's assessment? Yes or no?    Mr. Blasgen?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Daloz?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Reifsteck?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Jaffe?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Giddings.    Mr. Pitts. All right, thank you.    FDA also testified in December that there have not been any material differences identified between genetically engineered ingredients and those derived from traditionally-bred crops. Again, would each of you please answer, yes or no. Do you have any evidence to the contrary?    Mr. Blasgen?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Daloz?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Reifsteck?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Jaffe?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Giddings.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you.    Finally, FDA testified that there is scientific consensus about the validity of the research and science behind the safety of foods derived from genetically engineered plant varieties. Do any of you disagree with that?    Do you disagree, Mr. Blasgen?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Daloz?    Mr. Pitts. I am sorry. I couldn't hear what you said.    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Reifsteck?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Jaffe?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Giddings?    Mr. Pitts. All right. Mr. Giddings, can you explain what additional testing the Department of Agriculture conducts on new plant varieties used in food before they are commercialized?    Mr. Pitts. All right.    Mr. Giddings, or any of you, I have heard from a number of constituents who insist, despite this evidence to the contrary, that GMOs are dangerous to their health and are harming the environment. Why has this sentiment recently proliferated? Who would like to speak to that? Mr. Giddings?    Mr. Pitts. My time has expired.    We still have a minute and a half to vote. But 288 members haven't voted yet, so the chair recognizes Ranking Member Green for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Time has expired on the floor vote, so we will come back as soon as we vote. There are two votes.    And the committee stands in recess for the floor vote.    Mr. Pitts. The time of the recess having expired, we will continue with the questions.    And, at this point, the chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Whitfield, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Reifsteck, do you want to respond?    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the gentlelady from California, Mrs. Capps, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlelady and now recognizes the gentleman from Indiana, Dr. Bucshon, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman, Mr. Butterfield, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Collins, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    We are voting on the floor. It just started, so we have 14 minutes left. We will go for a while. Then we will have to recess and come back if there are still questions that haven't been asked.    So, at this point, the chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon, Mr. Schrader, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Thanks to the gentleman.    And I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Griffith, for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Pitts. I now recognize Mr. Sarbanes for 5 minutes.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    We are voting on the floor. We have 2-plus minutes left.    The chair recognizes the gentlelady from Indiana, Mrs. Brooks.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    That concludes the questions of the members who are present. We will have questions in writing that we will submit to you. We ask that you please respond.    I remind members they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record. And that means they should submit their questions by the close of business on Thursday, July 2.    Very good hearing. Very important hearing.    Thank you for your testimony and your expertise.    Without objection, the subcommittee hearing is adjourned.