    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you Chairman Marino. Of all the issues that we examine here in Congress perhaps none is more personal than that of health care. Americans literally trust our health care professionals with our lives. And pharmacists are an essential part of that health care, particularly in the communities in northern and east Texas that I represent. Because in many of those towns there are big chain drugstores, but most of the towns in the district that I represent depend on local community pharmacies that have been there for decades. And as the health care landscape evolves and becomes frankly increasingly complicated I want to make sure that we protect the pillars of the community in those types of towns in my district.    So Ms. Bricker, let me ask you a question. It is my understanding that your company may not update their reimbursement rate often enough to keep up with fluctuations in the marketplace. That concerns me because if a certain generic drug price drops rapidly and if that drop isn't updated quickly it would seem to me that Medicare could be paying more for a generic drug than it should. Is that a legitimate concern?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, I get that it is compliant. And every 7 days is good but is it a legitimate concern in the 7 day period that that type of price fluctuation can occur so that Medicare is paying more for a drug than it should?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. So I understand the cost of generic drugs has really skyrocketed in the last couple of years now. How often do you update your MAC list, those reimbursement lists?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Seven days okay.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. So, are pharmacists able to see in real-time what they are disbursing on a generic drug is, or are there fees being charged to pharmacies after the point of sale?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay thank you. Ms. Pons, the same question about the MAC list, how often are you updating them?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Thank you. So Mr. Arthur, we are frequently told that PBM contracting terms are unfavorable to many of the independent pharmacy owners out there, however the PBM industry claims that those issues really shouldn't be resolved by legislative bodies, but instead should be left to the contracting parties. I guess my question to you is if the terms contained in PBM contracts are egregious, why don't pharmacies simply refuse to accept the proposed terms and conditions or come together to negotiate more acceptable contract terms?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you.    I see my time has expired. I yield back.