    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Admiral and Mr. Roth, for being here. I appreciate it very much.    Admiral, let me ask you. Would you agree that having expert and standardized training for TSA screeners like we have at FLETC, the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center in Glencoe, Georgia, that that is very important to make sure that we have personnel that is fully prepared to keep our airports safe?    Mr. Carter. I bring that up because the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center in Glencoe, I know you have been there ----    Mr. Carter. When you talk about employees not showing up on a holiday and having a shortage during the busiest travel time, that is a management problem. So I just want to make sure that we understand that there is a difference here, that they are being trained well.    FLETC is a great facility. It is used by over 94 different agencies. So training is not the problem. The problem here is a management problem and a performance problem.    Mr. Carter. Absolutely.    Mr. Carter. Good.    Mr. Carter. Well, I just want to make sure we differentiate between the training portion of it and the management ----    Mr. Carter. Okay. Well, let me pivot for just a second and talk about something else, a different subject. A couple of weeks ago we had some employees of TSA here who had testified before us, and you are familiar with that, and they talked about the involuntary directed reassignments. Some of these that we had to testify before us had gotten excellent marks and in fact had gotten awards in being recognized for their outstanding performance, their job performance. And yet, they were reassigned against their will.    And the thing that concerns me is not just, you know, the upheaval of having to move somewhere else for these people. Obviously, that is a very trying time for families and for employees, but the cost in it. What we were told is that their relocation costs were well over $100,000. Is this really happening?    Mr. Carter. And I think they understand it, but ----    Mr. Carter. Good. So we can take your word that it is over with?    Mr. Carter. Okay. Well, thank you. I appreciate that. And again, thank you for your dedication to FLETC because--and again, Mr. Chairman, I am going to try to get that together, but I want everyone to understand what a great facility this is. This is an example of the Federal Government working.    Mr. Carter. Thank you, and I yield back.