    Mr. Amodei. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Hey, Mr. Director. How are you doing?    Mr. Amodei. You, too.    To the extent the chairman is going to manage my time, I am going to endeavor to manage yours, although I would appreciate the opportunity to get together afterward so we can have some in-depth discussions.    Most of my questions concentrate on, as we went through this sagebrush process in Nevada and the Governor established the sagebrush steppe ecosystem council, and they produced a plan and report, which essentially in the final EIS adopted by BLM was rejected--those are my words nobody else's.    One of the things that was included in that final EIS was obviously the Sagebrush Focal Areas, which was not in the Nevada plan. Just so it is clear for people, why the heck is he asking these questions, I want to have an understanding of the basis of the establishment of those focal areas in Nevada. No offense to the other States they are in, but quite frankly, that is not in my wheelhouse, so I do not want to speak for them, or anything else.    Your office answered some questions for me earlier that was pretty strong on the policy, but I am concerned with the process, the mechanics. There were some statements made that, basically, we asked Forest Service, where did you get the boundaries that you included? And they said from Fish and Wildlife.    We asked Director Kornze in his hearing in here earlier, where did you get the boundaries? From Fish and Wildlife. Okay.    And I am looking at your stuff, and I am seeing this stuff where there are references to literature and there are references to other things. I am sitting here going, okay, I guess maybe what literature and stuff like that?    But before we get to that, I want to ask you, what is your opinion of the Nevada Department of Wildlife? Do they do good work? Are they credible? Are they not credible? Do you guys think they are an authority on Sage hen in Nevada?    Mr. Amodei. I agree.    And I guess when I look at some of these answers, and I see in the COT report, which your folks refer to: Conservation objectives must be developed and implemented at the State and local level with involvement of all stakeholders.    And I also have talked to NDOW and nobody talked to NDOW about that Sagebrush Focal Areas map.    Then I talked to NDOW, and NDOW tells me that they have produced a best of the best sage hen habitat in Nevada, and that it does not bear much resemblance to the area that is in Nevada.    And so I am sitting here going, we are going to talk to local folks. NDOW does a good job. I agree with you. And this is not for purposes of saying, so what the heck?    Remember, the purpose here is how did we get those boundaries in that area of Nevada.    So when I look in your report, and I see: It is important to note that BLM and Forest Service, not Fish and Wildlife, designated the SFAs and codified them in the final conservation plans. We defer to BLM and Forest Service regarding the technical products and processes.    I have to tell you, I have the impression recently from contact from both those agencies that they got those boundaries from Fish and Wildlife. So I am not going to open Judge Judy or anything like that, but it is like, well, you made some recommendations. I assume they had lines on a map. Where did the lines come from?    Mr. Amodei. Well, let me stop you, because Fish and Wildlife said that they were not consulted. So maybe we need to get them in the same room.    Mr. Amodei. This is just Nevada.    Mr. Amodei. So let me focus you, because my clock is ticking. How did Fish and Wildlife Service draw those lines?    Mr. Amodei. In your opinion, that was the best in Nevada.    Mr. Amodei. Okay. If NDOW has a different opinion on where the best of the best is, they have a different opinion.    Mr. Amodei. Do you think BLM accepted what you mapped, or do you think that they modified it?    Mr. Amodei. What is the basis for that belief?    Mr. Amodei. Define people for me. What people? Was NDOW somebody who asked to modify them?    Mr. Amodei. So the answer to my question is, NDOW asked you to modify the boundaries of the SFAs.    Mr. Amodei. So they asked BLM. Do you know if BLM modified them?    Mr. Amodei. Did they ask you before they modified them?    Mr. Amodei. And is it true that BLM's statement that we were told that if we did not have these, it would be listed, is that input that you gave to the bureau in terms of focal area establishment?    Mr. Amodei. Final one for this round, Mr. Chairman, if I may.    Did you do an analysis for Nevada and said, okay, this is our sagebrush focal area. It is 3-ish million acres, an analysis between what was considered priority habitat, what was considered non-habitat, or was it just basically we want this area and we are not sure if we have included stuff that had not hereto been habitat in there? Was there an analysis done by Fish and Wildlife before putting out this additional conservation method?    Mr. Amodei. So the answer to my question is, there does not exist an acreage breakout that adds up to 3 million in Nevada saying this is priority, this is the next step, this is the next step, and this is stuff that is not habitat at all.    Mr. Amodei. No, no, a listing that says, here you go, out of the 3 million acres, here is what it is comprised of, as far as habitat designation----    Mr. Amodei. Let me finish, please. Or being designated as non-habitat. Is there a listing like that in U.S. Fish and Wildlife records for the Nevada stronghold areas?    Mr. Amodei. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    First, I have to say I am shocked that your favorite topic was not sage hens. I was under the impression it was, but I will get over that. Thank you.    Hey, Dan, I think in an effort to kind of keep this brief, I appreciate your offer to meet, and I would like to do that, and I would like to shorten some of this up to just some information maybe we can get before we have our meeting. You referred to a BLM request for additional conservation measures. We would like a copy of that, if it was a memo or whatever, if it was verbal. I am not suggesting there should or should not be these documents. I am just saying, if you got one, give it to us. If you do not, then say, hey, it was not formally written.    You have referred to conservation community and NGOs as providing information in support of the decision to do the focal areas. I would just like a list of who that was and the NGOs, if you have it. If you say, I cannot generate that, then that is fine. But if it exists, great.    You have referred a lot of times to scientific literature in terms of the support for that. Citations to what that literature was would be good. We do not want to make you make the copies or anything else like that, I know you have other stuff to do, but what you relied upon.    Also, you referenced NDOW and that this has been a 10-year process on that. Any record of communications you have with NDOW on the focal areas before your October 14 memo, I would appreciate seeing what that is, because part of the claim is, hey, this is not a secret. We have been out there collaborating with people on it for a long time. Although I will tell you, I find it interesting that BLM's draft EIS did not include this.    Mr. Amodei. Okay, so then the NDOW discussions were after the October thing. Okay, that is fair enough. You just need to let whoever wrote the answer to request from our office, let us know. They need to tune that part of it up because it represents something different.    At least I did not ask if you reviewed it and it is your work, so I am easygoing in that respect.    And then also, I would like to know if you guys contracted out any of the stuff with regard to focal areas in terms of the policy, because you are very good on the policy, and also the mapping. If there were any contracts to produce mapping or to produce the policy or mapping, then we just kind of would like to know what those were.    And then, I guess that goes to the question of was this generated in-house or was it contracted for in house. I am still trying to get that.    Mr. Amodei. Yes, here is my concern, because I did not get a chance to talk to you. My concern is that this is a key area. Stillwater National Wildlife Refuge is a neat thing for where it is in Nevada.    Their neighbors that they did a boundary line adjustment with, or started one with, are good neighbors, one of the oldest Stillwater farms, Canvasback Gun Club, perfect profile--no offense to those of you who live in an urban area. We might be sitting in one right now. Great conservation folks, do not use the resource much, love ducks, probably have duck wallpaper in their bathrooms at home and all that other good stuff that is all good.    But this is a situation that I think somebody probably needs to go to charm school, because a fence was built, from the information I have heard, before a boundary line adjustment was approved that had taken a lot of years. It was almost as a show of power, allegedly, by the refuge manager.    So now what you have is you have, because you are real estate folks doing their job, have finished that up finally, and now the fence that is brand-new has to be torn down and rebuilt. Not that that is a ton of money, but it is a heck of a lot of money in the context of running a refuge like that.    So if it was one of those things where it is like, ``I am just going to show them,'' and now we have ended up spending almost 100,000 bucks again to rebuild the same section of new fence where it really should be, that is just something that bothers me in terms of going forward in the context of that refuge's relationship with what has been over probably 100 years a very good relationship.    So I normally would not get into that level, but it bothers me, so I appreciate, if your head refuge person is available, or something like that, I just kind of want to know that if somebody needs to go to charm school, I will be happy to drive them.    Mr. Amodei. I will drive you, too.    Anyhow, with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you.    Mr. Amodei. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thanks, Mr. Director. Hey, I want to talk with you about quagga mussels and zebra mussels for a minute, Lake Powell, Lake Mead.    In the omnibus last year, which was signed I think about the middle of December, NPS was asked to give a report on what you guys are planning on doing with regarding other water bodies in the West becoming infected with vessels leaving those two. I think the report is due here pretty quick. Is it out already? Have I missed that?    Mr. Amodei. So you expect it to be kind of out in the time frame of the 90 days? We gave you a couple million bucks to do that.    Mr. Amodei. Okay. So my last question on that is, can you let us know when it is out? I assume we do not have to go to the SCIF to see it, so we can come over and pick one up.    Mr. Amodei. Okay, great. One last question.    I need to know who handles acquisitions or reconnaissance studies, since we were talking about acquisitions and expanding the system and that sort of stuff, because I have been approached by somebody in western Nevada. And I do not know whether it works or not, but we want to kind of hook up with whoever handles that for NPS.    What do you do to see whether this is something that is a potential fit? Small footprint thing, but anyhow. So if you get that information to my office, just to say, here is who you should talk to in my outfit in terms of a potential acquisition in western Nevada that is not thousands of acres or hundreds of acres, stuff like that.    Mr. Amodei. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Amodei. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, we have never met before, and I do not come from ``Indian Country,'' but we have got a significant population. We have got reservations. We have got tribes. I come from the part of Nevada where we say if you have only been to Las Vegas, you have not been to Nevada, so north of there.    And I got to tell you, I am going to give you a compilation of emails that the person on my D.C. staff has compiled over a period of 5 months trying to get two basic administerial questions answered on behalf of two tribes in my district that deal with detention. I am also going to give you the first couple of pages of my memo. I can just sum it up with in summary; over 5 months, the BIA has only been able to answer one-half of one question that two tribes in Nevada have been asking. This is only one of many examples of times where our office has had to advocate on behalf of our tribes when it is the job of the BIA. We have been trying to resolve these issues for one of the pending calls for 2 years, and the tribes have been trying far longer    The BIA mission statement is to enhance the quality of life, to promote economic opportunity, and carry out the responsibility to protect and improve the trust assets of American Indians, Indian tribes, and Alaska Natives. But when push comes to shove, the most basic administerial functions of ensuring that tribes are helped when they have questions or concerns, the BIA has dragged their feet and allowed a congressional office to be more of an advocate.    And I know you are new, and I want to let you know that I think the Agency head in western Nevada is a bright light. But we are sitting here, basic questions where you are going to get a quarter inch of paper where it was just saying, hey, we need to set up a conference call, get everybody on the same line, please. And it astounds me more to think when the majority of your workforce is Native Americans, it is like, come on, folks, we are doing this to ourselves.    I have got contacts from multiple tribes in Nevada about real estate operations, people who had paid their homes off years prior. And I am not talking 2 or 3. I am talking 6 or 7. Well, ``it has always been a problem.'' Really? If anybody else in the title business would take 6 or 7 to convey property after it is paid off?    And so, I know the standard answers are, you know, it is Santa Fe, it is Phoenix, it is whatever the title plan is. It is like these are basic administerial functions. This is not we got to get a ruling from somebody, or this, that, or the other. This is they paid it off, convey it to them. And I got to tell you, maybe it is my fault. I am not doing a good enough job. But we keep knocking our head against this, and I will just say there is this culture that I have experienced at least for these small little dots on the map of indifference.    And so, I guess my question is, and, you know, honestly, well, tell me about the culture at BIA. You are like, well, okay, that will be a nice thing to talk about after that lead in. I guess what my request is, I would like if possible to have somebody on your staff to meet with directly and go, here it is, guys, girls, men, women. Here it is. Here is what we think the problem is. Can we do something about this where these folks can have some level of service, or tell me where I have screwed it up or something like that, because as you can probably tell, even though we have not met, I am pretty frustrated. But we are not really going to work that out here.    I would like somebody on your staff to work about responsiveness generally and about that realty problem because this is not Indian County. I mean, it is not like, hey, we got thousands of conveyances in northern Nevada. We need to get that stuff wrapped up. Can I please have that person? Can you designate that person?    Mr. Amodei. Agreed.    Mr. Amodei. I appreciate it. And, Mr. Black, here is kind of where we are starting, so thank you guys. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.