    Mr. Latta. Well, thanks, Mr. Chairman. And I would also like to echo I think this is a great panel today and really appreciate you all being here. I am kind of an expert, my wife and I in the last 6 weeks just bought a washer and dryer, and the refrigerator is next.    But in northwest Ohio we do make HVAC, we make dishwashers, we make dryers, we make washing machines, we also make waffle irons, we make large mixers and we also have a large freezer plant right in northwest central Ohio. So we have a lot of things going on, and it is very important to our economy.    But, Mr. McGuire, if I could start with you: You have been particularly critical of the proposed standards for dishwashers. Can you explain what is wrong with the standard in terms of substance of the proposed rule as well as the process by which it has come about?    Mr. Latta. Let me interrupt. Now why didn't you get to be part of that?    Mr. Latta. Now just out of curiosity, when you were doing this testing, when you were going from five gallons to three gallons, how much did that cost the industry? And what did that cost the consumer in the end run then?    Mr. Latta. So when you were doing the testing, when it was going from the five gallons down to the three gallons, you said, and I was just curious is there a cost to the industry that you had to do----    Mr. Latta . And then what was overall--I assume it would go back to the consumer?    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    Mr. Yurek, I am concerned about the economic effects that the administration's aggressive regulatory agenda has.    It is my understanding that DOE is implementing rules that set new standards for individual components and your members residential consumer products such as the new standard for the efficiency of furnace fans. How does regulating a specific component in a large heating or cooling system add to the cost of a furnace or air conditioning system?    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. My time has expired, I yield back.