    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it, and thank our panel for being with us here this morning as well.    Director Miles, one of the concerns that you raise on page 17 of your testimony regarding the trial type hearing and the provisions under the discussion drafts to move all of these to FERC administrative law judges has to do with administrative costs, but isn't it true that FERC recovers all of its administrative costs for the hydro program from licensees under annual charges required by the Federal Power Act?    Ms. Miles. Yes, that is true.    Mr. Johnson. OK. All right. And, Director Miles, I represent eastern and southeastern Ohio which, as you well know, we have been blessed with the Utica and Marcellus Shale in that part of the state, which hold an abundance of natural gas reserves. One concern that I hear routinely from the folks who are employing my constituents to produce this resource, and recover this resource, is that if we don't have adequate pipeline to get the natural gas to the market, these jobs are very much in jeopardy.    In your testimony, you note that the draft pipeline reform legislation has unintended consequences that could slow down the process. So my question to you--things like moving some activities to later in the process. So my question to you is, would you be in favor of moving those things closer up so that they can be expedited?    Ms. Miles. I would like to look at what that would look like, and have the opportunity to comment on it.    Mr. Johnson. OK, and are there other changes that you think the committee could make to the legislation to speed up the process so that the permitting can get done quicker, and we can make sure we save these jobs for those hard-working people?    Ms. Miles. I don't have anything else to suggest right now. I do have some concern that we want to maintain some ability for flexibility, and not get too strict so that we can't work a little differently with projects that are smaller and may go even quicker than this.    Mr. Johnson. Yes.    Ms. Miles. So, you know, if you do too much on the outside end to try--we want to make sure we are not messing up the ones that are moving through really quickly, so----    Mr. Johnson. Sure. Well, you may have heard recently in our region of the state, our region of the nation, the Appalachia region of the nation, that, as many times often at the back of everybody's mind in Washington, D.C., we have had it announced that a projected cracker plant coming into eastern Ohio. Thousands and thousands of construction jobs, and thousand permanent jobs, multibillion dollar, 5-year project. It is a game changer when you are talking about manufacturing coming back to our region and those kinds of things. So the pipeline, to get that gas to these processing plants, and then to send that raw material to manufacturers, it is critically important to the economic viability of our region. So I appreciate that you would consider those things.    Let me ask you one other. Your testimony states that since the EPA Act of 2005, the commission has been able to act on 92 percent of natural gas project applications in less than 1 year after the application is filed. What do you mean by act? How many of these actually received all of the required federal authorizations, and how long did that take?    Ms. Miles. What I mean by act is that the commission has acted.    Mr. Johnson. But have they approved them----    Ms. Miles. Many----    Mr. Johnson . Have they gotten all the way through the process?    Ms. Miles. They have completed the process at the commission. Some orders that are issued may require an authorization from another federal agency. Those usually come through fairly timely.    Mr. Johnson. But you have done your part of it----    Ms. Miles. We did our part, yes.    Mr. Johnson. OK.    Ms. Miles . The company needs to apply.    Mr. Johnson. Thanks for that clarification, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.