    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Ms. Wormuth, and, General Austin, particularly for your service to this country.    You know, when I hear--when we talk about Iran and Iran's troops or advisors or whatever they are calling them assisting Iraq, what I worry is that the sectarian violence that Iran really does push. And in 2011, you know, when Maliki was beholding to Iran and Hezbollah actually attacked our troops with an IRAM , Iranian warhead and killed five of our 1st Infantry Division kids the night that I was in Iraq, the night that my son was with the 1st Infantry Division.    So I wonder how this is going to play out if we allow Iran to have that kind of play today if, in fact, we do have to use some special forces or something other than a brigade-sized team to assist the Iraqis? How is that going to play out, particularly with Iran's past performance in supporting terrorism across the world but particularly Hezbollah and particularly killing American troops just, you know, 4 years ago?    General Austin. Sir, I certainly share your concern with the possibility of increasing sectarian activity as we go forward. And this is something that we continue to emphasize, again, with the Government of--to the Government of Iraq that, you know, they must be mindful of this. They must control the activities of Shia militia. They must guard against any kind of atrocities going forward of those elements. And they have to be, most importantly, inclusive of the Sunnis and the Kurds. And I think that is the biggest piece in this equation. And when that is done, I think you see the Sunnis coming into the government a bit more and balancing things out.    So I--you know, I was in Iraq. I was a commander of Iraq when that IRAM attack occurred. I was the first senior officer on the scene there to--you know, after that attack and worked with Colonel Gainey who was then Lieutenant Colonel Gainey. Now he is 0-6 Gainey. But some tremendous 1st Division soldiers there, great--great courage and great discipline.    But clearly I share your concern. We are going to do everything we can to encourage the Iraqi Government to stay focused on this, to be inclusive of the Sunnis and the Kurds. And I think, if they do that, I think this comes out in a better place.    Mr. Nugent. Let me ask you this: Are we in a position within Iraq to have a good handle on regards to what the Iranian forces are doing in regards to the Shias within the country? Do we have a good handle on that or is that kind of we don't know for sure?    General Austin. Sir, we do not coordinate with the Iranians or--you know, I mean, there is no communication between us and them.    Mr. Nugent. Well I understand.    General Austin. So absolute knowledge of what their intent is--is not always there. But, clearly, we have very good intelligence services and we have good overhead imagery and those types of things. So, you know, the activity in Tikrit was no surprise. You know, I saw this coming many days leading up to this. It is a logical progression of what they have been doing in the east of the country, but we don't coordinate with them.    Mr. Nugent. I appreciate that.    And lastly a question on the AUMF. I think that, you know, you hear--I mean, there is a lot of discussion obviously. But--and we are worried about strategy. Strategy really needs to be larger than just ISIS. I mean, it really is. And I know the President doesn't want to go there, but it is radical extremism in Islam across the globe that is affecting us and our friends across the globe. And so I am worried, with AUMF, if it is just--and ISIS, does that really--is that really the strategy? I mean that is part of the strategy, but is that really where we need to be? Because you see it firsthand across the globe. And I know that all the combatant commands talk about it, I am sure.    Mr. Nugent. Okay.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Sorry I ran out of time.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. O'Rourke.