    Mr. Brady. Thank you, Madam Chair.    I am happy to be able to join you and my colleagues as we officially begin our work for the 114th Congress. I would like to welcome back my friends Ms. Lofgren, who, without question, is the smartest lady that I know. Just ask her a question on any aspect of the law and she can let you know right away whether we are on the right track or the wrong track.    Mr. Vargas, again, thank you for coming back. You have got a great background in education. It is my pleasure--any time I can, I will let you do a bill for me. You know, you do a great job. If you keep doing such a good job, I might get you a bigger car. We have to get you a truck or something. But I appreciate you coming back and serving.    To as well my friends on the other side of the aisle, including our new additions, Mr. Davis from Illinois and Ms. Comstock of Virginia, welcome.    This is a committee that serves all our Members. We have been doing that for as long as I have been on this committee. And we make sure that our Members get the right information at the right and proper time, and make sure--we ask them all the time to make sure that they do contact us before they get contacted by any other committee. We don't want to see that happen.    Our primary purpose is to serve Members and the institution; 95 percent of what we do as a committee is done on a bipartisan basis. I am very pleased that we have developed a strong working relationship that allows us to get things done. Our Democratic and Republican staffs work extremely well together, as we saw in their ability to organize and execute last year's new Member orientation, which is a lot of work. They did a great job. And every new Member always comes up to me--and I am sure they come up to you--and said what a great job our staffs have done.    While some other committees boasted about their ability to work together on a bipartisan basis, our committee actually accomplished that goal. I would like to recommend that the Democratic Members support the four resolutions before us today. The committee rules, oversight plan, electronic repository resolution, and parking policies have been developed with our input. And I encourage their adoption.    Once again, welcome to the new Members.    Welcome you all back, the old Members.    And, Madam Chair, all our returning Members, I look forward to the important work of this committee, and needless to say that we work together for a simple reason, because you are a class lady and a pleasure to work with. And, from time to time, we do know our pay scales. And when it is over our head, we recognize that. You recognize that with me, and I certainly recognize that with you. We do have to disagree from time to time, but I have never seen any time we were disagreeable.    So thank you, thanks for returning, and thank you, again, for working with us.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman very, very much for his comments.    It has been a pleasure to work with you for the last Congress certainly. As you say, sometimes we don't agree on every issue, but certainly this committee for the very most part is a very bipartisan committee, and we are united really in a common goal of service to our Members.    I also appreciate what you said about the staff.    Representative Comstock can tell us firsthand about the new Members orientation and the staff work that happened on this committee, both our staff on our side, and Kyle sitting behind you; and everybody that works for him. Really, I think that was one of the more effective new Members orientations that we have had--at least I heard that from a number of folks. I can remember laying awake at night thinking, Oh, my gosh, I wonder if we forgot to tell them this. But then I thought, How would they know? They are brand new. They wouldn't know if we forgot. But I think we covered everything as well as we could. But we can always improve. So we look forward to some comments on that.    Is there any other Member that would like to make any comments before we go to the resolutions? Okay.    The first item on the agenda is the consideration of the Committee Resolution 114-1, which is the proposed committee rules for the 114th Congress. I now call before the committee Committee Resolution 114-1, the committee rules.    Without objection, the first reading of the resolution is dispensed with, and the resolution is considered read and open for amendment at any point.    Mr. Brady. No.    The Chairman. Okay.    Any other comment?    Any amendment?    If not, then I move that the committee adopt the committee resolution.    The question is on the motion to adopt the resolution.    I ask all the Members who are in favor of the motion, signify by saying aye.    Any opposed?    If not, in the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it.    The ayes have it.    The motion is agreed to. Without objection, the motion to reconsider is laid upon the table.    The next item on the agenda is consideration of Committee Resolution 114-2, the committee oversight plan.    I now call before the committee Committee Resolution 114-2, the committee oversight plan.    Without objection, the first reading of the resolution is dispensed with, and the resolution is considered read and open for amendment at any other point.    Mr. Brady. No, thank you.    The Chairman. Any other comments?    If not and there is no further debate, then the question is on whether the committee will adopt the resolution.    All in favor of the amendment will signify by saying aye.    Opposed will say nay.    In the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it.    The ayes have it. The amendment is agreed to.    Now I move that the committee adopt the committee resolution, as amended. And the question is on the motion to adopt the resolution.    All in favor, signify by saying aye.    Opposed, say nay.    In the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it, and the motion is agreed to.    Without objection, the motion to reconsider is laid upon the table.    Third item on the agenda is the Committee Resolution 114-3, the parking policy for the 114th Congress. Pursuant to House rule X, clause 1, the Committee on House Administration has jurisdiction over the parking facilities used by Members, staff, and authorized personnel of the House of Representatives.    I call before committee Committee Resolution 114-3, the committee parking policy.    Without objection, the first reading of the resolution is dispensed with, and the resolution is considered read and open for amendment at any point.    Mr. Brady. No.    The Chairman. Hearing none, any other Member have a comment or amendment?    Then I move the committee adopt the committee resolution.    The question is on the motion to adopt the resolution.    All Members in favor, signify by saying aye.    All Members opposed will say nay.    In the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it.    The ayes have it. The motion is agreed to. Without objection, the motion to reconsider is laid upon the table.    This concludes all the matters before the committee. Again, I want to thank all of the Members for their participation this morning in this very expedient hearing that we had this morning.    I certainly look forward to working with each and every one of you as we go forward into the 114th Congress.