    Mr. Saari. Chairman, ranking member, committee members, thank you for the opportunity to appear today. I want to personally thank you for the invitation to share some thoughts and the commitment from a state regulator's perspective of the importance of safe and efficient----    Mr. Saari. I beg your pardon, sir. I want to thank you for the opportunity to be here today. When Henry Ford rolled his first car off the assembly line in 1913, it may have traveled on a roadway that already had natural gas pipeline buried beneath it. That Ford Model T is likely now in a museum, but there may be some of the city's original gas pipeline still intact and still in use. That car was probably taken out of service because of its reliability and safety. We have a responsibility to make sure that the pipeline meets up-to-date reliability in current safety standards or it, too, must be taken out of service or replaced.    The Michigan Public Service Commission joins with regulators nationwide to work on programs that ensure safe operations of the existing natural gas infrastructure on new projects with a top priority of protecting public health and safety in an environmentally-conscious manner. We join and collaborate with the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, PHMSA, the U.S. Department of Transportation, FERC, and other federal agencies to coordinate these programs between federal interstate pipeline jurisdiction and state intrastate regulation.    As I have highlighted in my submitted testimony, states rely upon a working partnership with PHMSA to develop and coordinate pipeline safety programs. This mutual effort requires sufficient federal funding needed to achieve the excellence we seek to administer one-call programs, complete timely inspections of new and existing natural gas lines, monitor and regulate gas storage facilities, and promote public education and awareness.    The Michigan Commission works with its local companies to regulate programs for gas main construction and replacement and gas storage field operations and safety upgrades, while finding the proper balance of what its rate payers can afford to pay.    Meeting the completion targets of replacement over 7,000 miles in Michigan of natural gas mains will require expenditures over the next decade in the hundreds of millions of dollars. Other states have similar financial challenges. Staying on track and on target to meet these goals will require increased financial support from PHMSA to the states.    Current law says that the states may be reimbursed up to 80 percent by the Federal Government. During the 4 years prior to 2014, states averaged only 73 percent reimbursement and needed to request suspensions to merely achieve that level of reimbursement. In 2014, the latest year money was reimbursed to the states, the base grant was about $42.2 million for gas and hazardous liquids. The state spent about $56.4 million on these pipeline safety programs. This meant states as a whole were reimbursed approximately 75 percent of what they spent.    In order to keep state programs where they currently are, we would respectfully request an authorization for appropriation and appropriation for the fiscal year 2016 of no less than $49.5 million for state base grants increasing by no less than 4 percent each fiscal year thereafter. We need to be fully authorized and funded to carry out our mission.    We all benefit from a sharing of information on best work practices, best regulatory approach, and best use of resources to meet these goals.    Thank you for the opportunity to tell you that Michigan joins with NARUC and all other state regulators to work collaboratively with government and various stakeholder groups to achieve a world class pipeline safety program. Thank you, sir.