    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Heidrick, in your written testimony you assert that ``private insurance industry lacks the capability to underwrite flood insurance on a pervasive basis to meet customer needs.'' Could you elaborate on how you and the Big ``I'' arrived at that assessment?    Mr. Rothfus. Are there reforms outside of the Ross-Murphy legislation that the committee should consider to remove barriers preventing the private sector from contributing to the flood insurance market?    Mr. Rothfus. Ms. Templeton-Jones, Biggert-Waters attempted to address the issue of those properties with multiple damage claims that have been a serious financial drain for the NFIP. Do you believe that FEMA and the NFIP have the tools necessary to address high-risk repetitive loss properties?    Mr. Rothfus. Beyond the targeted mitigation efforts, would there be other reforms that you might propose?    Mr. Rothfus. Mr. Woods, with the NFIP being $23 billion in debt, GAO has classified the program as high-risk, citing NFIP's artificially low rates which are insufficient to cover obligations and projected losses. I worry, and many of us on both sides of the aisle are deeply concerned, that another catastrophic event could push the NFIP's debt level above the $30 billion mark.    In your testimony, you write about the importance of ensuring that this taxpayer-backed program is financially stable so that it can continue to meet the needs of its participants. I think we can both agree that the current situation is unacceptable to the taxpayer. What are some ways that we can improve the financial sustainability of the NFIP and reduce taxpayer exposure to significant losses?    Mr. Rothfus. There remains a concern with affordability in my district in Western Pennsylvania. Mr. Ellis, you touched on affordability. Can you elaborate on some of your ideas on how NFIP can address this affordability issue?    Mr. Rothfus. Mr. Heidrick or Ms. Templeton-Jones, do you have any thoughts? I guess I am over my time. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.