    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Chairman Smith, and thank you for holding this joint subcommittee hearing on this important topic. And in fact this is the third hearing that Chairman Smith and I have held on the issue of human rights in Iran, and I am appreciative of your continued dedicated leadership on this issue.    I want to first start with some good news. We confirmed yesterday that Rozita Vaseghi was finally released last month after a 5-year sentence in prison in Iran. Rozita is a member of the persecuted Baha'i community that you have heard about from my colleagues. They are Iran's largest non-Muslim religious minority and I adopted her as a prisoner of conscience last year as part of the Tom Lanto Human Rights Commission's Defending Freedoms project.    And while I am relieved, all of us are, that Rozita has been released and will be able to get the health care that she needs after years of brutal mistreatment and solitary confinement, we know that her ordeal is not over. She has not been given any paperwork. Authorities have not told her whether she really might continue to serve a second 5-year term or even an arbitrary 2-year term. She fears that she could be thrown back in prison at any time, so we continue to pray for Rozita and for so many others as well.    Mr. Chairman, as you know the Iranian regime uses tactics like those that they used against Rozita every day to instill fear in the people of Iran. Iran's human rights practices are amongst the worst in the world. But in its desperation to secure a nuclear deal, the Obama administration has completely ignored the issue of human rights in Iran as well as many other concerns that we have with the Iranian regime.    And this serves as another example of the policy of the White House to look the other way on human rights violations as part of any negotiation, and that was evident in Cuba. The administration is hosting regime officials tomorrow after the Castro state security folks have arrested over 300 civil society activists in the last 3 weeks. In the last 3 weeks. And delegations have come and gone and folks say they are all in favor of human rights, but apparently not while there. Among them was Berta Soler who testified before your subcommittee, Mr. Chairman, 3 weeks ago. In these secret talks with Cuba, the administration showed its willingness to trade away the store for little concessions in return.    So the question becomes what will the administration trade next with the Iran nuclear deal? What will the administration give up in return for those American citizens who are being held in Tehran? The parallels between how the White House is negotiating in secret with Cuba and Iran at the same time--well, the parallels are striking.    What the administration has never understood or really has chosen to ignore is that Congress passed strong sanctions laws not just to stop Iran's nuclear program but also its ballistic missile program, its weapons program, its worldwide support for terror, its destabilization of the region, its abysmal human rights record. And as the author of many pieces of Iran related sanctions legislation, I can tell you that from the beginning the administration fought Congress tooth and nail to stop any sanctions at all.    And so it is of no surprise to anyone that the human rights issue is not even a part of the discussion when we talk about the nuclear deal. And now it appears increasingly likely that the administration will give away what little leverage we have and leave the ayatollahs free to continue to oppress the people of Iran, to continue jailing, torturing, and executing dissidents, prisoners of conscience, religious minorities, and ethnic minorities.    It is truly shameful to hear our own State Department talk about the importance of global human rights, talk about it when it does absolutely nothing and in fact is indirectly legitimizing the continued repression of the people of Iran.    The Obama administration after failing to support the Iranian people's right of self-determination during the 2009 Green Movement rushed to brand Rouhani as a moderate saying that human rights under this Ayatollah lackey would somehow improve.    But what we have seen, Mr. Chairman, is just the opposite. Human rights under Rouhani have actually gotten worse. There have been more crackdowns on free speech, more arrests, more jailings of journalists, more jailings of political prisoners, more persecution of women, the LGBT community, religious minorities, ethnic minorities, more executions.    According to the latest report of Human Rights Watch, the real number of executions in Iran last year is thought to be over 600 including eight who were under the age of 18. We still cannot confirm the execution last week of Saman Naseem, a 22-year-old ethnic Kurd who was 17 when he was arrested. Bloggers and social media users have also suffered under Rouhani with security forces cracking down sharply on any dissent, especially those considered to be leading members of the opposition.    Members of the Baha'i community like Rozita are especially targeted with 100 Baha'is currently in prison. Baha'i cemeteries are systematically destroyed, including last year's bulldozing of over 1,000 graves in one city in order to build a cultural and sports complex. And May 14th is the 7-year anniversary of the imprisonment of the Baha'i Seven, the former leadership group who have been serving 20-year sentences for advocating on behalf of their religious beliefs.    The regime hopes that we will move on, we will forget the people of Iran as the administration in the U.S. continues to negotiate solely on the nuclear program and there are at least four unjustly jailed Americans in Iranian prisons. And we've mentioned them here.    Saeed Abedini, a Christian pastor who has been in jail since 2012 has been tortured and beaten by prison guards and inmates. Marine veteran Amir Hakmati who has been held since 2011. His health is rapidly deteriorating. He is also beaten and tortured. Jason Rezaian, the Washington Post bureau chief arrested last year, still has not been charged but he is in solitary confinement and his health is declining. And of course the constituent of my good friend Ted Deutch, Bob Levinson, a south Florida resident who has been held captive by the Iranian regime since March 9, 2007, making him the longest held hostage in U.S. history. These four U.S. citizens are just a few of the millions who continue to suffer under the Iranian regime, and tragically that suffering is not part of the administration's calculus.    Human rights are an essential factor in long term stability, should be a key objective in our foreign policy strategy, not a simple resolution to pass but something to live up to every day both for those suffering under tyranny and for our own national security.    Mr. Chairman, we must not allow the human rights conditions in Iran to be ignored continually by this administration. Thank you, sir.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen . The subcommittee will come to order. We had a round of votes and Chairman Smith was called for an important meeting, but as soon as he gets done with that he will be back. But thank you for your excellent testimony, and I will begin the question and answer part. Thank you so much.    As I had said in my opening statement, despite the administration's lip service to the issue of human rights, they have been effectively ignoring human rights in our foreign policy discussion and implementation to the detriment of millions who are suffering under tyranny. As we know, actions speak louder than words and this administration has thrown human rights to the back burner, especially in places like my native homeland of Cuba and in Iran where the administration has been desperate to secure deals with these tyrannical regimes.    So I am sorry if I am not going to pronounce your names correctly, but I have a very difficult name as well and I don't get upset when people don't know how to say it.    Mr. Arya?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Arya. You testified that human rights have ``been overlooked by the international community in light of current negotiations between Iran and the P5+1.'' How has the human rights situation in Iran changed in these negotiations under Rouhani?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Well, I agree. And I see such similarities in my native homeland of Cuba when on December 17th the President announced we will have diplomatic relations with the Castro regime. And tomorrow another round of negotiations will take place in the State Department and the lead negotiator for that agreement is Josefina Vidal who was a spy for Cuba and was actually expelled by the United States because of her espionage activities, now she is in charge of the negotiations.    What signal does that tell the Castro regime? We can do whatever we want and everything is forgiven, and it sends a terrible signal to the human rights activists. That is why it comes as no surprise that since the President's announcement on December 17th, there has been a record number of arrests in Cuba. You would think that at the very least Raul Castro would tone this down while people are paying attention, but the sad fact is, as you pointed out, people are not paying attention.    And so if the United States does not lead the way, the international community will be silent. They will be silent in Cuba. They were silent in Venezuela. And they are silent in Iran. That is why the United States has such a pivotal role to play when it comes to talking about human rights and doing something about human rights. Because if not, it sends a message to Rouhani that he can do whatever he wants, keep executing people, keep jailing people for their religious beliefs, we will look the other way.    And that sends a chilling message to so many people living under this yoke of tyranny in Iran who want to be free, who want a different kind of government, but they think, well, obviously no one is paying attention, and the international community, they are so eager to have this nuclear deal that they are willing to look the other way as well.    What kind of support do you see for the issue of Iranian human rights internationally in human rights organizations, et cetera?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. That they were not forgotten.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. People cared about them.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. It is not an either/or.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And yet we give that message to the people with whom we are dealing whether it is Rouhani, whether it is Castro. They will say, well, we are just going to talk about diplomatic relations with Cuba, we will ignore human rights. We are just going to talk about a nuclear deal with Rouhani, we will ignore human rights. And that is a great boost to these regimes to keep harassing, intimidating and jailing opposition leaders because they have actually been given a green light to do so by our very own Government.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Mr. Sazegara?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. You were one of the founding members of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps before being imprisoned for your opposition to the regime. What can you tell us about the inner workings of the IRGC and the Iranian regime, its financing capabilities and the risk that the IRGC poses to U.S. interests and to our regional security interest?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. In Iran itself.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And what about the risks that they pose for our interests and regional concerns?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. To take away attention from their inner problems, have they focused on that?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. They don't have to worry about it.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. It will be off the table.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. We are fine.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And the opposition feels dispirited. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it.    Mr. Vance, the regime's treatment of Baha'is is getting worse under Rouhani, not better. Can you describe the treatment and the abuse of Baha'is under Rouhani and what does the persecution of the Baha'is in Iran mean for human rights in general? And what more can you tell me about the prisoner of conscience that I had adopted, Rozita Vaseghi, her health, her current situation, including the likelihood that Iranian authorities will try to imprison her again? Thank you, sir.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Oh, you should read the Cuban Constitution. It is a beauty. They don't follow one word of it, but it is beautiful.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Which was one of the objectives of the regime. Thank you very much. Excellent, excellent answers. We appreciate it.    Mr. Cicilline?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much.    Mr. DeSantis?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. DeSantis, for your deep interest in this important issue. Very good questions and excellent answers from our panelists.    Unfortunately our subcommittee chairman, Mr. Smith, has been unavoidably detained, so with that our joint subcommittee hearing is now adjourned. Thank you to all.