    Mr. Bean. Chairman Gohmert, Ranking Member Dingell, members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to testify today concerning the Department's policies and practices relating to mitigation and the recent Presidential Memorandum on that subject.    The Department is committed to facilitating responsible economic development, both on public lands and elsewhere, while protecting and conserving both natural and cultural resources. Effective mitigation practices are key to accomplishing those dual goals.    As my written statement describes in more detail, the Department and its constituent agencies--but particularly the Fish and Wildlife Service--have been given congressionally-directed mitigation responsibilities as far back as 1934 with enactment of the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act. This Act requires that wildlife conservation receive equal consideration with other features of water resource development programs.    The Fish and Wildlife Service issued a formal mitigation policy in 1981. The purpose of that policy was to guide the implementation of the services and mitigation responsibilities under the Coordination Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, and other laws. It remains in effect today.    As my written testimony also details, the experience gained by our sister agencies, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency, under section 404 of the Clean Water Act, has been very informative for the Department's ongoing efforts to improve its own mitigation policies. The mitigation rule published by those two agencies in 2008, in the Bush administration, dealt thoughtfully and constructively with a broad array of mitigation issues. It improved the transparency and predictability of mitigation decisions.    Based on the Department of the Interior's own mitigation experience, and that of its sister agencies, Interior Secretary Sally Jewel issued a secretarial order in the fall of 2013 on improving mitigation practices and policies of the Department. In that order, the Secretary directed the Department and each of its bureaus to follow a common set of principles for its mitigation decisions, and to use a landscape-scale approach to guide the siting of compensatory mitigation efforts.    Mr. Bean. OK, thank you.    The Department policy issued last fall is one of many steps to be completed in response to the Secretarial Order. That policy set forth a number of principles to guide mitigation decisions. Among them were the sequence of avoidance first, then minimization of impacts, and finally, compensation for unavoidable impacts should generally be followed. Another was that all mechanisms for compensatory mitigation should be held to the same standards. Yet another was that beneficial impacts of mitigation should endure at least as long as the impacts being mitigated.    Rather than break new ground, these and other principles represent best practices gained from decades of experience, and can be found in policy documents dating back to prior administrations.    Consistent with Secretarial Order 3330 and departmental policy, the Department's bureaus are revising their mitigation policies to ensure that they are responsive to emerging best practices and compatible with similar policies being developed by sister agencies and states. The departmental policy was issued contemporaneously with the issuance by the President of a Memorandum.    That Memorandum is consistent with and reinforces the mitigation work already ongoing at the Department, encourages private investment and restoration for mitigation purposes, and provides expanded mitigation options for development interests. The Memo was designed to ensure consistency and transparency as agencies across the Federal Government develop mitigation measures. The Department is committed to working collaboratively and sharing its experience in developing mitigation measures that provide certainty and predictability to project proponents.    The Department is continuing its work with partner agencies, including the Department of Agriculture, to share and adopt a common set of best practices to create a regulatory environment that allows us to build the economy while protecting healthy ecosystems.    In sum, Mr. Chairman, the dual goals of advancing safe and responsible development, while promoting the conservation of America's lands and natural resources for generations to come, can be furthered through intelligent mitigation policies. The Department is working to ensure mitigation is supplied consistently, predictably, and effectively, so that permit applicants and developers can proceed with projects that achieve their needs, while protecting our Nation's valuable natural and cultural resources.    Thank you for your interest. I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Bean. No, it will not. It will facilitate----    Mr. Bean. Sorry. The answer is no. It will facilitate projects going forward.    Mr. Bean. Yes. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Bean. It decreases those changes by minimizing and avoiding those impacts.    Mr. Bean. It should decrease that chance because, again, it avoids or minimizes adverse impacts that would otherwise contribute to endangerment.    Mr. Bean. The purpose and intended effect of this is to increase certainty, increase predictability, and increase transparency.    Mr. Bean. As I believe you indicated in your opening statement, it has been shown to decrease time and cost in the Clean Water Act context under the section 404 permits.    Mr. Bean. It decreases the chance and adheres to the polluter-pays principle.    Mr. Bean. Representative Dingell, I do not have the facts at my disposal for that question, but I would note one thing about that lesser prairie chicken conservation plan, which the state of Texas and four other states are party to. I would note that that plan incorporates many of the principles reflected in the President's Memorandum. It is a landscape-scale plan, by which I mean it encompasses the entirety of the range of the lesser prairie chicken across those five states, it provides a consistent transparent science-based methodology for determining mitigation requirements, mitigation is to be done in advance of impacts, mitigation is to be durable with those impacts, and it aims to achieve a net conservation gain in the form of an increased lesser prairie chicken population.    So, the states of Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Colorado, and New Mexico are using the very same principles that are reflected in the President's Memorandum in that particular example.    Mr. Bean. I don't know of any special definition. I would turn to a dictionary to answer that question.    Mr. Bean. Well, I think it is----    Mr. Bean. I will acknowledge that we may have a different view of harmful. I think the experience gained since 1981, when the Fish and Wildlife Service has had a mitigation policy in place----    Mr. Bean. Mr. Bean. There is no definition, per se.    Mr. Bean. In practice, there is a clear pattern and trend to show that that is the case only when there is a serious threat to the well-being of a species or its habitat.    Mr. Bean. The Fish and Wildlife Service is in a position, in some cases, of recommending to other agencies the mitigation that is appropriate, pursuant to the NEPA or Coordination Act process. In that case, the other agency----    Mr. Bean. I would not----    Mr. Bean . Characterize it that way, no.    Mr. Bean. You want the Forest Service to answer that?    Mr. Bean. Natural resource damages, I believe, refers to those damages caused by oil spills or chemical spills for which recovery by state and Federal trustees is permissible under law.    Mr. Bean. Yes, sir, it did. Each of those plans includes an appendix that deals with mitigation. Several of the states have been very progressive in developing mitigation programs of their own.    I would cite, in particular, Nevada, which has a very sophisticated and comprehensive mitigation program for sage grouse. Colorado, your state, is working on a so-called habitat exchange, which is a form of mitigation banking. And, Wyoming and Montana are working on similar programs. All of those were part of the many pieces of the puzzle that led the Fish and Wildlife Service to conclude that listing was not warranted, and that, in fact, the bird did not need the protection of the Endangered Species Act.    Mr. Bean. Well, I have referred several times already this afternoon to a 1981 policy of the Fish and Wildlife Service, a 35-year-old policy still in effect today. It uses the term ``irreplaceable resources.'' It has used that term for 35 years. The experience to date is if a resource is deemed to be irreplaceable, the Service recommends avoidance. Don't harm it.    There are relatively few resources that are of that character, but----    Mr. Bean . There are some.    Mr. Bean. The recommendation for the Fish and Wildlife Service would be to avoid impacts to an irreplaceable resource----    Mr. Bean. Well, actually, if we consult a dictionary----    Mr. Bean. Sir, we can determine what it is. To replace is to restore to a former place, position, or condition, or to supply an equivalent for. So, an irreplaceable resource is one that cannot be restored to a former place or position. That is a standard dictionary definition. When we use terms, we intend them to have the meaning normally ascribed in the dictionary. That is what it means.    Mr. Bean. Yes. I think the purpose of that is to clearly spell out that there are some circumstances in which, if the mitigation that the applicant is prepared to provide is insufficient, the option exists to deny the permit or deny the authorization request. The Service does not do that often, but it has the authority to do that, and has used that authority sparingly.    Mr. Bean. I would say it pre-exists what is in that departmental manual language that you read. Yes, sir.    Mr. Bean. The purpose of the departmental manual language was really to codify, to collate, to bring into one place, the principles, the policies, and the practices with respect to mitigation in the Department.    Mr. Bean. That would be fair to say, but one would have to be blind to the history of implementation over the last several decades in which permit denials have been exceedingly rare.    Mr. Bean. The Fish and Wildlife Service is currently working to revise its 1981 policy. It is also working to revise its 2003 policy on compensatory mitigation under the Endangered Species Act. And, it is also working to finalize proposed policy with respect to pre-listing mitigation credits for endangered species. In each of those cases, the Service will--in one case already has--put out for public comment its proposed revisions, or its proposed policies.    Mr. Bean. In developing these policy proposals that will be out for public review?    Mr. Bean. I am not aware of any outreach in particular to stakeholders for those policies. Those were internally generated proposals that now go through a public notice and comment process. We will hear from stakeholders.    Mr. Bean. We have already heard from stakeholders with respect to the pre-listing mitigation----    Mr. Bean. I referred to three policy proposals: one, a revision of the 1981 general mitigation policy; two----    Mr. Bean. For those three policies?    Mr. Bean. No. For those three policies, I am not aware of any.    Mr. Bean. No, I would not----    Mr. Bean. I would not say that. I would say----    Mr. Bean. No, I would not say that, sir.    Mr. Bean. What I would say is the Service would look to 35 years of experience of existing policy in determining what revisions are appropriate. It would look to the experience of the Corps of Engineers and EPA and their 2008 policy to learn what has worked well for them. So, all of that information----    Mr. Bean. Let me be clear about some frequently confused terminology. Mitigation refers to avoidance, minimization, and compensatory actions. It is not limited to just compensatory actions. So the standard hierarchy, if you will, is first avoid, to the extent practicable; then minimize to the extent practicable; and whatever remains is then to be compensated for with compensatory measures.    That is the reason that projects that initially have some substantial detrimental impacts upon the environment can be altered, can be sited differently, can be modified in various ways to reduce those impacts; and to the extent there are remaining negative impacts, those can then be offset. That is how mitigation works.    And it is the role of banking and other similar efforts to deal with that last step, that compensatory mitigation step.    Mr. Bean. The term ``irreplaceable'' is used in the 1981 Fish and Wildlife Service mitigation policy. It has been in use for 35 years. It is not in the statute, it is in the existing policy of 35 years----    Mr. Bean . Dating back----    Mr. Bean. As far as I know, the answer is no.    Mr. Bean. But there are other terms----    Mr. Bean. It is in the Federal Land Policy Management Act, yes, sir.    Mr. Bean. I think it is important--yes, it is in the statute.    Mr. Bean. No, I am afraid Congress used those words without defining them.    Mr. Bean. I don't know the answer to that question, sir.    Mr. Bean. My understanding is it could, depending upon the resource involved. For example, I mentioned the lesser prairie chicken. The landscape relevant to the conservation of that is primarily non-Federal property.    Mr. Bean. Yes, that is what this is about. And, in fact, to address that line of questioning that the Chairman was just pursuing a moment ago--this came about in large part because the Administration's perception that for large projects like transmission projects that cross multiple jurisdictions--across Forest Service land, across BLM land, across private land, across state boundaries--permitting time was too long, permitting complexity was too great; there was a need to address mitigation as a contributor to that permitting time and permitting complexity.    So, this Memorandum, I believe, grew out of a perception that we can do a better job permitting these large-scale projects that cross multiple jurisdictions by coordinating our response to mitigation by coordinating how we approach mitigation. I think you are absolutely right, and the Dry Lake example is a good example of the benefits from this approach to mitigation.    I would also point out with respect to the mitigation banks that you mentioned a moment ago, a good many of them in virtually every state are sponsored by and operated by state transportation departments. That is because they look ahead to their need to build out a road system in the decades coming. They anticipate that they will affect wetlands in building those roads, and they need to have mitigation in place so that when it comes time to build the roads, they can simply draw down on credits from a bank.    It has been a supremely effective way to put in place a mechanism of advance compensation that allows permit decisions and construction activities on highways to proceed quickly.