    Mr. Whittington. Mr. Chairman, just by chance, I just got back from 7 weeks in Singapore and had the privilege of seeing these facilities that Denis has just described. So everything he is saying is true here. I just was at the Lee Kuan Yew School.    Thank you very much for the invitation to speak today on the role of improved water and sanitation services and avoiding conflict and building economic prosperity. I would like to make three points in my testimony.    First, there is good news from the public health field. Thanks in part to the efforts of the United States and the international community, childhood mortality rates are declining in developing countries and the rate of decline is accelerating. And as we look ahead over the next few decades, economic growth should enable East Asia, Southeast Asia, Latin America to solve their water supply and sanitation problems and thankfully water-related mortality will be a thing of the past in these regions. The remaining challenges are going be to be in South Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa, but even here childhood diarrhea and mortality rates are falling rapidly.    However, the economic benefits from investments in water and sanitation infrastructure consist of both health and nonhealth outcomes, and Denis has just described some of the nonhealth outcomes in Singapore. There is a shift occurring in the relative magnitude of these two components with the health benefits declining and the nonhealth benefits, such as time savings, increasing.    The nonhealth related benefits of improved water services vary depending on location, but they can be surprisingly large and are often increasing. For example, in a recent study conducted in Kathmandu, Nepal, researchers at the Institute of Water Policy at the National University of Singapore found that from 2001 to 2014 the real cost after adjusting for inflation that households were incurring coping with water shortages and intermittent contaminated supplies actually doubled from $7 a month to $14 a month on average. These coping costs include the value of time spent collecting water from outside the home, investments in water storage, in-house water treatment, and expenditures to water vendors, all of which most Americans never experience.    Investments in improved water services that reduce or eliminate these coping costs free up a household's time, just as John just mentioned, and money for other priorities and increase economic growth. It is really hard for an urban economy to function efficiently if everyone is worried about getting home from work to meet a tanker truck in order to have sufficient water for a week.    I think that this shift from health to nonhealth benefits has important implications for donor assistance in the WASH sector. In places where coping costs are high, one can be confident that the economic benefits of improved water supplies will also be very high. But the coping costs are not high everywhere, and careful economic analysis of water and sanitation infrastructure projects is needed to ensure that assistance is targeted to communities where it will have the greatest economic impact. This will also go a large way to reducing conflict. The best way to avoid conflict is for a country to get on a high-growth development path.    My second point is that the world's population is becoming increasingly urbanized and the largest economic benefits of improved water and sanitation infrastructure usually will be in cities in developing countries. So if the objective is to promote economic growth, then it is important to prioritize investments in urban areas.    Large economic benefits can be obtained not only from infrastructure investment, but also from policy reforms. Utilities in cities in low- and middle-income countries almost always provide water and sanitation services to customers far below cost. They rely on subsidies from higher-level governments and donors to pay these subsidies. And recent research has shown that these subsidies are very poorly targeted. The majority don't reach poor households.    For my third point I want to shift from the economic benefits of water and sanitation investments to the relationship between water and conflict on international rivers. I know this subcommittee has heard from Paul Sullivan and his testimony on the implications of the Grand Renaissance Dam in Ethiopia. However, I have been studying and writing about the Nile for almost 40 years, and I would be happy to answer any further questions you have about the situation that is emerging on the Nile. I would like to just say a few last things and comments on that situation.    The construction of the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam started in 2011 on the Blue Nile near the Ethiopian-Sudanese border. It is now about 40 percent complete. When it is finished the Nile riparians and the global community will face a new situation in transboundary hydropolitics. There will be two very large dams, the Aswan High Dam and the GERD, with over-year storage capacity on the same river in different countries in a water-scarce basin, and there is presently no plan for coordinating the operation of those large storage facilities.    In my judgment, the Nile riparians need assistance from the international community immediately in reaching a fair, equitable agreement on the joint operation of the Aswan High Dam and the GERD based on best global practices. This is a matter of urgency. Ethiopia will likely begin filling the GERD in 2016, just next year.    So in summary, I have four recommendations. First, in order to promote economic growth, assistance in the water supply and sanitation sector should be focused on South Asia and Sub-Saharan African cities.    Second, if USAID wants water and sanitation investments with high economic returns, it should assist countries to do the economic analysis to identify where economic returns will be greatest. President Reagan's Executive Order 12291 required that all major regulations in the United States pass a cost-benefit test. Why not have USAID assistance to the water sector pass a similar test?    Third, the United States Agency for International Development's global water coordinator and the Department of State's special advisor for water resources should give high priority to the reform of municipal water pricing and tariffs in developing countries and to improve the targeting of available subsidies to poor households.    And finally, fourth, the United States Department of State should encourage international organizations such as the World Bank to reengage in the Nile mission. As I said, this is a matter of urgency for the international community.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Whittington. It is hard to do economic analysis of water projects because it is difficult to measure all of these benefits. At the same time, I think we have to try. I mean, the World Bank does it. The Inter-American Development Bank does it. And I think USAID can do it too.    Warren Buffett doesn't get high returns on capital just by chance. I mean, he does the economic analysis to figure that out. And I think it is the same in the water sector. I mean, there are lots of good investments everywhere, but we should be focusing our taxpayer dollars on those investments with the highest economic returns, and you have to do the economic analysis to figure that out.    Mr. Whittington. So I agree with John that there are huge problems in rural areas, but I think that there is a tension between humanitarian aid and pro-growth economic aid. I am not arguing to do less in rural areas. I just want to focus also on urban areas because that is where the economic benefits and the real chance to move economies to a high growth dynamic trajectory is.    And so as people move from rural areas into cities, there is a package of infrastructure investments that are critical to getting economic growth moving, and they include telecommunications and roads and health and education.    And water is a critical component. Piped water services in urban areas are what people want. People in developing countries are just like you. They want 24/7 water that is potable, that they can drink. And this is feasible. And it is not only feasible from a humanitarian point of view, it is the right thing to do from an economic development perspective.    Mr. Whittington. So I will go back to your questions about the Nile, and I think there were two: What would an agreement look like and what is the State Department doing? They are both great questions.    What would an agreement look like? If you go to the Murray-Darling in Australia or you go to the Colorado where you have large over-year storage facilities on big rivers in water-scarce areas, those agreements are hundreds of pages long. And so the first thing is this is not an easy task. I mean, somebody has to actually write these agreements and negotiate these agreements and that takes time and it needs to start very quickly.    Technically, what has to happen in the agreement is that Ethiopia is going to be filling the GERD Reservoir, but they have got to pass enough water down to Sudan and Egypt during that time so that those countries can meet their essential needs. Egypt has the Aswan High Dam, so they can buffer this a little bit if they have storage in the High Dam. Sudan does not. There is no over-year storage in Sudan. So there has to be enough water passed to meet the essential needs of Egypt and Sudan during the filling.    But more importantly, in the long run, there needs to be coordinated management on the droughts, because that is where the real conflict could come, if Ethiopia wants to hold back water on the droughts, and that water is really needed downstream in Sudan and Egypt.    So this is not hard to do technically, but it has to be negotiated. And so the key point on the agreement that we are missing right now, we don't have an agreement, but we also need a trustworthy, binding arbitrator, and that is where I think the global community can come in.    I would say that the State Department is active. They are in Salzburg. The special advisor on water has been working hard. But I think the visibility of this issue really needs to rise. There has not been a coordinated international response on this. It is not just a U.S. concern. It is a concern for Europe and the World Bank. The World Bank has moved back from the Nile, they are not as engaged as they were in the past, and I think this has to change.    Mr. Whittington. Per household per month.    Mr. Whittington. Yes, you have got me there, I think----    Mr. Whittington. Yeah, it is around $1,000, I think. I would have to check, you know. It is a good question. I mean, these may not seem like big numbers to you, but for poor people in developing countries these are high costs. And when households save this money, and as John said, save the time, these can be put to more productive uses and start a country on a path to, you know, economic growth.    But it is really hard to do that if you are spending all of your time, you know, scrambling around a big city trying to figure out how to get water for your family.    Mr. Whittington. It is a great question, and actually Water.org is doing just this right now with microfinancing water projects in developing countries. So they are putting money into communities that are borrowing and then repaying those loans to get sustainable high-quality water and sanitation services. So I think your point is exactly right. Where coping costs are high, and those savings are real, you know, in dollars and time, there are great opportunities for self-financing water and sanitation projects.    Mr. Whittington. I will just tell you about a puzzle that we have in the sector. We have a lot of nonpipe technologies that work and are cheap, they are effective, and they save lives. But household demand for these services is often low. And on the other hand, household demand for pipe services, 24/7 water supply, bottled water, like you have got, is very high. But the problem is these are very expensive and they are very capital intensive.    So those are the two kind of things that we wrestle with in this sector. And it gets back to this issue of financing. How do we finance improved pipe systems for urban areas to promote growth and dynamic economies? I mean, that to me is one of the real challenges we face. We know how to save lives, and we should do it, with cheap, cost-effective technologies. But people want more than that, and they want economic growth, and they want the convenience of piped water in their homes. And so that is the challenge that we struggle with in this sector--one of the challenges we struggle with.    The other thing I would say about struggling, water problems are local and solving them requires local capacity, local institutions, and local expertise. So one of the challenges we have got is building local capacity, building local institutions, because the solutions are not the same everywhere. So it is an educational task that we have got, an institutional building task, and we all know those are really hard.    Mr. Whittington. I don't think you are all wet on dengue. I think it is a serious concern. I would say that there has been rapid progress on a dengue vaccine and I would get ready to use it. You need to be ready to deploy that in your district when it is----    Mr. Whittington. It is outside the U.S. The International Vaccine Institute in Seoul has made great progress on this and some of the pharmaceuticals. And so I would be happy to talk to you about----    Mr. Whittington. You have got me on that. But they are very happy about the preliminary results from the trials on this. So that is something that I would get ready to use.    Mr. Whittington. I just mentioned I got back from Singapore, and they are monitoring very closely dengue cases when they pop up, they send people in to figure out where it came from, and they are really trying hard to stay on top of mosquito control. But I think your concern is exactly right. I mean, this is a real risk.    Mr. Whittington. I think you are right.    So your second point was about wells and skin in the game, and I also agree completely with you on that point, and it relates back on the other question about financing and microfinancing, getting people to pay for these services as well.    I would say that from our perspective competition in this business is useful. And one of the great advances, one of the best things that has happened in Sub-Saharan Africa in the last couple decades in the WASH sector has actually been the presence of Chinese contractors competing for contracts in the rural water sector, and they really halve the price of wells.    So the price of drilling wells, in old technology, you know, we have been having wells around for 5,000 years, but the Chinese contractors have come and competed in a market-based system for those contracts to drill wells in rural areas and have won contracts and cut the price in half. So there is a market in this business that----