    Ms. Titus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I believe that FAA has a definition of ``near miss'' that is already in regulation that is a lot larger than what the professor mentioned. But, anyway, we can check that out.    I would like to direct my comments to the Administrator. But if any of the rest of you want to weigh in, I would appreciate that.    You know, I represent Las Vegas. And I was a strong proponent of Nevada being named one of the original test centers for this kind of technology. And you mentioned that they are there for collaboration and research. But what seems to have happened is that these test sites have kind of fizzled out. There is not a lot of attention there, they kind of don't know what their goal is, what they should be doing. I would like to get you to comment on that.    What can these test sites be doing, what is the FAA doing to encourage and support them? Seems like the FAA has now got all its attention on granting these section 333 exceptions, as opposed to working with the test sites. What is the point of them now? If you would, address that.    And I would also ask you that when they grant these exceptions, do you continue to get information from these facilities that now can fly? And how do you use that information to inform this process of regulation development? Or is that just once they get the exception they are out there, and we don't know what is going on?    Ms. Titus. Anybody else care to comment on whether these test sites are working like they should, or we are getting enough information from them, or they don't make much difference?    Ms. Titus. I would like to go back to the Administrator. Part of my question was about granting all the section 333 exemptions. That seems to be where most of your energy and effort is concentrated now, instead of supporting technology and testing and data collection. Is that accurate, or----    Ms. Titus. So do you get information back after you have granted an exemption to one of these companies, or----    Ms. Titus. Wouldn't that be helpful for making up these regulations?    Ms. Titus. So you don't think it would be helpful to find out what these----    Ms. Titus. So it is voluntary?    Ms. Titus. And if you look at the way the agency is set up, is there more priority, more effort, more energy put in to granting these exceptions than in the testing and the technology and the test centers?    Ms. Titus. Well, if the--but they are--shouldn't they be linked? You are the one who used the term ``collaboration'' about the test sites. Shouldn't----    Ms. Titus. Right. But isn't that where the priority is now, instead of on the testing and getting the information to make these regulations?    Ms. Titus. How do you measure that?    Ms. Titus. OK. Thank you.