    Mr. Chesney. Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, and members of the committee, thank you very much for the opportunity to be here today. And I associate myself with General Keane's remarks about the tremendous history of this committee and the way it conducts its business.    I would like to make six points this morning.    First, the draft AUMF lacks a stated purpose in its operative sections. This is in contrast, for example, to the 2001 AUMF, and it is potentially significant.    To be sure, the question of purpose is for policymakers to decide ultimately, not lawyers. But the lawyers, in drafting an AUMF, need to know what the purpose is in order to make sure their work product is suited to accomplishing the mission.    And the public needs to know the purpose, as well. And so, as you improve upon the draft, I hope you will insist upon a clear statement of purpose in it.    Second, the draft's attempt to forbid ``enduring offensive ground combat operations'' is a grossly indeterminate phrase on its face and it should be dropped. Notwithstanding examples given by the White House in its transmittal letter accompanying the draft, the language inevitably will cast a shadow of uncertainty over commanders' operational decisions.    The statement by Secretary Kerry this past Tuesday explaining a bit about what it means in his understanding, referring to overnight embedding being okay but weeks upon weeks of some form of ground presence not being okay, I think underscores rather than assuages this concern. Simply put, commanders should not be left to guess where the boundaries lie.    Third, at no point in American history has Congress ever simultaneously authorized the use of force to destroy an enemy militarily while at the same time purporting to forbid the Commander in Chief from using ground forces towards that end.    In fairness, there have been several authorizations in our history that have been narrow in various ways. But in all such cases, the objective was much narrower than the military destruction of the enemy. Instead, these were cases in which the objective involved important but limited things, such as ending piracy against our shipping or participation in a peacekeeping operation.    Of course, if the actual objective with respect to ISIL is not its military destruction, but instead something relatively more narrow yet still important, then the analogy to past narrow authorizations may work much better. But this simply underscores my earlier point about the need for clarity regarding the purpose of the AUMF and our mission.    All that said, I can't say that Congress would lack the authority to enact such a limitation if it truly wishes to do so. I am simply pointing out that it would be unprecedented in a particular way, and it is certainly closer to the constitutional border line than things we have seen in the past.    Fourth, I want to share my thoughts on what we usually call sunsets, although I am beginning to think that we should get away from the sunset language because of the connotation it has for many people that it suggests that it is predetermined that there won't actually be a renewal. Perhaps it is better to talk about them as renewal or forcing function provisions.    The idea, of course, is to create an occasion after a certain period of time when the authorization, if appropriate, will receive the fresh imprimatur of a Congress and a President acting on the most recent conditions. And in this respect I would just point out where we are with the 2001 AUMF, which, of course, is still a critical instrument; it supports our anti-Al Qaeda operations around the world, from Yemen, to Somalia, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Iraq, as well.    It has been 13 years-plus since it was enacted, and the passage of time has led many to criticize it on the grounds that it has somehow become stale, that it has become attenuated as Al Qaeda has evolved. And it is a shame, I think, that we haven't had a past occasion where it has been clearly refreshed by a more recent Congress in order to avoid these kinds of problems, which create friction in the reliance upon the AUMF.    Now, it is true that it did partially get refreshed in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, but that refreshment, unfortunately, was limited to reference to the detention authority and--rather than being a full refreshment. But the point is, the experience with the 2001 AUMF illustrates how there is something to be said in favor of being able to continue to operate under an AUMF if you ensure that Congress will, in fact, come back to it after a certain number of years.    I recognize, however, that you cannot create a sunset or renewal provision that signals to the enemy that we are starting off with one foot already out the door. And so, in thinking about how you strike the balance here, my conclusion is that the better way to go is not a 3-year but a 5-year sunset, which also has the virtue of not landing this particular renewal provision on the doorstep of a newly elected President who may still be getting fully acclimated into the office and getting personnel into place.    My next point is about the silence of the draft AUMF on matters of detention, which is rather striking, if you ask me. Another lesson of the past 13 years is that the silence of an AUMF on detention is itself a cause for great legal friction if and when the United States may decide that in addition to using lethal force against ISIL targets, heaven forbid we actually detain some in military custody for the duration of our conflict.    If and when we come to that point, we will regret, I think, not having said something in the AUMF clarifying detention authority. So at a minimum, I hope Congress will consider that issue.    Last, there is the question of whether all this is moot because the administration, though asking for this ISIL-specific AUMF, it does continue to assert that it has the authority to do what it is doing already under color of the 2001 AUMF, and possibly as well under Article 2 of the Constitution. I don't think it is entirely moot.    As a municial matter, the 2001 AUMF argument and the constitutional argument that have been the backdrop up to this point, up to this very moment, are not without their detractors. They are far from obviously correct arguments, and that, in itself, creates a lot of legal friction. In so far as we are putting our Armed Forces into harm's way, they deserve a clear legal endorsement for what they are doing from this body.    As to the particular constraints in the draft AUMF being moot, again, at one level, yes, as a lawyer I can explain to someone if they have the time and patience to listen to me as to why the constraints in the new AUMF, since they aren't present in the old one, don't really matter. But I think that, while true as a legal matter, it is different as a political and rhetorical matter, and the existence of these constraints in the new AUMF will cast a shadow back over the old one and create more legal friction. So for that reason alone I think this proposal really does have to be taken quite seriously.    So let me stop there. I thank you for your time and I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Wittes.    Mr. Chesney. Mr. Chairman, passage of an AUMF specific to ISIL will signal resolve and commitment of this country both to our allies, which is a critical matter, and to the enemy itself, which is an even more critical matter. It will also signal to our troops and our commanders this institution's investment of its own political capital--all of you and all your colleagues, all of your political capital being put on the table in support of what they are being asked to do.    And I think all that matters as a practical matter very much in terms of that critical function, the legitimacy of the effort and the perception that it is going to be sustained over time to accomplish the mission.    Turning to the particular angle the chairman mentioned, how does this interact or what does it say if we don't do it and Article 2 authorities are being relied upon in the background separate from the 2001 AUMF? Article 2 national self-defense authorities of the President to use military force in defense of the country are broad and important, but they are far less capable of marshalling the credibility of this government and crystalizing public support than the ability that this body has, that Congress has, to pass an AUMF.    And it is also clear, as been alluded to, with the passage of time strict reliance on Article 2 alone, if there is no authorization that plausibly supports what is happening, begins to become more and more problematic with time's passage and generates legal friction, as I mentioned in my opening remarks.    I think that at this stage, now that the issue has been put to Congress, a failure to act, a failure to authorize would put us in an even worse spot than we were--in terms of the degree of signals of unity by this government supporting this mission--than where we were a month ago when we were carrying on these operations strictly on the President's combination of Article 2 authorities and the 2001 AUMF.    At this stage I do think Congress needs to step up with some appropriate endorsement if, indeed, it believes in the mission.    General Keane. Yes. Mr. Chairman, it is indisputable the President has the authorities to do what he needs to do in terms of military force. And look, and our troops, they are always going to respond to the orders of their officers, take on the most difficult tasks.    Something has really happened in the use of military force and our troops' reaction to it, in my judgment, because I transcended from the pre-9/11 military to the post-9/11 military; I have been very close to both of it. And, you know, pre-9/11 we were, to include much of World War II, this was always about helping somebody else. And incredible expenditure of national treasure by the American people to make the world a better place and achieve security and stability for others, even though maybe we may not have been directly involved.    And morale was always high. When the troops were off doing something they have a sense of purpose about it, they have a sense of accomplishment, they have an incredibly intense shared comradery with each other, and being associated with people that are drawn--that not only have the motivation to do what we are asking them to do, but actually have the wherewithal to do it. And that is very different.    Post-9/11, quite different, because this has been and is today all about the American people. And our troops get it. We have a 9/11 generation in the United States military as a result of it. The Central Intelligence Agency has a 9/11 generation in it as a result of this.    They have a dogged determination to succeed and make this right for the American people. So that aspect of our troops and their commitment to do what is asked of them is quite extraordinary. And I know you know that; I am just reinforcing what I think you know and trying to find my own words to explain it.    But this is a pluralistic, democratic society, more democratic than any other society on Earth. This government is not just about the executive branch.    You are the representatives of the people of this great country. It would never be lost on our troops that you are part of the authorization for the use of military force when we are conducting a campaign that will be protracted, and that is what this is.    So I absolutely believe this is the right thing to do, to come together, to show the determination and resolve, and to back the orders of the President of the United States, and certainly back the execution of those orders by our troops.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Smith.    Mr. Chesney. Sir, you are raising a number of great questions. If there had been sunsets for the 2001 and 2002 AUMFs, and if those moments came and for whatever reason those authorizations were not renewed so that they had gone away, and we reached 2011, when, as we did, the administration deployed our military to use force in Libya, I actually don't think it would be any different than what actually happened, because at that time there was no claim by the administration that what it was doing in Libya was under color of either of the existing AUMFs.    Instead, it was a pretty broad claim of Article 2 authority inherent in the President. So I think we would have seen that same claim being made, for better or worse.    That claim does illustrate the breadth with which this administration understands its Article 2 authority to act without your participation to be. That was not a situation where there had been an attack on the United States, or at least that that was being claimed as the basis for it.    Instead, it was about the enforcement of the U.N. Security Council resolution, foreign policy interests that were very important, humanitarian interests that were important, but none of which are traditional bases for Article 2 claims of authority to deploy the military.    The Chairman. Thank the gentlemen.    And just to alert members and witnesses, because we are the largest committee in Congress I have to be pretty strict about the time limit, so I appreciate your understanding on that.    Mrs. Davis.    Mr. Chesney. I don't think there is any serious doubt about that. I think amongst those who debate these war powers issues, one common touchstone is that the power of the purse, there is very little Congress can't accomplish with it.    We can imagine a bizarre hypothetical where somehow that power is leveraged to say that the President is not the Commander in Chief but instead fill-in-the-blank will have command. But obviously nothing like that sort is being contemplated or talked about here. So as long as you are away from that core superintendent's function, I think the power of the purse gives you a lot of leverage if it can be used in a particular way.    Mr. Chesney. So when the administration revealed that it was relying on the 2002 Iraq AUMF as part of its basis for its operations in Iraq, this precipitated a lot of debate amongst folks about whether this is a persuasive claim under that authority. The objectives, as you say, the objectives of the 2002 authorization are still present.    The question is, the authorization was specific to the threat posed by Iraq. What do we mean by that? What is the best reading of that authorization?    If it means threats to the United States that are emanating from within, or that involve something happening within the borders of the state of Iraq, that is an argument for saying that it fits, and I guess that is the argument that the administration adopted. If it is read, instead, to mean that Iraq in 2002--that is referring to Saddam Hussein's regime and the government of Iraq as the threat--then it doesn't fit well. And that was a view that was a little bit more plausible to me, but reasonable lawyers, including some of my colleagues on Lawfare, we disagreed on this point.    The interesting question today is, is there anything you get only with the 2002 authorization that isn't separately covered either by the 2001 authorization against Al Qaeda or a new authorization that this body may produce against ISIL? And I am hard-pressed to think of what that might be.    We would have to imagine a situation in which force needed to be used against some entity that was not plausibly an associated force of ISIL nor an associated force of Al Qaeda. We might imagine falling into that category Shiite militia, Hezbollah, the groups that are on the Shiite Iran-sponsored side of things.    We are not, to the best of my knowledge, at least in the public record, we are not currently using force or contemplating the use of force against them. Indeed, in some respects we are fighting in the same direction against ISIS with those entities.    You can imagine, though, a situation where it does seem appropriate, a new fact pattern. In that circumstance, the President's Article 2 authorities would be ample to at least initially respond, and I think the wiser course would be to come back to this body at that point if something more than Article 2 were needed.    Mr. Chesney. It is not well defined. It is a severe problem with the language in section 2(c). And it is not just one problem of lack of clarity; it is multiple problems.    ``Enduring'' has no particular legal meaning. That, in some people's minds, could reasonably refer to years; in other people's minds, the Secretary of State the other day, on Tuesday, referred to a couple of weeks or a few weeks. You know, reasonable people can disagree about what ``enduring'' means.    ``Offensive'' is difficult to describe. So, for example, the upcoming operation to liberate the city of Mosul, is that an offensive operation? You can see where someone would view it that way.    But on the other hand, it is not like ISIL was in that city all along. ISIL came in and took it. Is it defensive to drive them back out?    ``Ground combat.'' If you have forward air controllers who are on the ground and they are directing air strikes or assisting with the direction of air strikes, is that a ground combat operation?    There are ways to try to handle this by offering statements, like the President's transmittal letter, referring to, well, here is a list or an enumeration of particular types of activities that we mean to be okay. But at the end of the day, none of that gets enacted in the AUMF. The AUMF's text will say, ``No enduring offensive ground combat operations,'' and that language should be dropped.    Mr. Chesney. So, taking these in reverse order, it certainly makes sense to talk about the strategy on the ground most likely being best effectuated by an Arab regional ground force, properly supported, and led and resourced and punched up by U.S. forces.    Trying to tweak the AUMF's language in a way that allows for that yet doesn't somehow allow for a larger ground force where it is just the U.S. I think is not going to be easily done and shouldn't be attempted. That should be left to the Commander in Chief to figure out how to do this without trying to tie his hands legislatively.    As to what you say about the purpose, very difficult to make a granular statement there, but there needs to be at least some guidance at a high level of generality.    Mr. Chesney. No. I will simply say that it will be difficult to make any progress on this through the lens of the AUMF itself, but the right way to think about the AUMF's relationship to this question is to make sure that the Commander in Chief has the authority that he may judge necessary and not to tie his hands. Even if he is asking for you to tie his hands, his hands shouldn't be tied.    Mr. Chesney. I agree with everything Ben said.    Mr. Chesney. I will just offer a few preliminary thoughts, and these are similar to what General Keane said earlier. I think a big part of success involves ensuring that ISIL does not have a safe haven within which it can conduct first of all its own external operations, and that doesn't necessarily mean operations against the United States, though obviously that would be our first and foremost concern, but it could be operations in Europe, it could be operations against Jordan, it could be operations in Turkey, in any number of other places.    Secondly, and slightly distinct from that, a safe territorial haven from within which they are able to attract and train foreign fighters who then go back and, even if not in any way subject to ISIL's direction and control, nonetheless going back and, as local homegrown terrorists, then carrying out attacks and destabilizing our allies in the area. These are things that we need to prevent ISIL from being able to do.    Mr. Chesney. So I think this underscores one reason why the oversight provision that our draft had emphasized, specifically including a requirement that when the administration, or when the Pentagon, whoever, identifies a group as an associated force or a successor force, that there be some, certainly at least to Congress and preferably to the American public, that that decision has been made. In other words, Ben is right, there is a level at which this is unsolvable with crafting of language, so you shine a spotlight on it and make sure that people are aware of how it is being interpreted. So that is one thing I would say.    And then the second thing I would say is this is both a problem for the removing--a group removing itself from the scope of the AUMF, but also coming into it. And so to give a concrete example of this, in the Sinai there is a group, ABM--I am going to mispronounce this but it is something along the lines of Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis. It had been an Al Qaeda-affiliated group but the Egyptians have done a tremendous job of taking out their leadership, and one consequence of all that is that the people now in charge apparently were open to tying in with ISIL instead, and they have made formal claims to affiliation with ISIL, so now you have this ISIL franchise in the Sinai.    Well, you know, would they count, if they have not taken any action or shown any inclination to take action against the United States, merely by virtue of that formality? These are the debates we have been having for 13 years under the 2001 AUMF. This is an occasion to think more systematically about how to define things, and if there is no better way to define it then you shine a spotlight on it.    The Chairman. Okay. Great point.    Thank you again, all. Y'all have really been helpful, I think, to the committee, and we appreciate your time and patience over these last 3 hours.    With that, the hearing stands adjourned.