    Mr. Kirpalani. Thank you, Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, and members of the committee, as well as your dedicated staff, who have worked many nights and weekends to get us to this place. Thank you for having me participate in this important issue for our country. It is truly an honor to be here.    My name is Susheel Kirpalani. I am a partner at Quinn Emanuel in New York, and I am a creditors' rights lawyer. I am here to testify about fair restructuring laws and principles and whether the bill for Puerto Rico has the hallmarks of fairness and upholding the rule of law consistent with U.S. precedent.    I have been practicing creditors' advocacy for over 20 years. I represented creditors in the two largest municipal bankruptcy cases in the United States--Jefferson County, Alabama, and Detroit, Michigan. I have also represented the largest statutory creditors committees in Chapter 11 cases in the Lehman and Enron bankruptcies. I also served as a court-appointed mediator trying to solve myriad disputes among stakeholders in a multi-billion-dollar case.    Here, I represent COFINA creditors. COFINA is the largest bond issuer in Puerto Rico. When you think about Puerto Rico and you hear numbers like $70 billion of borrowed-money debt and $40 billion of pension debt, out of the $70 billion, COFINA is $17 billion. If you take out the utilities, you are left with $40 billion of borrowed-money debt apart from the utilities, the electric power, and the water system. So, $17 billion out of $40 billion is COFINA. It is the largest issuer of bonds in Puerto Rico, and they are secured creditors protected by property rights under both the U.S. Constitution and the Puerto Rico Constitution.    My clients include individuals who are retired or semi-retired as well as asset managers that invested in these safest, most secure bonds. This is how we are different from other bondholders: we are backed by the sales taxes of Puerto Rico. So, although creditors like the ones I represent certainly want to see their debts repaid, our interests are aligned with the people of Puerto Rico, because if they cannot afford to go out every day and buy things they need for their families, we can never get repaid. And if they leave home and move to the mainland states, we can never get repaid. So, our interests are truly aligned.    There are universal principles of any fair restructuring law: stay litigation, uphold creditor expectations, uphold the rule of law, and protect property rights as determined by the local law. If we want to stabilize Puerto Rico under U.S. principles, you need to respect U.S. traditions. This is not Greece. We have our own rules based on 100 years of Supreme Court jurisprudence.    My wife loves a show called ``MythBusters.'' I don't know if anybody has seen that, but there are two myths that I would like to dispel today. The first, which I have seen on television--I am sure some of you have seen that or your families have seen that--that this is a bailout. This is not a bailout. This involves no U.S. taxpayer money, this bill. The second one is that this is ``Super Chapter 9.'' I have a lot of experience with Chapter 9. This is no Chapter 9.    The problem with Chapter 9 is the law allows the local government to retain absolute control over its finances, its revenues, and its decisionmaking on which debts to pay and which debts not to pay. So, if you think about it, a local government is usually going to try to respect its electorate and the local interests, which is harmful to the municipal bond market. The difference here, of course, is the control board, and that difference is quite significant and makes it absolutely immune from being confused with Chapter 9.    This bill is the right framework for debt-restructuring laws under U.S. traditions and, critically, it will actually encourage voluntary agreements by creditors. We have gone on record publicly supporting Chairman Bishop's efforts, as well as the efforts of House leadership. Other creditors have not.    We actually have no problems with other creditors, whether they are general obligations creditors or the lowest tier of unsecured bondholders of the Commonwealth, but some of those creditors have regrettably engaged in negative advertising just to obstruct you from trying to do this very difficult job.    We think this is the right bill, and we appreciate the opportunity to answer any questions that you might have.    Thank you.    Mr. Kirpalani. Sure. Thank you, Congressman Lamborn.    There are two types of holdouts. And the first type to think about is the dissenting minority when the majority of a pool or a class wants to go along with the deal and get a voluntary restructuring. You may have people who just do not want to participate. They don't want to even open their mail. They don't want to be involved in any kind of restructuring discussion or they are not sophisticated or they don't want to hire professionals to focus on their rights. So they may vote against or they may not vote at all.    The bill allows in the debt-restructuring section that the majority--it is majority in number, so more than 50 percent in number of people voting--and more than two-thirds in dollar amount of the particular class voting should be able to bind everyone in that class of similarly situated creditors.    So, the most important thing to take away, you have to make sure the bill protects similarly situated creditors to work together and not lump people with different contract rights, different property rights together.    The one issue I have with collective-action clauses is----    The Chairman. You have 3 seconds to say your issue.    Mr. Kirpalani . It is a eurozone concept. It has no classification rules. Just be careful.    The Chairman. OK. Thank you.    Mr. Kirpalani. Yes, I would just like to try to answer the Congressman's very important question. The way this bill is drafted, it protects priorities. It does not disturb local law. We could tighten that. In fact, our view is it should be tightened.    Mr. Kirpalani. Only if the dissenting class has no good reason to hold up because they are getting the best interest, the same that we get under law----    Mr. Kirpalani. No. They would have their ability to explain to the court, to your colleagues on your left, that this is an unfair plan; it discriminates unfairly to me. The laws can be drafted even more tightly and clearly, and we would support that, but if the intent of the bill is absolutely to protect the----    Mr. Kirpalani. But that is no different than in the absence of legislation.    Mr. Kirpalani. I think that there are a lot of things that Congress can do under the territories clause to create better growth, better initiatives. What this is doing, it is the first step; it is a necessary step to stabilize the economy to keep people in place.    Mr. Kirpalani. I don't know that there will be.    Mr. Kirpalani. Without this bill, there will be a cash bailout.    Mr. Kirpalani. But it will respect priorities, though.    The Chairman. Mr. Pierluisi.    Mr. Kirpalani. Thank you, Congressman.    I 100 percent agree with that statement, and I would also say that our laws, our bankruptcy laws and restructuring laws from 100 years, they are the envy of the world. They are the hallmark of an efficient financial system, and I was hired several years ago by Dubai to pass legislation and help them draft it. They never even had to use it because every creditor organized itself and voluntarily agreed because they understood the rules, and the same thing can happen for Puerto Rico.    Mr. Kirpalani. Thank you, Congressman Benishek. Yes, and we have seen what happens. If Congress does not do anything, then the local legislature does, in the cover of night, pass a debt moratorium law that denies due process and contravenes U.S. law. I think that is going to be met with constitutional challenges.    I am not blaming local legislators from doing what they need to do to protect the citizens living in their home jurisdiction, but it certainly does not uphold the rule of law. This Congress can do that, and so we hope that you do.    Mr. Kirpalani. Right. Thank you, Congressman. The big problem with Super Chapter 9 or Chapter 9 is who controls the restructuring process. If the elected officials are controlling the restructuring process, there is a potential for problem and disappointed results. Here, it is the board that controls it, the board that formulates the plan, and the board that negotiates with the creditors. That is the critical difference.    Mr. Kirpalani. That is correct, Congressman, in addition to some individuals, yes, sir.    Mr. Kirpalani. Congressman, unfortunately, I don't know when they acquired debt. We have represented original owners of COFINA debt, and we continue to do so. And we represent some that have acquired them in the secondary market from people who could not afford to hold onto them.    Mr. Kirpalani. I honestly cannot comment as to when exactly they bought them. I would assume that it is a mix: it is probably some who bought initially; some who bought when the debt was at 90, 80, 70. I honestly don't know.    Mr. Kirpalani. That is correct. Absolutely right.    Mr. Kirpalani. These particular clients that I am representing I have actually not seen very active in the hedge fund space. I have never represented them before. There are certain hedge funds, some who have bought up GO bonds in particular, who are looking to try to have an event-driven strategy to capitalize on returns.    Your colleague earlier talked about Argentina. Argentina was held up for 15 years, and the hedge funds that bought Argentine debt actually made 38 percent return for over an 8-year period of time. And some of those funds are actively campaigning now here so that Congress does not act, and they are just hoping that there is no progress, and they will use their litigation tools to try to achieve a result like that.    My clients actually are supportive of responsible legislation. We think that the key point here is that there is a good control board in place and that it respects the rule of law. If we could change anything, we would actually give greater deference to the judicial system in Puerto Rico. For issues of property rights and constitutional rights, to Ms. Velazquez' point earlier, we should defer to the autonomy and sovereignty of Puerto Rico and uphold their laws too.    Mr. Kirpalani. That is a terrific question, Congressman. Let me try to explain in a very short period of time here. Investors who bought COFINA senior bonds, this was the original safe bond that was introduced when the economy actually collapsed in 2006 in Puerto Rico. There were long-term investors, as you said, for 40 years, 30-something or 40 years, and the protection they had was if there is a default, they would get paid ahead of any bonds that came later. So there is a big swath of subordinated bonds, contractually junior bonds, somewhat called junkier bonds, that came later. So, the only thing that we were saying is: We will reduce the overall payment requirements. We will give back $19.5 billion over the next 35 years to the people of Puerto Rico, and the only thing we ask is respect our contract rights--that is all--and that we get paid before the juniors. But some of them actually will get paid later than maturity, absolutely.    Mr. Kirpalani. No, sir, because contractually upon a default, everything is accelerated and it is due immediately. So what we would do is actually forbear, take no payments at all for a year, and then have payments for the next 5 years and slowly inch back up to what the government of Puerto Rico has said they could actually afford. So the only issue, really, between us and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico are the holdup creditors, who are the junior bondholders who will not go along. That is the problem.    Mr. Kirpalani. Sure. Thank you, sir.    To be perfectly honest, just to start with, this is my first experience with Washington and with this whole political process. I didn't even know----    Mr. Kirpalani. I didn't even know that you could do that kind of thing, place ads in the newspapers in Members' home districts when they are at home on recess with their families. I think it is really horrible.    I think that the real goal here is, if you really dissect, which I have been doing over the last 10 months or so, what the motivations are, the folks that are putting the ads, they bought New York-governed GO bonds issued by Puerto Rico. So just take a step back and think about that. The sovereign of Puerto Rico, territorially sovereign of Puerto Rico, issues bonds, but the creditors insisted--and these are creditors who insisted that the minimum entry to participate in that offering is $100,000 a pop. This is not your individual retail customer. OK. These are sophisticated, well-heeled institutions. And they said: We know how to make gambles. Our gamble is this Congress in a bipartisan way will never act. So, therefore, let's put New York law to govern the Puerto Rico general obligation bonds so that when Puerto Rico collapses, which it has done, and Puerto Rico issues a debt moratorium law, which it has done, we will ride free. So the only way that that debt could also participate in an overall restructuring process is if the U.S. Congress acts. They are just hoping that does not happen.    Mr. Kirpalani. They are just spinning absolute fiction. That is what they are doing. There is no bailout concept here. There is nothing in the bill that suggests a bailout. It is, frankly, just the opposite. It is the only way to rationalize the resources that are available to repay creditors in a timely way. I am also representing a couple of individuals: Barry, from Minnesota, who is a retiree from New York City, a former public worker; as well as Pepin from San Juan, who is also retired but, unfortunately, now has to restart working at a dry cleaning business.    These folks want to hold on to their investments. They cannot afford to sell them at the depressed prices. They just need to get repaid, and they are worried very, very much about their financial future. And this type of responsible legislation gives them encouragement.