    Mr. Rohrabacher. I will make this short because I know we want to get on with the witnesses. But I, first of all, would like to thank Mr. Royce and Mr. Salmon for the leadership that they have provided on human rights issues in general. You guys have--these have been real heroes here, and it has been my honor to have worked with both of them. Ed, ever since he got to Congress as a freshman--I was already there, by the way--Ed has been the champion of broadcasting to people throughout the world so that they will know that they are not forgotten in their struggle for freedom and not forgotten by the American people.    We supposedly, as Americans, hold freedom and the rights of human beings to be our number-one value. This is how we will prove that. We will prove it by making sure that people in these countries where they are oppressed get the message that we are on their side, but also hearings like this where we insist that human rights be respected for our country to deal with those governments.    By the way, human rights, so often people think human rights are only elections, freedom of speech, freedom of religion. But human rights also means when someone owns a piece of property or someone has worked his life and the life of their family for generations on a piece of land, for that land to be taken away, for that property to be taken away is a violation, a fundamental violation of human rights, as is restricting someone's right to worship God the way they would choose.    So today we are reaffirming in this hearing, especially to the people of Cambodia, Vietnam, the Philippines, Burma, and other Southeast Asian countries, that we understand that there is a challenge there to their freedom and to the well-being of their families and to their human rights, and that we are on their side, and we want to find ways of how we can make that situation better. When governments think that they can take land and property away from ordinary people and give it to their cronies, basically crony capitalism has replaced communism as a chief oppressor.    Vietnam isn't a communist country anymore. Communism means Marxism, where nobody owns anything. They are just a corrupt dictatorship where they are taking care of their cronies. The same is true in Cambodia, and the same is unfortunately true at some level in the Philippines. But we know that the Filipino people, because they have a democratic process, are trying to work their way through it and make it better.    Well, that is what America is all about. We come from every race, religion, and ethnic background, and it is up to us to make sure that we reach out, using that, because I can see people from here from all of the countries I just mentioned. It is your job to speak for America there to make sure that the people of your countries, where you came from, that they know that America does stand for these principles, and also we are very pleased to have you here as the American fabric. That is what makes us a strong country and a force for freedom in the world.    So, thank you, Ed and Matt. I am looking forward to the testimony.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much.    Just a few details here on some specific points that have been made.    There are many problems in Vietnam, for example, where we don't have political freedom, and economic freedom is basically based on cronyism with the ruling elite, with the ruling political elite, and you have now an economic elite.    There is no foreign aid to Vietnam, is there?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Do we have an aid? How much money are we spending in Vietnam?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Health and infectious disease.    Mr. Rohrabacher. So they are repressing their people, and they are using their own money for instruments of repression, and we are using our money to aid them, to make sure their people are taken care of with infectious diseases. Actually, they have plenty of money to take care of their people with infectious diseases. It is just that they don't spend it on that. They spend it on repression and other types of repression like having a huge police force and military force to make sure that the thumb is down on their people.    What about Cambodia? How much do we give in foreign aid to Cambodia?    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right. I understand the last point, and I think it is important for us to understand that when we do invest in countries by helping people and NGOs, et cetera, that are demanding human rights, that that does edge that country in the right direction.    When we start taking over the actual obligations of the dictatorship to take care of its people, like in responding to infectious diseases, I think we are actually bolstering the dictatorship itself. I know that we would like to be able to be the benefactor to everyone around the world who lives in a dictatorship, but I don't think that is right, and I don't think it will lead us to more of a democratic society.    We have two types of government that we are talking about. In the Philippines you have a democratic society. In the Philippines you have a democratic government, but it is not in the area of respecting the rights of its ordinary citizens in terms of their property rights. They fall far short of what we consider to be the standard.    Helping governments like the Philippines is not something that I find objectionable, but I do find it objectionable that we are providing any type of assistance that would take away the burden of that government to their own people of dictatorships like Cambodia. Hun Sen has only been there, I guess, about 30 years now.    Let me just note that also and for the record, we are not going to forget Sovannara Meach. An American citizen now is imprisoned in Cambodia by this vicious dictator. We will not forget him, and I would hope that our Embassy and also our people who are involved with aid and trying to develop trade relationships with these countries will not forget, especially when an American citizen is put in jail, much less their own citizens, which we should care about. But when they have one of our own and we move forward with ordinary relations, it is unconscionable.    So I would hope that--I like what I have heard so far. You are paying attention to this issue. Actually, you have some very fine ideas that we are about to implement. We are going to watch very closely.    Again, I want to thank Mr. Royce for his leadership, and Mr. Salmon for his leadership, and we will be watching. So, thank you very much.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, thank you very much. This has been very fascinating for me to listen to your tales of woe, and they are tales of woe, and I sympathize, and I know all Americans sympathize with the little guy who is being oppressed by the big guy. That is what we are hearing about.    We do have that problem in our own country, however, and let us note that we have a major problem with eminent domain abuse in our country. So while we are looking at the problems overseas, I hope we all take to heart that we won't permit this to happen here.    It is interesting that I have a friend who came here from a country, from Ethiopia, when his family left when the communists took over, and the communists took over his father's business, and he came here and now spends his entire time in a law firm that defends American property owners against abusive use of eminent domain to steal their property right here in our country.    So we have to take that into consideration, that we are not perfect here, but we have a perfect ideal. We have the ideal of what America is supposed to be and what our Founding Fathers meant it to be, and that motivates us not only to hear but to side with people in other countries who share that vision, that ideal of humankind.    Mr. Royce was absolutely correct about rule of law basically when it comes to title. If you do not have a title, as Mr. Royce pointed out, there is no collateral. If there is no title, there are no loans. If there are no loans, there are now businesses being created. And if there are no businesses being created, there are no jobs being created. So this is a very vicious cycle that starts with, number one, a respect for the rule of law, and then, because you have to have a judge that is giving you a proper assessment, a legal assessment and decision about the title itself.    So what we are talking about here is unless we correct the basic problems that we are talking about today, there will be no prosperity. In the Philippines, where they have a large degree of freedom when it comes to freedom of speech and freedom of religion and freedom of the press, or Cambodia where they don't have a large degree, or Vietnam where they have none of them, we know that these countries will not prosper and people will not live well unless that type of basic reform happens.    I would like to go into one last area of questioning, and I am just sort of probing here. Who ended up with the land there, what you were talking about, Mr. Rogers, in Boeung Kak Lake? Who ended up with that land?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Did they sell any of that land, or the lake, did they sell any of it to the Chinese?    Mr. Rohrabacher. It has been my understanding that China is pumping large amounts of money into the Philippines and into Southeast Asia, and I am just wondering whether or not that money, for example that senator that you are talking about, whether or not he plans to sell that to somebody who may have already contracted with him to get that property. Our friends from the Philippines, are there any negative situations being caused by Chinese investment that you know of? No? Okay. I am just probing, trying to find out where we can document that, because I have been told by several people that that is becoming a problem, that this Chinese investment comes with the corruption of local officials, who then do the bidding of a very powerful foreign investor rather than watching out for the interests of their own people.    Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, both Mr. Chairman. I have enjoyed it. This has been very illuminating, and I hope that again we don't forget any American citizen who is incarcerated anywhere in the world where they are trying to promote the values that we believe in. We know there is one case in Cambodia that we are not going to forget, and we hope that justice is done to our friends in the Philippines as well.    Thank you very much.