    Mr. Stivers. I thank the chairman for allowing me to sit in on this panel. I am not on this subcommittee, so I appreciate the opportunity to be here.    I appreciate the witnesses for sticking with us for a long time and a lot of questioning. I think the bills today are a lot of commonsense bills. Something Dr. Kupiec just said really made me think, as we were talking about H.R. 2209.    Dr. Kupiec, why do we have one set of accounting principles?    Mr. Stivers. Inside a company and across companies and compare apples to apples. Is that an appropriate way of saying it?    Mr. Stivers. So shouldn't that also apply here when you are talking about across companies and inside companies with regard to assets, and if something meets the characteristics of a certain type of asset, shouldn't it be included in the asset and shouldn't we have consistency so that we can compare inside a bank holding company at the bank level and across companies?    Mr. Stivers. So that is the kind of commonsense stuff we have here. One of my bills that two of you have talked about, and I think it is possible that Mr. Stanley does not have a position on it because he didn't mention it, is H.R. 2121, the SAFE Transitional Licensing. I think Mr. Ireland did a great job of explaining it to one of the other Members of Congress who asked a question. I appreciate that.    We are continuing to work with interested parties, and we have a new discussion draft that I think even makes the bill better. Instead of just a straight 120-day period, the new bill basically says the application or the transitional authority--and we make it an authority, not a license so that the regulators actually can clamp down on folks if they need to--but it is good until the application is approved, denied, or withdrawn, or in the event that it is incomplete, the limit is 120 days if the application is incomplete.    We also create the ability for the regulators to deal with bad actors. We make sure that we allow the regulators to require a background check if they want one. There is already something that says if you have been convicted of a felony, if you have been subject to a cease-and-desist order, or you have been denied or revoked or suspended for your license, this process wouldn't apply. And I think Mr. Ireland talked about it pretty well.    But, Dr. Kupiec, do you want to talk about why we need the ability for folks in labor markets to move from employer to employer or State to State, if they need to, and how that is good for consumers?    Mr. Stivers. That is correct.    Mr. Stivers. Exactly.    Mr. Ireland, do you want to talk a little bit about how this is an unintended consequence of a two-tiered system. So we had a tiered system for State-regulated folks who had to have a license, and then the other folks who are at a bank who didn't need to have a license. And so when you want to change between them, you have to get licensed, but it was kind of an unintended consequence that people then, if they want to change from a bank entity, a federally-regulated entity to a State-regulated entity, wouldn't be able to work for a number of months. That is pretty hard for most people to feed their family on, and it is clearly an unintended consequence.    Mr. Stivers. And the consumers.    Mr. Stivers. Mr. Stanley, you didn't have a position on this bill. Do you like what you hear?    Mr. Stivers. I didn't ask you to endorse anything. I asked you if you liked what you heard.    Thank you. I yield back the balance of my time.