    Mr. Mica. I think Congress and the American people have to think that a CIO position, chief information officer position, stands for chaos, ineptness, and outrage after what we have learned this morning. The CIO is an important position to protect the integrity of information data. I think you have what, Mr. King, 139 million records that you possess, personal information, $1.2 trillion of information on people who have student loans, and anyone who has applied, I guess, has all that background information.    At the very least, Ms. Bruce, Mr. Harris was acting improperly according to your investigation. I think there has been some hairsplitting here on whether it was a business or a hobby. You found information that it was a business, I think, in your investigation, did you not, Ms. Bruce?    Mr. Mica. Yes. And I guess also if you don't report the income on your disclosure--that is financial disclosure--that is also a violation, Ms. Bruce?    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Mica. And it was corrected after the fact, is that not correct? That is ----    Mr. Mica. Yes. Well, Mr. Harris, you are a senior executive service position, is that correct?    Mr. Mica. Yes. And you have been the CIO since 2008, is that correct?    Mr. Mica. And every year since 2008--we will take you to 2011--the FISMA audit contains findings of failure of the protection of the records and all of the information you are charged with, according to what we have. That is correct. And in that time, you received bonuses of $116,000, according to our report. That is just part of the record, right, Mr. Harris?    Mr. Mica. This whole investigation started in December 2011. In the meantime, he received bonuses in 2012 of $17,000; 2013, $17,000; 2014. During all that time period, the information I have is your performance, the job you were hired for as the chief information officer, you had failing evaluations. Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. It is correct to the information that we have. The only information we had just now is Mr. King mentioned that since January they have done better. But it appears you have actually failed in your mission.    First, your ethics--Ms. Winchell gave you as much cover as she possibly could, but your ethics were questionable. Ms. Bruce also said that your activities were not proper. There is no reason, Mr. King, why Mr. Harris shouldn't be fired. He is a senior executive service officer. He has failed continually since he took the position. I don't think you could find more ineptness or misconduct with any senior employee that has come before us and then rewarded for it. It is so offensive.    And Ms. Winchell says, well, maybe we should discuss moving him to another position. Well, that is what is wrong with this whole system is he can fail every time, getting huge salaries, plus he has got his little businesses or hobbies or whatever you want to call it on the side, all the ethical questions that have been raised, and you leave him in that position. The worst thing would be to put him in another position and continue to get the high salaries and bonuses.    Mr. King?    Mr. Mica. Dramatic progress?    Mr. King.--in January 2015.    Mr. Mica. Who approved the bonuses for him when he was failing? Were you involved? You were a deputy, weren't you?    Mr. Mica. You were not--who ----    Mr. Mica. Then it would be the Secretary that approves the bonuses? Who approved the bonuses? Even while he is under investigation, there should be at least a suspension of the bonuses.    Mr. Mica. But he failed every time, every single time since 2008. The only time we have had any success reported is what you reported from January, and that is only because the chairman conducted a hearing and we hammered you last year.    I yield back the balance of my time.