    Chairman Smith. The Science, Space, and Technology Committee will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    Welcome, everyone, to today's hearing entitled ``Examining EPA's Predetermined Efforts to Block the Pebble Mine.''    I'll recognize myself for an opening statement and then the Ranking Member, although on second thought, given time considerations and the fact that we have another vote in 45 minutes or so, and wanting to hear from our witnesses today, I'm going to ask unanimous consent to put my opening statement in the record if the Ranking Member is going to do the same thing, and she's agreed to do the same thing.    Chairman Smith. So let me immediately go to the introduction of our witnesses.    Our first witness is the Hon. William Cohen, Chairman and CEO of The Cohen Group, and former Secretary of Defense. Secretary Cohen was first elected to public office in 1969 as a City Councilor. He then spent six years in the House of Representatives and eighteen years in the Senate. In 1997, President Clinton nominated him to be his Secretary of Defense. After 31 years of public service, Secretary Cohen leaves behind a record of accomplishment, integrity, and respect. Secretary Cohen received his bachelor's degree in Latin from Bowdoin College and his law degree from Boston University.    Our second witness is Mr. Charles Scheeler, Senior Counsel at DLA Piper. Before rejoining DLA, Mr. Scheeler was a Federal Prosecutor in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Maryland from 1984 to 1989. Mr. Scheeler serves as the Chairman of Rosedale Federal Savings and Loan Association and is a Member on the Boards of Johns Hopkins University, Johns Hopkins Medicine, Johns Hopkins International, Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center, and the College Bound Foundation. Mr. Scheeler received his bachelor's degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and his law degree from Harvard University.    We welcome you both, and Secretary Cohen, if you'll begin?    Hon. Cohen. Good morning, Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Johnson, and distinguished Members of the staff. First, let me thank you for inviting me to discuss the recently completed independent report or review of EPA's decision-making process regarding the potential mining in southwest Alaska's Bristol Bay watershed.    The issue has raised important questions of Congressional intent and how the EPA made decisions that are fully worthy of Congressional oversight.    I represented Maine in Congress where the environment is very important. Our state is known as Vacation Land, and for a reason. But there's always been an effort to balance the protection of the environment with permitting responsible development, and that was a major focus during my Congressional service.    And then when I served as Chairman of the Senate Oversight Subcommittee, I focused on ensuring that Executive Branch agencies operated in a fair and responsible fashion.    In the fall of 2014, rather, I was approached by the Pebble Partnership to review EPA's actions regarding the potential mining in southwest Alaska's Bristol Bay watershed. The Partnership holds mineral claims to lands owned by the State of Alaska that contain one of the world's largest known undeveloped copper deposits. The area is also home to one of the most abundant salmon runs in the world, and the commercial salmon industry dominates the private sector economy of the Bristol Bay region.    In July 2014, EPA proposed substantial limits on the development in the Pebble Deposit area using a controversial and nearly unprecedented process to do so, known as Section 404(c) instead of the traditional permitting method that was adhered to in the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act, and the Pebble Partnership expressed concern about the fairness of EPA's decision-making process. They wanted an objective party to review the process through the lens of how a Cabinet-level agency should make these kinds of decisions. Given my experience in the legislative and executive branches, I agreed to review EPA's actions, assisted by my staff at The Cohen Group and also the law firm of DLA Piper. The lead counsel on the review, as you've indicated, is Charles Scheeler, who is with me today.    I advised Pebble that I would not try to determine whether a mine should be built nor would I comment on the legality of EPA's preemptive use of Section 404(c). I also undertook to review the conditions of complete independence, and I set those facts out that I would follow the facts wherever they might lead. The conclusions that I drew were mine. Pebble Partnership had no rights to edit or censor my views, and my team was compensated according to commercially standard terms, and no portion of my compensation was contingent upon the result of the review or the content of the report.    And so in order to produce the most thorough and balanced review, we sought to interviewed some 300 people, and we interviewed more than 60, who agreed to participate, representing all points of view including those of EPA's actions including three former EPA Administrators, and we reviewed thousands of documents from EPA, other federal agencies, the State of Alaska, and other sources. EPA declined my request to make current personnel available to interviews, citing ongoing Congressional and Inspector General inquires, and also pending litigation. I understand their reluctance to do that.    I've submitted the Executive Summary and the full report for the Committee's hearing record, but here are my primary findings.    Because to date the Pebble Partnership has not submitted a permit application, EPA relied on hypothetical scenarios for its assessment rather than using the characteristics of a mine that is actually proposed to be built and maintained. EPA failed to address important considerations that would be included in the permit NEPA process including meaningful participation by other state and Federal Government agencies. The permit/NEPA Process has been used for decades and has been widely endorsed by environmental groups, and yet EPA relied upon the Watershed Assessment even though they acknowledged to peer reviewers that there were significant gaps in the assessment and it was not designed to duplicate or replace the permit and NEPA process. EPA's unprecedented, preemptive use of Section 404(c) before a permit filing, in my judgment, exacerbated the shortcomings of the Bristol Bay Watershed Assessment and inhibited the involvement of two key participants: the Army Corps of Engineers and the State of Alaska. These observations were informed--they informed my conclusion that EPA's application of Section 404(c) prior to the filing of a permit application was not fair to all of the stakeholders, and I found that the fairest, most appropriate process to elevate possible development in--evaluate development in the Pebble Deposit Area would use the established regulatory permit/NEPA process to assess a mine permit application, rather than using an assessment based upon the hypothetical mining scenarios described as the basis for imposing potentially prohibitive restrictions on future mines, and I could find no reason why the common established approach was not used.    During the course of my review, there were certain statements and actions taken by EPA personnel that raised questions about the integrity of the process that EPA used. Was the process orchestrated to reach a predetermined outcome? Had there been inappropriately close relationships with anti-mine advocates that influenced EPA's process? Was EPA candid about its decision-making process?    I have refrained from reaching any judgments on any of these questions, and I've done so because, frankly, I don't have subpoena power. I don't have the power to compel anyone to talk to me. I don't have access to documents that have yet to be produced to the Committee or to other agencies, and so I think these are issues that are serious enough for Congress, which does have the power to compel testimony, to follow up on.    I think that the oversight of proper authorities have to be done so that agencies don't engage in decision-making that is preordained, and I would urge Congress to continue to explore the questions I've raised, to illuminate EPA's motives and better determine whether EPA has met its core obligations of government service and accountability, and also, finally, to urge policymakers to consider using the permit/NEPA process in the context of potential development of the Bristol Bay Watershed Area, a process regarded by all stakeholders as the most thorough and fair approach.    And finally, I would think that the Committee may want to review EPA's apparent effort to considering using 404(c) to accomplish a national watershed planning, as EPA personnel stated in a document prepared for the briefing to the Administrator. If such a model is to be established, I would expect that Congress would want to weigh in either in favor or against it, but it's a fundamental issue that Congress, I think, needs to looked at.    I've tried to shorten my statement, Mr. Chairman, rush through it, but I stand ready to answer any questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Secretary, and I understand Mr. Scheeler is not going to testify but will perhaps respond if necessary.    I've just been told that the next vote is now only 20 or 25 minutes away, and with the concurrence of the Ranking Member, we'd like to suggest, in order to give as many members of the Committee as possible an opportunity to ask a question, that we do just that and try to limit ourselves to one question and see if we can get through most of the members before the next vote is cast.    So I'll recognize myself to start and will ask just a single question, and that, Secretary Cohen, is this: What are the dangers of allowing the EPA's unprecedented actions to go unchecked? Less time than I thought. So we'll go through as many people as we can with one question.    Hon. Cohen. Let me be as brief as I can on this issue. We expect agencies to deal with our citizens in a fair, open, transparent fashion, and to use the most fair process they can. When processes that have been established like 404(c), that's been invoked in 43 years only on 13 occasions, and never, with one minor, very minor exception, never without a permit having been filed. And so the question is, is this an appropriate use of EPA power? I have not reached a conclusion as to whether EPA has this power. I've assumed for purposes of my investigation in this that it has. But that's a matter that others will have to decide.    But to allow an agency to make a ruling on state-owned land--Alaska owns this land. Alaska has regulated this land or issued guidelines specifically for mining, and so for the EPA to come in and say we're going to use a process that has worked well in the past under these certain conditions where a permit's been filed is one thing. To then take action which really intrudes upon state action, state territorial integrity, state power and say we're going to use an unprecedented process to me violates this notion of federal agencies working hand in hand with state agencies to reach an appropriate solution.    Again, I don't come to a judgment. I'm not advocating that a permit be issued. I'm not advocating that the mine be stopped. I'm simply saying this process in my judgment was not fair as carried out.    Chairman Smith. I understand, and you're talking about the process. Thank you, Secretary Cohen.    And the Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Texas, Ms. Johnson, is recognized for her question.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Johnson.    The gentleman from California, Mr. Rohrabacher, is recognized for a question.    Chairman Smith. Thank you----    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher.    The gentlewoman from Oregon, Ms. Bonamici, is recognized for her questions.    Chairman Smith. If the gentlewoman will yield, we are planning a second hearing with the EPA to be present.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Bonamici.    And the gentleman from Alabama is recognized for his question.    To respond to the gentlewoman from Oregon, EPA was invited and declined to testify on either of these panels, and that is why we're having another hearing with them to be present.    The gentleman from Alabama.    Chairman Smith. Yes, Secretary, please respond.    Hon. Cohen. I appreciate the comment that was just made but I'd be willing to say I've never questioned your integrity, Congressman, and if it came to a question of--questioning mine, I'd be willing to put my reputation up against yours any day.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Secretary Cohen.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Scheeler.    Let me say to the gentleman from New York, I wouldn't want anybody to take down his words so I would suggest in the future that he not impugn the integrity of any witness, and I think that will lead to a more constructive exchange of ideas on this subject.    And now we'll go to the gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Westerman, for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Westerman.    And all members have asked questions of our panelists today. We're going to take a five minute recess so we can reset the witness table. And let me thank both Secretary Cohen and Mr. Scheeler for their comments today, very, very helpful and much appreciated.    We'll take a five minute recess.    Chairman Smith. The Science, Space, and Technology Committee will resume our hearing, and if Mr. Collier and Mr. Halford would come forward and be seated? And I'll introduce our two witnesses.    Our first witness on the second panel is Mr. Tom Collier, Chief Executive Officer for Pebble Limited Partnership. Prior to this position, Mr. Collier enjoyed a 40-year legal career with Steptoe and Johnson. There, he helped guide companies through the federal environmental permitting process. He has worked on several Alaskan resource projects. In addition to his legal career, Mr. Collier was the Chief of Staff for the U.S. Department of the Interior. Mr. Collier received his bachelor's degree in international relations from the University of Virginia and his law degree from the University of Mississippi.    Our other witness is Senator Rick Halford, former Alaska State Senator and Representative of Trout Unlimited. Senator Halford served for nearly 25 years in the Alaska State Senate with multiple terms as both Senate President and Senate Majority Leader. In addition, he served as an RNC Committeeman for Alaska and earned a Defender of Freedom Award from the NRA. Prior to joining the Alaska State Senate, Senator Halford was a float plane pilot, and he earned his bachelor's degree from Alaska Methodist University.    We welcome you both, and appreciate your being here and appreciate your patience as well since we're running a little bit late, and Mr. Collier, if you'll begin?    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Collier.    Senator Halford.    Chairman Smith. Is your mic on? There we go.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Senator Halford.    Instead of recognizing myself first, I'm going to recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Babin, for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Babin.    The gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer, is recognized for his comments.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Beyer.    Mr. Collier--well, first of all, let me recognize myself for questions, and Mr. Collier, would you like to respond?    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Collier.    My next question is this: What are the implications for private property owners of the EPA's regulatory overreach? What are the implications for the private property owners? They're the ones to me that ought to be most concerned.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Collier.    My last question goes to the appearance that taxpayers' dollars were actually used to lobby against Pebble Mine. I'm going to ask you what evidence we have of that, but I also, as a way to emphasize the significance of it, want to read to members of the Committee an excerpt from 18 U.S. Code paragraph 1913, lobbying with appropriated monies. ``No part of the money appropriated by any act of Congress shall be used directly or indirectly to pay for any personal service, advertisement, telegram, telephone, letter, printed or written matter, or other device intended or designed to influence in any manner a Member of Congress, a jurisdiction, or an official of any government to favor, adopt, or oppose, by vote or otherwise, any legislation, law, ratification, policy,'' and so forth. The penalties for doing so are fines that range from $10,000 to $100,000 for each individual violation of that law.    Would you like to comment on that?    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Collier. Just to reassure you and others, we will be continuing our investigation into whether or not the anti-lobbying statute was violated.    I thank you.    The next person up is the gentlewoman from Oregon, Ms. Bonamici.    Chairman Smith. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Bonamici.    The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Weber, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Weber.    The gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Westerman, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Westerman.    The gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Palmer.    The gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Loudermilk, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. True.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Loudermilk.    We have no other Members who want to ask questions.    Senator Halford, yes?    Chairman Smith. Yes.    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Right.    Chairman Smith. I just wish they'd followed proper process and--anyway, Mr. Collier, anything you want to clarify?    Chairman Smith. Okay. All set. Thank you both for your testimony today. It was very, very helpful. And we stand adjourned.