    Ms. GREENE. Thank you, Chairman Radewagen, Ranking Member Moulton, members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify. It really is an honor to be here today.    I am going to base my testimony largely on that as an entrepreneurship educator, but also as the owner of a small business, a store in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.    I am also very pleased with the topic of the hearing today. As much of the public discussion around entrepreneurship and technology is really driven on a very thin slice of actual businesses in the United States, those that use or sell technology, and I would like to focus today that we are also looking at the other side of the equation. How do small businesses use and benefit from technology?    If we consider that fewer than 10 percent of all U.S. businesses have more than four employees, we are a country of microbusinesses. There are 25 million businesses that fit into this territory of how do we actually learn again and use about this. The fact that apps can be helpful I take as a given. The question is how? How do these small businesses get access to the apps? How do they learn about them? How do they integrate them into their actual operation so that they can be tools for productivity?    For evidence, I am going to use a couple different things. One is a piece of research that was done last year by AT&T with the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, and finding that 94 percent of the polled small businesses use smartphone technology, two-thirds of them are using mobile apps, and they do save up to 150 hours each. However--and I think this is an important however--73 percent of them are using them for social media and marketing; only 18 percent of them are using them for point of sale, those types of activities; and only 18 percent of them are currently using apps to improve their operations. There is a huge opportunity to work with our small businesses.    The rest of my evidence I am really going to draw from the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses Program. This is a half billion dollar initiative to help small businesses. We currently operate in 13 sites across the country in some of the territories, and we are working with businesses that do have at least four employees, so they are growth-oriented countries. The companies today reflect over $3 billion in revenues.    The important part about that is the diversity of the businesses and the diversity of the people. So for the businesses, no single industry represents more than 10 percent of the businesses in the program, the professional services is 34 percent. Everybody else is under 10 percent. And the business owners are important, too, in thinking about who is actually using the technology tools. The median age in the 10,000 Small Businesses is 46 years old. The range goes from 22 to 75. And please remember that these are, by definition, growth-oriented businesses fairly split as to gender with 46 percent of the businesses are owned by women and a very broad array of educational backgrounds ranging from some high school, possibly a GED, to multiple graduate degrees. So when we are thinking about who is using apps in growing their businesses, we are looking at all kinds of people in all kinds of businesses.    Within the program, we teach about technology in three different ways. The first one really is it is embedded into the curriculum, so we actually do have teaching notes for our teams to use as to how do they expand and learn about technology. We work with peer learning, so how do they actually learn from each other, which is a huge way to learn about apps, and we also have a tech clinic where we actually teach them not about the apps themselves but about how do I identify what technology is available, how do you evaluate it, how do you know what to pay for it, and most importantly, how do I bring it back into my company and teach others how to use it?    The app technology piece is really probably the most critical question in the how to use it. So the pricing is rarely the big challenge. It really is about a fear of inappropriate adoption. If I bring it in, will it work? And what is the cost if it does not work for me to have to go back, as these businesses generally have a very slim margin for errors.    The question of app is also related to how they train their employees, and within the 10,000 Small Businesses, we have got 86.4 percent of the business owners report that they are providing on-the-job training, and again, these are very small companies with 62.6 percent using some version of online learning. Again, another opportunity for apps in general.    I would like to close with one short example actually from a woman in another Massachusetts, Victoria Amador, of Tremendous Maids, who basically learned about an app to organize communication across her company from another person in the program. She reports that using--in this case she is talking about Google Voice--saves her thousands of dollars. He recommended to her when they met during the online portion and therefore, she becomes an example of using technology to enable working with others to learn about technology.    Thank you very much.    Chairwoman RADEWAGEN. And now Ms. Gray.    Ms. GREENE. I think there are two parts to that. The first is knowing what is out there. They do know about a lot of the social media, but especially in underserved areas, I am finding that they only know about a small slice of what is really possible. So just knowing what is actually possible. And then the second is being able to undertake what they do see as a risk of incorporating this because they are afraid of getting it wrong, they do not have a lot of resources available to correct mistakes, and they think they may be doing okay as they go and not necessarily seeing the opportunity of what they could really accomplish with using these new types of tools.    Chairwoman RADEWAGEN. Mr. Barrett, could you please elaborate on the impact your business in particular has had on the state and local community at your location in Michigan? How did you choose this location?    Ms. GREENE. I think that is a difficult one from a policy perspective on how do you drive peer learning. The part I would probably go to comes back to my experience working with the SBDCs and the SBA, in making sure that there are arenas in those funded parts of the program where these kinds of programs can happen. Probably the most important part of that though is to make sure that anyone that teaches in any kind of program that is supported by the government actually does understand technology, is able to teach about technology, and age cannot be an excuse. These programs are really for everyone, so no matter the age of the instructor or the student, there has to be an openness there to try new things.    Chairwoman RADEWAGEN. Thank you.    And now I yield to Ranking Member Moulton.    Ms. GREENE. I think Mr. Barrett covered that quite well. There are two ways to look at that in entrepreneurship, too. There is a long history of certain immigrant groups also being very strong in creating businesses. Not all immigrant groups but certainly quite a few of them. So not only for the best and the brightest coming in, and I think there are a lot of best and brightest here, too, that they can all work together with, but also looking at who is going to start and grow the next round of businesses comes into play as well.    The woman that I mentioned from Massachusetts as an example of using apps actually is an immigrant to the United States and has received several awards as an immigrant-owned business.