    Mr. Wheeler. Mr. Chairman, it is a privilege to be here. Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Pallone.    The color facts speak for themselves, sir.    I have a prepared statement in the record, and I look forward to discussing a vast array of topics that have been suggested here today.    Let me begin by applauding this body and the House for the bipartisan passage of H.R. 2583. We understand the process reforms that you seek, and we will comply with the law.    Briefly today, let me focus on three topics that only Congress can resolve and pledge to work with this committee in addressing them.    As I have said every time that I have been here, we have a crisis in bringing public safety communications into the digital era. We all mourn the events in Paris and the tragedy that happened there, but it reminds us of the need for constant preparedness and vigilance.    When September 11 happened in this country, we discovered problems with the interoperability among our first responders, and Congress stepped up to address that. Mr. Pallone's new proposal that he just spoke about reminds us of the need to improve network resiliency in disasters.    And there is another lurking problem, and that is the difficulty of our 6,800 public safety answering points, our 911 operators, and the difficulty they are having adopting the next generation, the digital generation, of 911 capabilities. They risk becoming analog islands in a digital sea. The current systems are costly to operate and with limited capabilities compared to digital. The transition is expensive. It requires new equipment and new systems. It requires running redundant analog and digital during the conversion.    There needs to be a national solution, national coordination, and national help to find the funds, perhaps from future auctions. It is worthy of public hearings, I would urge, Mr. Chairman, to illuminate the issue and the potential solutions, and we would look forward to working with the committee in that regard.    Secondly, this committee has taken really important steps on infrastructure construction, and more opportunities await. There are really three goals. When you look at infrastructure, there are really three goals. How do you provide for clarity, consistency, and completion--the three C's of infrastructure.    Insofar as clarity is concerned, today, court decisions decide infrastructure policy. Congress should decide infrastructure policy. You know, we need policy on activities that are deemed normally not to have significant impact on the environment. We need to eliminate the need for permits on technology upgrades without negative effects. We need to have the presumption that one commercial approval works for others; you don't have to have repetitive approvals. And we need to address the challenge in the Clean Water Act that says that when you dig up a street to replace the sewer you are prohibited by law from laying fiber. It just doesn't make any sense. Talk about ``dig once.''    Insofar as consistency, only Congress can streamline the siting of facilities on Federal lands. There are just too many agencies with too many diverse processes to do serially.    And on the question of completion, there needs to be certainty in the decisions. The reality is that appeals from the shot clock--we establish a shot clock, and then it goes to court in appeals, and it just delays the process further. One example of a solution was recently passed in the State of California, where the California law says that if a decision is not made within the shot clock it is deemed granted.    So clarity, consistency, and completion are the goals we need to focus on for infrastructure, and we looked forward to working with you on those.    And, finally, I know that this committee is concerned about pirate radio. During my tenure, we have taken 280 enforcement actions against pirate radio. That is in the last 2 years. Commissioner O'Rielly has been a real leader in keeping us focused on this. We are working with the NAB on a joint task force on pirate radio.    But we need more tools. We are playing Whack-a-Mole right now. Every time a station pops up, we whack it. We need to have consequences for those who facilitate those stations popping up, the landlords who look the other way because helping pirates is risk-free. Congress could make it illegal to aid or abet pirate radio operations, and, in the process, denying them the opportunity to operate in this way would be a significant means of thwarting the continued growth of pirate radio.    On these and all other issues, we look forward to working with this committee. And I thank you for the opportunity to be here.    Mr. Wheeler. Oh, my goodness.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, I think the first thing that I clearly don't need to remind this committee----    Mr. Wheeler . That we are----    Mr. Wheeler . Independent----    Mr. Wheeler. You knew it.    Mr. Wheeler. And it is hard not to believe in cost-benefit analysis.    Mr. Wheeler. And the purpose of rulemakings is to conduct that kind of cost-benefit analysis and to discover, through the advocacy process, what are the costs----    Mr. Wheeler . And what are the benefits and make a decision on it.    Mr. Wheeler. So, Mr. Chairman, I have not specifically looked at the Executive order you referenced. Let me take a look at it, and I will be happy to get a response to you.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I think that the issue here is the difference between a law enforcement activity and a policy deliberation. And in the law enforcement side of things, you are dealing with sensitive information, you are dealing with information that can move markets, you are dealing with a presumption of innocence, that somebody's name gets dragged through the press----    Mr. Wheeler . But let me----    Mr. Wheeler. It is not my understanding that that is the case, sir, that the law enforcement activities have always been----    Mr. Wheeler. They are all law enforcement, yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, thank you, Ms. Eshoo.    Just last week, we closed a comment period in which we were asking for responses to the DSTAC report that Mr. Latta had referenced, and I think we need to then decide what we do to go on from there.    You know, I was reading section 629 this morning in anticipation it might be a topic. And I note that it specifically says that the Congress is telling the FCC to ``assure,'' quote/unquote, the availability of competitive navigation devices.    So we are going to get the comments in. We had a really fulsome DSTAC process. It produced two separate reports. We put both of those out for comments. The comments closed last week. We will review them and decide what happens next.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Ms. Blackburn.    I think the first reality here is that AllVid was an idea from half a dozen years ago. The world has moved on substantially since then.    As I indicated to Ms. Eshoo, the goal of DSTAC was to address exactly the question that you raise. And there were strong opinions on both sides. And the conclusions, the comments on it have just been filed.    I can assure you that it is no one's goal to thwart the security that protects the sanctity of copyrights and that we will review the record that has been developed accordingly.    Mr. Wheeler. We have to protect copyright, madam.    Mr. Wheeler. I am unaware, but you just gave me a new piece of information. I had not seen that video, nor had I heard a report of this presentation.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes. We all voted on that experiment. And the question is, are there alternative ways to get broadband delivery in rural areas? We have a crisis in terms of broadband in rural America----    Mr. Wheeler. The issue is we are currently subsidizing one group of people who build fiber. And so the question was, ``should there be tests of others who also build fiber, such as electric co-ops, and whether they can provide service where it is not being provided?'' That is what this test was about.    Mr. Wheeler. That is what the test is about. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. There are huge areas----    Mr. Wheeler . Of our country that are not being served by broadband.    Mr. Wheeler. No, I think our responsibility, I hope, is to make sure that we are using funds to expand the reach of broadband and to do so creatively.    Mr. Wheeler. So we have had a 911 network resiliency proceeding which we completed, and we continue to work on the other resiliency issues. I think that your legislation is helping to focus on these issues and will provide some more responsibilities to follow through on.    Mr. Wheeler. Great.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you very much, Mr. Pallone.    The software packages are being developed over time, and are virtually all completed at this point. They are being run through an internal red team process; an outside, third-party, break-it process, if you will.    And then, specifically to your question, we will be having trials and mock auctions, where it will be tested ultimately by those who are going to use it.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir. This has been an effort that Commissioner O'Rielly and I have both been working on, and he has particularly been the cattle prod on the activity.    But, as I said in my statement, it is Whack-a-Mole right now. They pop up, we jump on them, they pop up, we jump on them, but they just move to the next place.    Landlords turn a blind eye to this. If there was a way that we could go and say to the landlords, ``Excuse me, you have some liability in this decision, as well.'' They just see it as income--``Hey, I have somebody that is going to start paying me money for this space. I will rent it out to them.'' If they understood that there were consequences from that kind of enabling and illegal act, I think that would be very helpful.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Mr. Barton.    As you have done, we cannot underestimate the challenge here. I am not sure that our authority extends to picking and choosing among Web sites, but I do think there are specific things that we can do. As you----    Mr. Wheeler. One of the issues here is the question of ``What is a lawful intercept?'' is something that the Congress can define. You did it in CALEA. Things have moved on since then. You know, you read in the press that they were using PlayStation 4 games to communicate, which is outside the scope of anything ever considered in CALEA. So there are probably opportunities to update the lawful intercept concept.    I think there is also a question about the security of our networks. There have been 17 fiber cuts in the Bay Area in the last few months mysteriously happening. There were two fiber cuts yesterday, not in the Bay Area but elsewhere in the country. We need to have some kind of a big-data capability of determining what is happening to our network out there. Because it is not just people getting on the network; it is, perhaps, people doing things to the network.    We have the only reporting system in the Nation that we run, called the Network Outage Reporting System, NORS. We don't have the ability to use that to go for big data, to have big-data analysis. It is barely holding together with baling wire and glue because it is using ancient technology. We have been asking for appropriations to upgrade that.    I know the appropriation process is still underway, and I know it is not this committee, but this experience has called out the importance of network security. And if we can't connect the dots--you know, after 9/11, we kept hearing about ``We couldn't connect the dots, we couldn't connect the dots.'' We have the ability inside our systems to use big data to connect the dots, but we don't have----    Mr. Wheeler . The capacity to do it.    Mr. Wheeler. It is a capital ``Yes,'' sir.    Mr. Wheeler. I look forward to them, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, I think the answer to the first is ``no,'' and the answer is ``increase'' in the second.    You know, one of the things that gets lost in this issue is we call it ``special access.'' Boy, there is a term that doesn't say anything. What we are talking about is services that are necessary for competition. We ought to start calling these ``competitive services.''    Because you can't have cell densification, which makes wireless networks work better, without backhaul, which requires this special access. You can't have the Internet of Things in 5G built out. It is going to do nothing but expand the need for this, let alone the kind of competitive services you were talking about that increases service opportunity by competitive providers and lowers costs.    So I think we ought to call it what it is. This is services that are essential for competition.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, thank you, Congressman.    I think there are two parts to that. One is you always want to have this enhanced review because that, in itself, is putting a stake in the ground, if you will.    Secondly, it is a review. And so the question becomes ``Is there a legitimate application that overcomes that stake in the ground?'' In this particular instance, which involves some rural broadband, some rural spectrum for AT&T, the Commission reached the decision that, yes, on the merits, this would be enhancing to service to consumers.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman.    Yes, this is a bipartisan effort. We have a bipartisan working group of three of us up here--Commissioner O'Rielly, Commissioner Clyburn, and myself--who are working on a rate-of-return carrier reform package that we hope to have on the floor of the Commission next month.    Mr. Wheeler. A lot of people have focused on a December date that we had talked about in a Senate hearing. We are not going to be controlled by the calendar, but we want to get this done quickly.    The key issue here is whether or not we are going to make sure that the money is spent for the expansion of broadband. Because that is what your consumers want. They say, ``How do I get broadband further out into my areas?''    There are some proposals that are put forth that are called fixes to this that say, ``OK, we will send the money out, but there is no requirement that it actually expand broadband.''    Mr. Wheeler. And our group, the three of us, are working to say, ``How do we make sure that we have money that is going out to rural areas that will result in expansion of broadband service?''    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Shimkus.    Mr. Wheeler. I mean, there are several things. One--I will be--watch how fast.    One is that we did pass a rule that false rings, which is what was going on, are no longer allowed.    Secondly, we heard a lot about enforcement today. We have moved against three major carriers who were allowing this to happen. We just finished with Verizon, for instance, with a $2 million fine and a requirement that they do $3 million to fix the situation because they knew it was going on, and they did nothing about it.    So, yes, sir, we are trying to be aggressive on this front.    Mr. Wheeler. We are----    Mr. Wheeler. On the call completion, we are completing that. And to the extent that there is nonconfidential data, it will be on the record.    Mr. Wheeler. I have been working on it for 18 months. The reality here is that it was signed yesterday, it became effective yesterday, and that----    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you very much, Ms. Matsui.    I totally agree on the importance of local community broadcasting and why it has to remain after the auction.    Here is how it works. We had 36 months that the statute said before you have to move off after getting money. Then we put 3 months in for construction permits, which is how you got to 39 months.    Now, the interesting thing is that the National Association of Broadcasters, in our proceedings, said, ``Oh, we only need 30 months.'' But, be that as it may, what we would do in this kind of a situation that you outlined is to have an extension. I mean, there is a 6-month extension at least that you can get on this that we will be able to work through.    This is not a drop-off-the-edge-of-the-table situation for anybody. As we see that things are approaching the edge of the table, there are solutions that can be taken.    But at the same point in time, those who are bidding on spectrum need to know that there is some certainty that they are going to get it, or else it doesn't have any value to them. And so we look at 39 months, we look at the extension, we look at certainty, and I think we can work it out.    Mr. Wheeler. I think we can work with them, yes.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congresswoman.    As Commissioner Rosenworcel just indicated, we just developed in this proposed rulemaking for 28 GHz, 37 GHz, and 39 GHz bands, as well as for 64 GHz to 71 GHz for unlicensed purposes. And we did that in a timely manner so that we could go to the World Radio Conference in Geneva, which is being held right now, and get a leg up, if you will, on advocating our position to the world.    Mr. Wheeler. So that was step one. We will close this rulemaking by the summer, clearly. And I have also committed to my colleagues that we will also open a new rulemaking on additional spectrum up in the higher bands.    Mr. Wheeler. We have missed fall, Mr. Lance. And----    Mr. Wheeler. And it is, I think, because of the significance of the issue. We have long had responsibility for privacy issues. And how that maps over into the IP world is something that I hope we will be able to begin to surface in proposals early next year.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    As a matter of fact, next week, I am meeting with a coordinating group of the heads of all of the independent agencies of the government--Nuclear Regulatory Commission, FTC, FERC, the whole group--where we are coordinating our policies.    And the approach that we have taken at the FCC is one of the models that is being talked about across all agencies, which is, how do you work with a multistakeholder group inside your industry to come up with processes that are both self-reviewing and self-enforcing, with the involvement of the agency, and how do we do that across the board?    The financial industry has been very successful in doing that. We are successfully now underway on that, and we will be continuing to work with other agencies.    Mr. Wheeler. I would hope so, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. I am not sure what you mean by ``a knee-jerk reaction.''    Mr. Wheeler. So, it is interesting. I was having a discussion with Ms. Matsui, who I see has left, before the hearing that--one of the things that I have found my 2 years in this job is that the regulatory process--because it provides for so much diverse input from so many different parties--is a slow process. So I think that that tends to mitigate the kind of knee jerk you are talking about.    And the fact that there wouldn't be lots of opinions heard, I think, is not a reality that exists, as the Administrative Procedure Act set out our procedures.    Mr. Wheeler. Could I----    Mr. Wheeler. A.    Mr. Wheeler. Let me say that we worked with the attorney general of Texas on that $353 million settlement. It was billions of dollars that were crammed onto the bills of millions of subscribers across the country. And of that $353 million, some went back to the State of Texas, as the AG insisted, and to other States. But $267 million went back into the pockets of consumers who had been bilked because they were charged for things they did not buy.    That is rational enforcement. That is the kind of job I think that all consumers expect us to be doing. Millions of people, billions of dollars, done in conjunction with all 50 State AGs.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you. I think we have the responsibility and the authority as granted in the act.    And the interesting thing, what we are hearing here is, so we have 19 notices of apparent liability this year. The average annual notice of apparent liabilities by the last Republican administration of the FCC was an average of 215 a year.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you.    The other thing that is key to know about that MOU is that it replaced the previous MOU. This is not some unique relationship.    Mr. Wheeler. And so what we have always tried to do is to say, OK, what are the lanes, and where do we cooperate? Because our authorities abut with these other. And I think we have an excellent working relationship with the FTC, and we were able to codify it in this MOU.    Mr. Wheeler. So, for instance, on the issue of the cramming that was discussed a moment ago, the $353 million fine, we have worked with the FTC on that. It is clear that the FTC has authority over the non-common-carrier----    Mr. Wheeler . Activity of common carriers.    Mr. Wheeler. FTC has authority over the----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. So, for instance, they have authority over non-common-carrier activities of common carriers.    Mr. Wheeler. So, thank you, Congresswoman.    The comment period on the recommendations of the DSTAC report ended last week. I don't know if this was an issue that was raised in the comments. I would suspect so. And we have not fully worked through those comments.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, I would hope that I was not giving an impression that they are untrustworthy. As Commissioner Clyburn said, they are briefed every 2 weeks by the Enforcement Bureau as to----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. We didn't develop them. They developed them. What we did was provide a coordinating body. This was a multistakeholder process where everybody sat down and put together the best heads and said, what are the kind of processes that we all need to make sure that we have in place, and how do we monitor those processes so that we know, are they being done, A, and, B, as you just suggested, the hackers are always working ways around, and how do we keep up with that.    Mr. Wheeler. We have not issued them, sir. It is not a regulatory tool.    Mr. Wheeler. No, let me----    Mr. Wheeler. We have a process that was developed in conjunction with--it is not developed as a rule, OK? It is flexible. It is designed to be flexible----    Mr. Wheeler . For the very reasons you are talking about.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, sir.    Because of the fact that you don't want a situation where regulation is encouraging the people who are currently using competitive facilities to not be able to have equivalents.    So if I am selling a service to you and it is based on copper and suddenly the carrier decides, I am taking the copper out or shutting it down, I need to be able to continue to provide a service to you. And so, if that migrates over into fiber and IP, I ought to still be able to have a relationship with that carrier so that I can continue to provide the service to you.    Mr. Wheeler. But nobody is saying that you should stay in a business you don't want to be in. What the rule says is that you can't shut somebody off without offering them the same kind of service in your new technology.    Mr. Wheeler. Which has been the rule forever.    Mr. Wheeler. That is in 214.    Mr. Wheeler. Section 214----    Mr. Wheeler. Section 214----    Mr. Wheeler. Section 214 has been the bedrock of telecommunications policy for the last 80 years.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. We have an investigation going on to find out, with the representations that have been made along the way as they filed for increases in power and other kinds of things. We learned about it through the Reuters report, just as you did.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. So, first of all, I understand the reporting-to-a-higher-authority challenge that you face.    And, you know, the interesting thing that is going on, I can't answer specifically--and I will get something for the record for you--but the interesting thing that we are now seeing is that there is actually a decrease in the number of ads on most of the major networks right now, as they are feeling the pressure from online competition and people not wanting to sit through ads.    And that is the marketplace operating, and that is an encouraging thing. I am not sure what an agency's role should be in saying there should be this many ads, but----    Mr. Wheeler. Oh, the sound. Oh.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, Commissioner Clyburn has just passed me a note saying----    Mr. Wheeler. I would be happy to get back to you on that.    Mr. Wheeler. I don't know that off the top of my head.    Mr. Wheeler. I can get you----    Mr. Wheeler. I don't know that it exists.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. No, I think that this was a question of what is a logical way of doing it----    Mr. Wheeler. I am an IT guy, too. I agree.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir. And we built in, and it was wrong.    Mr. Wheeler. But I must say----    Mr. Wheeler . I think that our staff is fabulous----    Mr. Wheeler. I am sorry, do we have----    Mr. Wheeler. On our----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, we have a policy.    Mr. Wheeler. I believe so, that it said use it in your official capacity.    Mr. Wheeler. No, I believe so. And I believe that the counsel is to use it appropriately in your official capacity.    Mr. Wheeler. This is a question of the use of FCC facilities for unofficial activities----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. You are supposed to have--you are using this for official purposes. I believe that there have been actions taken against some employees who didn't. I believe that there have been Office of Inspector General inspections in some situations and that people have lost their jobs.    Mr. Wheeler. No, sir, I haven't seen those.    Mr. Wheeler. I was not either, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. I was unaware of that situation, Congressman. I do think that it is unnecessary to put those kind of riders on the Appropriations----    Mr. Wheeler. I was unaware of the situation----    Mr. Wheeler . It is not hard to figure out how to draft it. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. I am not sure I understand the question, that this is----    Mr. Wheeler. Right.    Mr. Wheeler. So, thank you, Congressman.    Mr. Wheeler. AllVid was a half-a-dozen-years-ago kind of approach. I know people like to characterize what is going on as the resurgence of AllVid.    What we did was to have a report that dealt with the security issues involved in fulfilling our section 629 responsibilities. And the comments on that just closed last week.    Mr. Wheeler. I am unaware, having not been through the comments yet or seen a briefing on the comments, of the kind of issues that you have raised having been raised in the comments, but I will certainly look for them.    Mr. Wheeler. So, as I said to Ms. Blackburn, one of the reasons that you had the security discussion to begin with was the protection of copyrights so that the kind of situation you talk about wouldn't happen.    Mr. Wheeler. I think we want to make sure--the question is--so there are online over-the-top services coming through on the Internet part of the cable that comes into your house. The question then becomes, on the cable part of the cable, if you will, what is the impact of the set-top box?    And the important thing--because I know this committee is very interested in making sure that there is no thwarting of innovation through regulation. And we share that, as well. One of the questions that I hope was addressed--and I look forward to the comments--is what is the impact of the set-top box on thwarting the kind of opportunities for consumers that I think you were just talking about.    Mr. Wheeler. So, yes, it is on track. And, thanks to Commissioner Clyburn for the work that she has been doing, Commissioner Rosenworcel and her calling us out constantly on the homework gap, we are going to address those problems.    And I think that if you look at the kind of capacity that can be bought at that kind of price, that what we want to do is give people the opportunity to do that and to exercise their own choices along the way, as well.    Mr. Wheeler. Consumers should have choices.    Mr. Wheeler. It is important.    Mr. Wheeler. So, obviously, it is a hypothetical at this point in time----    Mr. Wheeler . And you would want to know what the realities of the situation are. The $1.75 billion is a number that set by the committee, and we will adhere to that. There is----    Mr. Wheeler. So we are limited to $1.75 billion. One of the challenges of the whole auction is it is an auction, and you don't know what the result is going to be.    Mr. Wheeler. And so we could sit here and hypothesize----    Mr. Wheeler. I am sorry, what?    Mr. Wheeler. And what that means is you have to be ready to be able to deal with the issue should it arise.    Mr. Wheeler. And that includes maybe coming back to Congress and saying, hey, there were some judgment calls here that didn't work out. And so, that may be----    Mr. Wheeler. So, actually, I think that the broadcasters--I don't want to get in the situation where you are picking and choosing.    Mr. Wheeler. That is not the job of this agency.    Mr. Wheeler. I do want to be in a situation of adhering to the law, which says 1.75.    Mr. Wheeler. And if that means we have to come back and say to the committee, hey, it didn't work and here are the facts--but I haven't got those facts to give you now.    Mr. Wheeler. No.    Mr. Wheeler. No. And the interesting thing is we have a 6-month extension that is provided for now. And the other thing that is fascinating to us is that, when the NAB participated in this, they told us they would only need 30 months.    Mr. Wheeler. And, we are all learning as this process goes on.    Mr. Wheeler. This is clearly no one's goal.    Mr. Wheeler. I understand, Congressman.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, thank you. And, as I said, we have been following the processes that have been in place for the Commission for years and years and years. There are actually fewer notices of apparent liability that have been issued than when Commissioner Pai was in the General Counsel's Office. So there have been some changes in that regard.    We want to make sure the Commissioners continue to get briefed on a regular basis, as they always have. And we want to recognize that there are certain things that are law enforcement activities and certain things that are policy activities.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman.    Yes, 25 down and 3 megabits up is what we call table stakes, and it is available today to about 80 percent of the population. The problem is it is not available to 20 percent of the population, and how do we get there.    So, first, you have to have universal service reform that makes sure that money is being spent to expand broadband. And then, secondly, you have to recognize that this is a growing process, that the most expensive part of building broadband is laying the fiber. After that, it is all electronics, and the cost actually declines.    So how do we get broadband, good broadband, but not what we would like to see across the board, out first? And that is what we are saying. So we will support 10/1 as a minimum. But a lot of people are building more. I was at the NTCA convention and met a gentleman from North Dakota who said that he serves 14,000 square miles, has 4,000 subscribers, and he has fiber to the home.    Mr. Wheeler. I am sorry, I didn't understand what you were saying at the end. Whoever sees----    Mr. Wheeler. There should be uniform expectation of privacy, yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, as you say, we have said that we will not regulate edge providers. And the FTC has moved with its own set of guidelines. The administration has its white paper. And I expect that what we do will be operating within those same kind of concepts so that there is some parity along the way.    Mr. Wheeler. No, we will not be regulating the edge providers differently.    Mr. Wheeler. We will not.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman.    STELA also required the Commission to begin a proceeding on retransmission consent negotiations. Exclusivity is an issue that factors into that. I think that is the appropriate place to address it.    Mr. Wheeler. For 16 gig? We are looking----    Mr. Wheeler. We are looking at all of the above-3-gig spectrum. I believe that we will----    Mr. Wheeler. Megahertz?    Mr. Wheeler. Sorry. I thought you were talking about the upper band.    I can't answer that question specifically, sir, and give you a time. I will be happy to get back to you.    Mr. Wheeler. We certainly agree with the importance of doing that.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congresswoman.    There has been a lot of talk today about AllVid, which is a half-dozen years old and apparently somebody has wanted to resurrect.    We have just finished a comment period on the DSTAC requirement that was in STELA. It was finished last week. The making of conclusions from that is premature.    We believe that section 629 says to us that we have the responsibility to assure that there is competitive choice in terms of navigation devices. DSTAC had several approaches as to how to do that. The decision about where you go from there is one that we have not yet made because the comments just closed last week.    Mr. Wheeler. It is also possible there could be no devices needed and there would be a reduction in cost. I mean, that is the interesting thing that we have to----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. I agree with you, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. So do I.    Mr. Wheeler. Because the reality is, as I said in my statement, Congressman, there have been 280 enforcement actions that we have taken in the last 2 years under my chairmanship. And we have a joint task force that we are working with the NAB on this.    And I suggested in my testimony that there were also some additional steps that Congress could take to help us deal with the landlords, because they are the ones who are facilitating this. And the pirate radio folks, you shut them down, they thumb their nose at you, and they go someplace else.    Mr. Wheeler. I would be, too.    Mr. Wheeler. I would be, too.    Mr. Wheeler. We will fix that.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you for asking. Let me see if I can tick them off real fast.    Mr. Wheeler. TTY. It is really interesting. AT&T asked for a waiver. We granted them the waiver. We called them and said, ``We are going to grant you the waiver.''    They followed the next day with a letter saying, ``Why haven't you granted us the waiver? And, by the way, what about our competitors on this?''    We went back to them, and we said, ``Would you file a complaint so we can see if it is appropriate to take enforcement?''    Mr. Wheeler. They didn't want us to do that.    And, secondly, on over-the-top, we have started a rulemaking on that. The purpose of rulemakings is to learn. We learned the vast number of things that are developing very rapidly. And we have not moved forward on that notice of proposed rulemaking. And I don't see, until the situation changes, that we would.    And I forget your third.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I also want to commend the Commission and Commissioner Clyburn, in particular, for the capping on the predatory phone rates for our inmates across the country.    But I wanted to ask the Commission in general, I want to raise a question and raise an issue that is affecting my city, Chicago, other urban areas all across the Nation, and this is on the issue of urban violence.    There have been 2,587 shootings and 435 murders in Chicago so far this year--more than L.A. And New York City combined. And it is well-known that these gang leaders who are primarily perpetrating this violence, that they are using social media to advance their agendas and their conflicts.    Knowing that the FCC has limited jurisdiction over Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, is there anything within the realm of public safety that the FCC can use to help address and curtail this violence? Can and will the FCC add its important voice, its stature, to this dynamic discussion?    Mr. Wheeler. Mr. Rush, the situation that you describe is, as you say, tragic. It is not dissimilar to what Mr. Barton raised a moment ago with regard to terrorist threats and terrorists using social media.    We do not have jurisdiction over Facebook and all the other edge providers. We do not intend to assert jurisdiction over them. And I don't believe that they are--as legitimate as your concern is, I don't believe that we have the jurisdiction to do the kind of thing that you suggest.    Mr. Rush. That means that you don't think that the FCC could weigh in on this in any way?    Mr. Wheeler. I am happy to use the bully pulpit. I am happy to talk to Mark Zuckerberg and others to raise this issue and to say, hey, this is important kind of thing, we need to be in this together. But we don't have regulatory authority.    Mr. Rush. I am not seeking regulatory.    Mr. Wheeler. OK.    Mr. Rush. I would grant you that I don't believe that you have jurisdiction. But I think that there is a bully pulpit, that you and others may be able to address this issue. I am not trying--I don't want to----    Mr. Wheeler. I will call Mark Zuckerberg this afternoon to raise the issue that you have raised and the issue that Mr. Barton has raised. And I am sure that he is concerned about it, as well, and he will have some thoughts.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman.    Typically, an LOI, a letter of inquiry, is sent when there is a belief that this is and they are seeking information to find out whether that belief is factual.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you.    There have been multiple actions that we have brought against hotel chains because what they have been doing is jamming the signals of people like you and me in order----    Mr. Wheeler. I am certain we have brought these actions and that is what was going on and that what has happened is that they have been forcing people to buy services from them instead of using the licensed services that we have authorized. And section 333 of the act says that we have a responsibility to protect the licensed services that we authorize. And----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. It is an appropriate service of the agency.    And so I am unfamiliar with exactly the specifics that you are talking about here, but if there is a letter of inquiry that was sent out, I would imagine that there have been some indications of difficulties and WiFi access being blocked in contravention of the law.