    Ms. Kelly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I too look forward to working with you over the next year and a half.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing on cybersecurity threats faced by the private sector. As you just said, the announcement of the attack against Blue Cross reminds us that no company is immune from cyber attacks and data breaches.    Sophisticated companies such as Sony, Home Depot, Target, Anthem and USIS were all targeted and breached by cyber attackers. The most recent attack against Anthem, one of the Nation's leading health insurers, resulted in an attack on up to 80 million personal records of customers and employees.    That attack is particularly disturbing because, as I pointed out in an article I wrote in Roll Call last month, medical identity theft represents a new norm in cyber crime. The real victims of cyber crime are the employees and customers whose sensitive personal information is stolen and used by cyber thieves in other crimes.    Cyber theft of social security numbers, birth dates and sensitive medical information puts individuals at heightened risk of crimes such as financial fraud and tax refund fraud.    Corporations collect and utilize a lot of personal information about their customers and employees. It is imperative that those businesses employ more effective means to safeguard it.    I look forward to hearing from today's witnesses about best practices they are recommending to help their members protect against cyber attacks and mitigate any damage from data breaches.    Today's hearing is also a recognition of the fact that the Federal Government and private sector must work more effectively together to thwart cyber crime.    I also look forward to hearing from today's witnesses about what government can do to help protect businesses and consumers from future cyber attacks and data breaches.    It is worth noting that the President recently issued a series of new initiatives to improve cyber security information sharing between the government and private sector to better assist in thwarting cyber attacks. I applaud him for that but Congress needs to do more.    Thank you again, Mr. Chairman. I yield the balance of my time.    Ms. Kelly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In a survey of health care providers published last year, the Ponemon Institute found ``90 percent of health care organizations in the study have had at least one data breach in the past 2 years.''    A New York Times article that was published stated, ``Health organizations like Anthem are likely to be vulnerable targets because they have been slower to adopt measures like keeping personal information in separate data bases that can be closed off in an attack. They are generally less secure than financial services companies with the same type of customer data.''    Mr. Nutkis, as the CEO of an organization that works with many leading health care organizations to improve their data security, what are the most pressing challenges the industry faces when it comes to securing the personal data of its patients from cyber thieves?    Ms. Kelly. Would you cite the reasons you just shared with us for the health care industry being technologically behind other industries because of where the focus has been and the resources have gone?    Ms. Kelly. What would be your key recommendations for improving the apparent security vulnerabilities?    Ms. Kelly. How can Congress help you? How can we be of assistance?    Ms. Kelly. Thank you so much.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Kelly. Mr. Mierzwinski, since not everyone is familiar with the crime of medical identity theft, can you explain to us what it is, how it occurs, and then what type of personal information do cyber thieves target when they commit medical identity theft?    Ms. Kelly. Thank you so much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.