    Mr. Woods. Chairman Luetkemeyer, Ranking Member Cleaver, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. My name is Tom Woods, and I am a builder from Blue Springs, Missouri, and the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) chairman of the board. NAHB has a long history of supporting NFIP, and we are committed to ensuring that it remains a viable and affordable program to its policyholders while being mindful of the costs to the American taxpayer.    NAHB commends the subcommittee on addressing this critical issue early in the year, and we look forward to working with you and your colleagues as you contemplate changes to the NFIP to ensure that federally-backed flood insurance remains available, affordable, and financially stable.    The unprecedented losses suffered in 2005 and in 2012, including the devastation brought on by Hurricanes Katrina and Sandy, have severely taxed and threatened the solvency of the     While these events have been tragic and sobering, resulting reforms must not be overreaction to exceptional circumstances.    Instead, reforms should take the form of thoughtful, deliberate, and reasoned solutions. A key step in this process is to take stock of where we are today, what has worked, and what has not.    While the NAHB supports the passage of BW-12 to ensure the continuation of the NFIP, the legislation created unintended consequences that resulted in dramatic flood insurance premium hikes that hurt the sale, construction, and remodeling of homes. The combination of inaccurate mapping into higher risk flood zones, and the immediate shift to full actuarial rates for many homeowners resulted in increases that priced prospective buyers out of their developments and forced the cancellation of sales, harming communities.    HFIAA fixed many of the problems associated with BW-12. It provided that those who were charged higher rates should be refunded for excess premiums, specified that properties should and would continue to pay their grandfathered rates, and repealed the requirement that flood insurance premium increase immediately to full actuarial rates upon the sale of a home. The return to grandfathered rates provided a more affordable rate structure for policyholders. NAHB has estimated that in 2014, because of HFIAA, there was $755 million more in new construction and $361 million a year in additional remodeling.    Any reform efforts need to address the accuracy of the flood insurance rate maps. For flood maps to be fair and accurate, they have to take into account all flood-control structures. Consequently, many properties are incorrectly mapped into flood plains, which results in homeowners being forced to purchase unneeded flood insurance. It typically takes years for those mistakes to be fixed, often requiring a lengthy and costly appeals process for the community, the builder, and the homeowner.    There is an opportunity for home builders or landowners to elevate plots of land out of the flood plain through the letter of map change process. For example, I engaged in a CLOMR-F process in a subdivision I built in Independence, Missouri. It took over 8 months and a quarter of a million dollars for FEMA to approve the map change. In States with short construction seasons, going through the letter of map change process could create devastating costs and delays.    I would like to thank the subcommittee for the opportunity to share NAHB's views. Home builders have long supported commonsense changes to the NFIP, and we urge Congress to continue to support and protect small business owners and homeowners from the exorbitant rate hikes and inaccurate mapping we have seen in the past.    Thank you.    Mr. Woods. I think, number one, again, and not to beat it to death, but the flood maps have to be accurate. Without that, you are at a loss. You can't make that judgment.    The second thing is simply an educational process. Right now, we are working where the only person having to have flood insurance is that person who is within the 1-percent area. And there are a number of answers to that question. Right now, with new construction in those areas or significant remodeling, you are required to move the base elevation of that house above the flood plain by whatever means. And then as you go down through the list, there are others. So I think you do it through education. But I think you have to have the confidence, and the home builder, the city, and the homeowner have to have the confidence that those maps are correct.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to thank all of our panelists who are here today. And I am especially listening to Mr. Woods from Missouri. I am from Missouri, and you have three members on this committee who represent Missouri. And the recent floods, all of the flooding that has taken place in Missouri and in that St. Louis area where rivers converge have caused me great concern as I have been concerned about other areas of this country. And I spent a lot of time after Hurricane Katrina working down there with the residents who were just so harmed by Katrina.    I was part of a problem. Biggert-Waters was not right, and it increased those premiums for homeowners, but I was part of a temporary solution also to fix that. And now, I am interested in a permanent solution.    And I agree with you. If we can't get the mapping right, we won't be able to do the reform that is absolutely needed in this program.    I guess you have already said it, but would you just reiterate how important it is for us to get the maps right? I don't know what it is going to take. I know it is going to take some more resources to do that. It is going to take expertise that should be both public and private, but would you reiterate for us the importance of mapping?    Mr. Woods. Certainly. Without a correct map, all that we do, other than that is really wasted. None of us can guarantee what the outcome will be. But I want you to understand also about the mapping and why it is so important. The map is only good if the local community follows the map. And I will give you an example back to the Independence example. I could move all of my property, in fact, above the 500-year flood plain, simply by constructing some lakes in the area and elevating the rest of the ground. I could contain all of my water onsite. However, the one thing I could not address is waters that were coming to me from other areas.    So it can't be a piecemeal, one-spot area. It has to have the hydraulics in the entire flood plain within it.    The second thing is, I believe there are some tremendous cost savings to be realized. Two points. I, in fact, mapped the flood plain. I, in fact, knew where there were some errors in the flood plain that have existed for years, and yet we have not been able to get them addressed. All right? So I believe that we ought to rely on that data. If accurate, it wouldn't then require a second set of mapping; it would require a review.    And the second thing is--and this may be a novel approach for here, but we need to stop spending all our money suing each other to prove who is right. And, ultimately, I was a winner, but the bottom line is that money could have been well spent to have improved both the mapping and the area if we were working together.    Ms. Waters. If I may just continue, there are some people who believe it is impossible to get this remapping done and that it is going to cost too much money. Some people even question the expertise. But you believe that it can be done, is that right?    Mr. Woods. I believe it can be done if we all work together. I don't think you have to go with where is it important to remap. It is not all that important to, perhaps, remap many areas of the country where there isn't that much exposure. Those areas that have the most population, the most economic drought, those are certainly the ones that should come first. But those are also the areas where you are going to have the help of the home builders, the developers, and perhaps the cities. I think they are all interested in this.    Ms. Waters. So you do believe that the private sector could really help us in getting this remapping done?    Mr. Woods. It could help you, but they are going to have to know that there is an effort from the regulator side to--I am not asking to accept anything that is not right, but I am asking to stop being adversarial throughout this whole process.    Mr. Woods. Just recently, a flood map was adopted in the Little Blue River Basin in Independence, Kansas City; it runs through both cities. And, in fact, we knew there were errors in that map. The cities knew there were errors in that map. The two cities' maps did not match. And the bottom line was I was told, when I asked a question of some people, to FEMA, basically told, ``Why didn't you step up and provide it?'' Number one, in the economic conditions that we are in, I wasn't able to do that. It wasn't worth my time.    But they had that information. In fact, one of the major changes in that flood map was a realignment, a regrading of the Little Blue River, which is the river that would be flooding those grounds for the most part. And that was done by the Corps of Engineers 10, 12 years ago. The changes the Corps made were not reflected in the map, readily available, I would believe.    Second, there was a Federal road project in that area, and during that road project, they took two of the bigger bottlenecks out of the flood plain with some bridges and that kind of thing that they did. Those significantly changed the way that flood plain operated. And that information was readily available from the highway department. But they were still not included because they simply are not playing team ball. And so, those are all very important.    And the last thing was just the way, when we submitted for our Conditional Letter of Map Revision Based on Fill (CLOMR-F), we went out--we did it a little differently. Before we submitted and before we even did the plan, we invited all of the parties to the site, which is about 500 acres, and physically wanted to walk the site with them and show that we could be good stewards; we could improve wetlands; we could stop the flooding; we could enhance the property. And the result wasn't what I expected. We, quite frankly, became a guinea pig instead of--    Mr. Woods. The agency stops him from doing that.    Mr. Woods. I think that--    Mr. Woods. I'm sorry. I think that there are all kinds of economic issues that start to play into this, and elevating may be the solution, but there are other solutions to look at. Would it have been less expensive, less catastrophic, to have moved those houses someplace else, out of the flood plain; and, again, where would that be? And what you really get into is many of those people are probably close to their jobs. That may be the only house they can afford. All kinds of things.    So it is not an easy question, and I think it is greatly driven by just the demographics of the area. But at the same time, I think you have to have a comprehensive solution that includes the city and the county, and the State, so that we are making good decisions based on good science.    Mr. Woods. If you do that--basically for home builders, nearly 50 percent of all prospective home buyers are what are called move-up buyers, your person with a house on stilts or four stilts. Okay? These individuals must be able to sell their current home. And if you took away that subsidy or the grandfathering of the rates, you are going to devastate the price of that home, and they are no longer going to be move-up buyers. They will simply be trapped in that residence until the rest home. Again, we rely on the ability of homeowners to move up, and owners to buy newly constructed homes. Many home builders and many homeowners have lost the ability to buy or the ability to sell simply because of that rate structure.    Mr. Woods. I don't know that it is. I don't have any information, and we don't have any policy. We are going to be discussing this very thing next week in depth at our meeting. I tend to lean on the side of open competition usually. It gets you the best answer.    Mr. Woods. Again, I think from what Ms. Templetone-Jones said, I think also from the fact that if you got the private sector involved and the competition that would take place there, and, again, we go back to the mapping. But the reality of the mapping is there are many things, and I happen to think if we were all on the same side--the insurance company wanted to sell insurance. The home builder and developer wanted to develop ground--that we would work together to find a solution that gave each of us the best chance of success. That is not happening today in the system.    We are spending all of our money on people who are almost guaranteed--well, we are not spending all of our money there, but we are really spending the money on people who are guaranteed to have a flood. We have insured property, and if the ones we are insuring are pretty well guaranteed to have the loss, that is fine, but I think you could do these other things that would help us all in the free enterprise system. They won't do it in one afternoon, and unfortunately we might get that disaster in one afternoon. But the reality is that over a period of time, I believe they could.    Mr. Woods. This is a very technical place. I think there are, with the community's involvement, ways to allow people to have a choice, and I think that choice is always important, but I think it does take the involvement of many of us, the insurers, as well as the communities, as well as the builders, and remodelers, and the homeowners.    Mr. Woods. I guess I would say, yes, there is possibly a place for that, and that kind of falls to that answer I had about being able to control my own piece of property, but I can't do it without the community working with the others, so I think it is the same thing.    I would also offer that we are already paying those rates. We are paying them in our taxes to the United States Government, and we are paying them in our taxes to the communities right now, because when it happens, we step up. That is what we do in the United States. And when we step up, we are spending that money.    Mr. Woods. I will put it in the perspective, I guess, of the home builder, and talk about it from a new-construction perspective. That is the one I probably know the most about.    First, I don't believe that new construction within the flood plains is the reason why the NFIP is experiencing a shortfall in funding. It is quite the opposite. First, in order for a builder to construct a new home within a flood plain, the builder must ensure that the structure is compliant with all building standards within the flood plain. Second, all new homes, when purchased using a federally-regulated mortgage, are required under Federal law to obtain flood insurance under the NFIP. And third, as FEMA has already publicly acknowledged several times, new construction always pays a full-risk rate for that insurance, meaning newly constructed homes within the flood plains do not received subsidized insurance.    Additionally, NAHB has been told that in commonly flooded areas, new construction that is built today with current building codes routinely outperforms the existing housing stock that is there. So I think it is a process and the decisions need to be made based upon, again, we beat it to death, but the correct flood maps and the correct flow designs. And I would point out one other thing that I might add to it that goes back to our conversation, the elevation of a home, at least with new construction, is a very simple thing to gather. And that is a fact that we have to put that elevation on our building permit at the city, so a whole subdivision--and that is where most of the construction goes on--you could have those elevations immediately. They are part of the public record.