    Mr. Grothman. Okay, first, Dr. Smith, before I got here, you apparently said the two States that flow into your clinic from other places are Alaska and Wisconsin. I was just wondering why Wisconsin? What do you attribute that to?    Mr. Grothman. Okay, so that is what you are getting. You asked these people what they were doing before you and they said, ``I do not have any insurance or I am part of this--'' I know there are some Christian groups out there that have their own kind of pools that they go. That is where you are getting people from, okay, interesting.    Next question I have: with regard to making it more difficult to realize the American dream, part of that is unquestionably education costs. We have gone out of control and, by the way, Dr. Spriggs, I will say: when I tour the places where they have apprentices or pretty much the construction trades, I would talk that up more.    I mean, a lot of the people in the trades in Wisconsin are making a lot more money than these people who are going to college, and I would not emphasize college as much. We need more people in the trades so I think they are, quite frankly, more productive in our society, and doing better than a lot of these people who went to college. It just seems to me obvious: We have too many people going to college.    But I am going to ask you guys a question on two things that I think is, in part, contributing to the stagnation in wages. In America, first of all, we have embarked on a policy of discouraging work. The most recent policy there was Obamacare, in which, talking to a CPA a couple of weeks ago, in which we have these steps at which you lose your Obamacare subsidy as you work harder, and, you know, the CPA tells me nothing surprising.    Obviously, the people who voted for Obamacare want to discourage people from making more money. Okay, they wanted to stunt their economic growth because when you get to these steps, maybe you lose a $5,000 subsidy and, of course, who wants to go above that, and I do not know if that was intentional. It seems so obvious. I would think it was intentional, but it is true that other income transfer payments, earned income tax credit, food stamps, low income housing: all were designed by people who want to discourage people from working. I would like some of you guys to comment on that in the degree to which, to a certain extent, are lower incomes because we are discouraging people from getting past first base by setting up----    Mr. Grothman. Well, I will agree with you there. That was my question, Dr. Spriggs, but I will agree with you that when we decide who we are going to vote for the next election, we should make sure we do not have another President who goes overboard in allowing too many people in the country.    Mr. Grothman. I am not just saying a work requirement. I mean, there is a work requirement: The more you work, the more you lose.    Mr. Grothman. Okay, I guess we are out of time.