    Mr. Pocan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Madam Secretary, for being here today. I am trying to get to three subjects in four minutes. I am going to try to go fast.    Does the name Brent Brown from Wisconsin ring a bell to you? This is a gentleman who wrote a letter to the President, and I would like to ask unanimous consent to enter this letter into the record.    Mr. Pocan. Yes. A gentleman who had spent his entire life savings on health care, he was literally a dead man walking, could not get health insurance because he had a preexisting condition, and because of the Affordable Care Act, he is alive today.    What is unique about the letter, and I just want to read two or three of the paragraphs, this is in his letter, ``I probably wore pins and planted banners to display my Republican loyalty. I was vocal in my opposition to you, particularly the ACA. Before I briefly explain my story, allow me to say this, I am very sorry. I understand written content cannot convey emotions very well, but my level of conviction has me in tears as I write this. I was so very wrong, so very wrong.'' He goes on to explain about his preexisting condition and had it not been for the Affordable Care Act, he would not be alive today.    So, I just think that is a wonderful example and story, and more importantly, part of his appeal was to try to tell people maybe on the other side of the aisle who have been trying to repeal this for 63-64 times, you know, maybe it is time to move on. I just wanted to mention that.    One of the issues that came up was about the Affordable Care Act when it first came out, that on the employer rolls you were going to reduce employees because of the part-time hour commitment, do you very quickly have any updates on that, how we're doing?    Mr. Pocan. Great. Thank you. I know a number of us talked about opioid abuse. I would like to talk about something different than behavioral health, mental health issues.    I know that while the opioid issue is really getting a lot of attention right now, I think mental health issues, especially as someone who is a former legislator, 25 to 30 percent of the people in the prison system in Wisconsin are there for mental health. If they were there because they had cancer, people would be in the streets, but that is not how we are dealing with this issue and the amount of costs that go into it, very supportive of the President's budget and the increases he is trying to do.    I just want to make sure we are keeping the focus on mental health as we do this because not just the State government, in Wisconsin, that is $250 to $300 million a year just for the people who have mental health in the corrections system, but in the local jails, local government, et cetera.    I think it is really sad commentary on how we treat the disease and not have enough efforts there, and anything we can do would be much appreciated.    Mr. Pocan. Great. The final issue I just want to raise in the last minute I have, prescription drugs. One of the issues that we have seen is prices are rising again, going up. I recently was at our VA, and he was telling me about what he had to do for one of his patients, a drug that was $125,000 a dose.    We know that recently companies like Pfizer are trying to do tax inversions so they do not have to pay taxes here and go to Ireland, by buying a smaller company, yet at the same time, they are not going to charge us the prescription prices that they pay in Ireland, which is considerably less than they are paying here.    I would just like to advocate for anything we can do and you can do within your department to help us look at that issue because I think we may need to work with those folks working on inversions, because I think it is a real tragedy that we are paying more and more for prescription drugs, including 27 percent, I think, of mental health is on prescription drugs, and we need to do something more.    Mr. Pocan. Thank you. I yield back.