    Mr. Latta. Thanks, Mr. Chairman, and Administrator, thanks very much for being with us today.    Under 111(d) the States must file a State plan by September the 6th, 2016 unless it submits an extension request that is approved by the EPA. EPA has said that, ``This approval of State extension requests is a ministerial action.'' Before rejecting a State's extension request will EPA allow for public notice and comment?    Mr. Latta. OK. If the EPA then rejects a State's extension request, EPA believes it can issue a Federal plan for that State. In that case, will EPA allow for notice and comment before imposing a Federal plan?    Mr. Latta. So, if I understand then, that you won't have a notice and comment period then if a State is disallowed. Is that correct?    Mr. Latta. OK. But in this case, though, if a State rejects--if the EPA rejects a State's plan, if it rejects it?    Mr. Latta. OK. But in that case, though, are you still saying then there won't be a notice and comment period?    Mr. Latta. There would be.    Mr. Latta. OK. And how long would that be for?    Mr. Latta. OK.    Mr. Latta. At least 30 days. Now, will you be in direct contact with the States, or----    Mr. Latta. Ohio--my home State--the Ohio EPA has repeatedly asked EPA to consider investments made before 2012 to lower CO<INF>2</INF> emissions which especially affects the coal plants in my State. Would you explain why the original baseline date of 2005 was abandoned for the 2012?    Mr. Latta. Let me ask, because of that, since we have in Ohio, until recently had about 70 percent of our energy is coal-fired. What factors did you consider for the State of Ohio when you were looking at that 2012 date? Did you look at the number of coal-fired plants we have, our manufacturers, our consumers? Did you take into, you know, the cost and expense that's going to incur out there? Could you explain a little bit on that?    Mr. Latta. Well, you say in your testimony that this rule sets an achievable standard for power plants, but seeing as Ohio has achieved approximately 30 percent reduction in CO<INF>2</INF> emissions between 2005 and 2014 in its coal-fired power plants, doesn't your choice of a 2012 baseline mean power plants that are not coal-fired at that time then?    Mr. Latta. Well, let me just--I'm cutting you off because my time is running out here. Just real quick, because I know since Ohio was over 70 percent coal-fired, my recollection was since--I'm right next to Indiana. Wasn't your State about 90 percent coal-fired just a few years ago?    Mr. Latta. Do you think there's going to be a measurable impact on industries in the State of Indiana because of what's going to happen there, that you are over 90 percent in the State?    Mr. Latta. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield back.