    Mr. Cook. Well, I am going to apologize in advance; I am going to be the cynic here. And, once again, at least with me, I am not as smart as you guys. If you are going to talk with a bunch of acronyms that I don't understand, right away my eyes start to gloss over. If you could kind of ``keep it simple, stupid'' for me, I would appreciate it a little bit.    You know, I am probably one of the biggest hawks on this committee, but it bothers me about things in the future and the amount of money. And maybe I have had too many briefs about the number of missiles that the Chinese are going to throw against aircraft carriers and cruisers and what have you. And they are going to build as many as--maybe one aircraft carrier, they might be able to build, I don't know, 5,000 missiles. I am just looking at it from the CPA standpoint, and maybe that is--and that is ironic because I am an infantry guy, but in terms of by the time you get there and the changes in technology, I don't know if we can do that, predict the future.    I am still upset that we cut back on the F-22s. I thought it was a great airplane. I think everybody is going back: Oh, we shouldn't have done that. Well, we did that. It was a mistake. Can you tell me why, when the F-4 Phantom came out, we said, ``Oh, we don't need any machine guns on that plane''? This was going to be missile to missile; this is the new warfare. This is talking to a ground guy in Vietnam that was probably saved because they modified that airplane before some of you were born--let me correct that, before most of you in this room were born. But that was a failure to anticipate what was going on with the Air Force.    I am a big, big supporter of airpower and what you have to do. I just have--I don't know if we can predict the future. I would hope that we could have modified the B-1 and the B-2. It scares me when you said we only are going to have 12 flights of B-2s--God almighty--with all of the missiles of the Chinese. Aren't the Russians still flying turbo prop bombers around scaring everybody when they come down the English Channel, or maybe that is--but how old is that aircraft? It is not at as old as me, but close. And I am saying they modified that, just like the Chinese, one of the figures I heard was--what?--their budget was 300 percent in the last--increase--in the last 10 years. So I think when we are talking about some of these programs. And as I said, I have been around this planet for a long while. I have seen the F-4, and I have seen that plant on the Connecticut River in the ranking member's district where they spent, I don't know how much money, Pratt & Whitney, to develop a nuclear energy--excuse me, a nuclear engine for an airframe. I won't tell you how many years and how much money that went in. You can tell where that went.    So I have some serious reservations about this. I think we have got to get it right. And I just hope because the more you stick on there and everything else, it gets so expensive that it's going to fail the budgetary wars. And everybody is going to come down and say, what are we going to cut? And I still want more C-17s, I want more lift for marines who have got to go across the Pacific. We can't do it, but you definitely got my attention when you said we are going to go have 12 sorties of B-2s. We have a real problem.    I am going to support it. I just want to make sure we do it right, and I am going to--I notice your name, sir, is very, very close to how I feel right now. And maybe I am the gunslinger here. And you probably have heard something comparable. I don't have a question. I think what you are doing--but we have got to get this right.    The other thing is we don't have 5 years, 10 years, 20 years, because this is a very, very, dangerous--and I wish we could do it just like that. If it was World War II, how long did it take to get the B-29 on line? When we had planes flying around at Pearl Harbor day, the B-18--anyone ever seen that? Whatever happened to B-36, the B-47, the B-58 Hustler? I could go on and on, and I was a marine, but I read a few Air Force books. So thank you very much for your presentation. Sorry I vocalized so much.