    Mrs. Maloney. I thank the panelists for your testimony and your work, and I thank the ranking member and chair for calling this important hearing. And I agree completely with the Statements of Mr. Roth when he said that the terrorist only has to be right once. We have to be right 100 percent of the time. We have got to stop them from coming through.    I would say nothing is more important than protecting our people. And I will say that since 9/11, the New York City Police Department has documented well over 17 attempts to murder New Yorkers, and they have been thwarted through the combined efforts of all of law enforcement, including TSA, which is working every day to stop it.    For some reason in our classified intelligence briefings, airlines continue to be a top priority for terrorists, a top target. They keep trying different ways. We hear it from press reports, your reports, and reports from airline stewardesses and captains of how they're trying to break the perimeter, how they are trying to get into the cockpit in different ways. And so I see this as a collective effort to fight back. It's not just TSA but all of us working with them to fight back.    The PreCheck program, we also need commerce to work, and at first airlines were so backed up people weren't even flying anymore. I will say now that in New York the PreCheck program is a success. Now the PreCheck line is longer than the normal line. More people are in the PreCheck line than in the other, so many people are in it, which I think speaks well that we have processed a lot of people and made it more efficient.    So I want to ask Ms. Grover, apparently 33 percent of the passengers now pass through PreCheck. Is that correct? About how many people are in PreCheck now, would you say?    Mrs. Maloney. Half were receiving it in one form or another.    Mrs. Maloney. That is a remarkable achievement from where you started. I see this also an effort in many ways we are trying to crack down also on terrorist financing. Many of the banks are complaining about having to do PreCheck or they have to validate every single one of their customers, and there's been some ideas about letting their system work with Homeland Security on combining a PreCheck list. They have to report, you have to report, on who's in PreCheck. I think that's a valuable new tool that we could look at in making it more efficient and also stopping more people. And I wonder, Ms. Grover, what you think about that, and I have a proposed outline of a pilot project in that area that I'd like you to look at and have your department get back to us.    Mrs. Maloney. Well, there are other units in our country that are also doing background checks, so if we could compile them together and make it more efficient and knowing who these people are and increasing our ability to keep the bad people out of New York or out of the country, out of the country period. But as one who represented many people, many families who perished on 9/11, it's an issue of grave concern to me. And when we created this whole system of review at airports, it was hotly debated whether it should be private or government, and many believed that our police and fire, who are charged in protecting us, are government. And TSA has the same level of importance in protecting our people and are now a huge target area which continues for some reason, airlines. I believe it should remain a government function. It's too important, protecting lives of citizens. There is a movement in Congress to privatize it. I'm opposed to that. I believe it would weaken the system, not strengthen it.    But I welcome this hearing of ideas of how we can strengthen this very important program. But the bottom line, we haven't had another tragedy in a long time. When was the last time we had--we had many attempts--but when was the last time there was a terrorist attack that was successful on the airlines? Ms. Grover.    Mrs. Maloney. And what happened in 2009?    Mrs. Maloney. Well, it's a work in progress, and the bottom line, it was stopped. And so we join you in your efforts, and thank you for your testimony. My time is expired. Thank you.