    Ms. Esty. Thank you, Chairman Shuster and Ranking Member DeFazio, for holding today's important hearing on the reauthorization of the Federal surface transportation program. And I would very much like to thank our distinguished witnesses for their testimony and taking time from your very busy schedules to be here today.    Governor McCrory, I will follow up with you. But I was just meeting yesterday with our Governor Malloy, who has a 30-year plan. And I want to commend you for your long-range planning. And thank you for emphasizing the importance to this committee of Congress doing its job to provide long-term, sustainable funding for the Governors, the mayors, and all of our planners in our local communities to make good decisions for the American people. So we will follow up with specific questions for you.    Governor McCrory. Thank you.    Ms. Esty. Fifty-year plan--wow, we are getting really ambitious. Thank you. So I would like to note, as the Governor is departing, the importance of these long-term plans. And Connecticut has just announced a 30-year plan for us to really make that kind of long-term investment.    Mayor Becker, since you are staying with us, thank you. I want to thank you for sharing your perspective on improving transportation systems at the municipal level and for sharing your experience in Salt Lake City. I want to thank you also for highlighting in the National League of Cities the cities, towns, and common ground proposal. I have heard a number of similar concerns in my State about the difficulty of implementing some of the federally funded local priority projects into the Federal regulatory framework.    What do you think we could do here at the Federal level to empower municipalities to develop and implement projects at the local level that make our transportation infrastructure more efficient and effective?    Ms. Esty. Thank you very much. We have seen that as well in my State, both the point you highlighted of young people moving into cities not wanting to use cars, as well as senior populations. And I think that we do agree with you. We need to readjust our planning.    And for both of you, if you could add your perspective. One of the growing areas of concern we have seen in Connecticut is the impact of corrosion on our infrastructure. I have started a corrosion caucus to deal with that. If you could talk about what we need to do at the national level to help support the maintenance, long-term maintenance.    We have put a lot of money into these systems, but if we do not maintain them or prep them properly, then they degrade much faster than they ought to. And it would be helpful to hear your perspective on those issues.    Ms. Esty. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.