    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate the opportunity.    I think we need a little clarification here. I was listening to Mr. Eisenbrey's testimony, and he made the comment that we have 117,000 new workers that are going to be hired. Those, according to the study that he quoted, an Oxford Economics study that was commissioned by National Retail Foundation, those are part-time workers, by the way.    And those part-time workers are required to be hired because you are going to have to have somebody else to do the additional work that the people who have been working will not now be doing because you are not going to pay them overtime. It is cheaper to hire someone part-time than it is to pay them overtime. So it is a part-time worker.    Also, you made a comment with regard to 42 million new people that are going to be eligible for overtime. The same study indicates that three-quarters of those people right now don't get overtime. So you are only talking about 825,000 people. And the same study also indicates that they probably would get about 1 hour per work of overtime, which would be about $20 per week that they would increase.    In the meantime, the Regulatory Flexibility Act analysis by DOL itself indicates that there would be $3,265 of total compliance costs, including wages, which means that for $20 an hour for the employees it is going to cost the employer $3,265 for the individual. Plus, the employee is probably going to lose benefits, flexibility from the standpoint of health benefits, retirement benefits.    And, Mr. Macre, you deal with a lot of small businesses. Is that the experience that you see with what is going on, that people are going to have to hire part-time workers to make up the difference, cut back on benefits to be able to make the bottom line?    Because at the end of the day, as Mr. Eisenbrey made the comment a while ago, I don't think he understands there is only a finite number of dollars in each one of the pockets of the owners. You can only pay for so much increase in cost. You can't continue to pay to increase this otherwise your competition is going to eat you and you are going to go out of business.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Commissioner Tipton, you are in a unique situation where you can't go out and price your product. You are delivering services with a finite number of tax dollars. How do you anticipate trying to do this? Are you going to wind up having more part-time workers, are you going to reduce the benefits, health insurance, retirement benefits for the employees? I mean, how are you going to make the same number of dollars stretch to comply with the rules?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Robinson, what kind of a problem do you have with employee morale when you have to reclassify somebody down to an hourly worker? Even though they are making the same amount of money, now they lose benefits, lose retirement, even though they are doing the same job, but they are being viewed as an hourly worker.    How does that work with employee morale? And if you do wind up paying benefits, how is that going to affect the rest of the employees who don't get the benefits?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.