    Mr. Kelley. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Takano, on behalf of the Veterans of Foreign Wars and our Auxiliaries, thanks for the opportunity to testify today.    Over the past few years, the VFW has worked with this subcommittee to provide college readiness and access, and safeguarding student veterans against fraud, waste, and abuse.    The VFW remains concerned that far too few veterans take advantage of their earned education benefits and the veterans who believe they were treated unfairly by higher education still lack the viable tools for swift intervention and adjudication.    Congress and VA have worked to make veterans educated consumers and provide them a consumer feedback system so complaints can be lodged and actions can be taken when necessary.    While these tools have provided significant assistance to student veterans, the VFW worries that all too often veterans use a Comparison Tool only after they have enrolled in school and that reviews of complaints logged in the consumer feedback system are not responded to in a timely manner.    Through VFW's One Student Veteran resource, we have worked with veterans who have questions or unresolved complaints with their education benefits. The vast majority of these inquiries are directed towards eligibility and paying for college.    However, the most concerning inquiries deal with VA benefit overpayment and debt collection. When an overpayment occurs, VA sends a notification of overpayment and provides a couple options for repayment. If the veteran is unable to make a timely repayment, his or her debt is sent to collections and VA will garnish payment until the debt is repaid.    To eliminate this stress, the VFW proposes presenting veterans with three options for repayment when they are notified of an overpayment. They can either elect to repay it immediately; arrange repayment over several months; or have their months of benefit eligibility reduced by the number of months that must be repaid. This will allow veterans some flexibility in repaying the debt without a fear of financial instability.    The Department of Defense was tasked with designing three voluntary track curricula for transitioning servicemembers to include the accessing higher education track. The education track has gone through several changes since its inception and is a significant improvement over past iterations.    The VFW remains concerned that many transitioning servicemembers will not have access to a classroom proctor discussion as part of TAP. As the VFW visits military installations, we continue to hear that small unit commanders are reluctant to allow junior servicemembers to participate in this program. This has a direct impact on those servicemembers who likely need the training the most,--those who are first-term enlisted servicemembers.    This is why the VFW supported last year's provision to make participation in the education track mandatory for college-bound transitioning servicemembers. However, this access problem cannot be solely through policy initiatives. It will likely take a major cultural shift within the military. That is why the VFW continues to advocate for transitional training throughout the military life cycle and ensuring veterans still have access to training and resources after leaving the military.    Only a few years ago, the VFW recognized that military life often precludes recently separating servicemembers and their dependents from satisfying strict residency and physical presence requirements for in-state tuition, thereby often hindering access to quality cost-effective education.    Erasing the in-state requirement for veterans and their dependents has been a top priority for the VFW and with the passage of VACAA, we are now moving closer to making that a reality. However, implementation of in-state tuition isn't without its road blocks. We need to ensure that states that are having trouble with implementation are granted the extension waiver. We also need to ensure that states also include eligible dependents in their implementation plan for in-state tuition.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my testimony and I am happy to answer any questions you or the committee may have.    Mr. Kelley. Access to that information is critical, so if you have one access point toward the end of your military time and it didn't all sink in and you don't have the ability to go back and see that after service, that is a problem. In-person meetings are always going to be better than a big group setting where people don't have the opportunity to ask questions, and it is on a time hack and people are hurrying through it.    So I think the set-aside and making that mandatory--if somebody is going to go to college, they need to be prepared, and having it as a recommendation, as an option, and then a commander saying, I am sorry, Mr. Kelley, you can't go to that, we need you in the field today, we need you here, we need you doing that. So we need to make it mandatory. We need to make it a priority to make sure that people are trained and ready to go.    Mr. Kelley. The more modes of education you give somebody, the better they are going to receive it. So TAP is one mode, but if you have--a lot of this information is on Army--AKO--Knowledge Online, so they can--the servicemembers can go on there and find out what they need to do to prepare; that is one method.    I know the Marine Corps has correspondence courses. To get promoted in the Marine Corps, you had to take finance for Marines. It wasn't a real complicated course, but you had to check that box in order to get promoted.    Having that for education benefits, to know how to use your tuition assistance and how you can parlay that into your GI Bill would be very important-be able to have bridge courses before you even leave active duty.    Mr. Takano asked the question, are people ill-prepared or do they have reservations about accessing college? And they do. If you have been out of service or out of school for six years--and it wasn't a big priority to you because you knew that you were going to go into the service,--community you didn't retain a lot of that. And now that you are coming to the end of your military service, you start thinking, I don't remember algebra at all and I haven't written anything other than maybe a small report, so that is probably not going to cut the mustard.    So we need to give them opportunities along the way to keep relevant in those skills, because they are perishable.    Mr. Kelley. I think the number one access issue is finances. Without in-state tuition, veterans are paying out of pocket. Students who are in American Samoa going to community college and want to transfer to the University of Hawaii are going to pay out-of-state tuition; we need to fix that.    Mr. Kelley. For the sake of time, the VFW supports you, will work with you to find solutions.