    Mr. LEWIS. Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    My name is Troy Lewis. I am the vice president and chief enterprise management risk management officer at Heritage Bank in St. George, Utah. I am also a tax practitioner, adjunct faculty member at BYU, and chair of the Tax Executive Committee of the American Institute of CPAs. I am pleased to testify today on behalf of the AICPA.    We applaud the leadership taken by the Committee to consider ways to reduce the complexity faced by small businesses when preparing their taxes. Small businesses are the foundation of the U.S. economy, employing over half of the private sector workforce and creating nearly two-thirds of this nation's new jobs.    Unfortunately, compliance with federal tax laws can act as a roadblock. Unlike large corporations, time spent by small businesses in complying with tax laws is much more costly because they do not have the luxury of a large customer base with which to spread those costs.    We need to keep in mind that time devoted to tax law compliance has an impact on business creation, job growth, and economic prosperity. First, it is imperative that small businesses and their tax return preparers have the ability to communicate with the IRS when preparing their taxes and addressing compliance issues. However, there has been increasingly limited access to the agency. Through an informal survey we conducted earlier this year, we learned that over half of our members were either somewhat dissatisfied or very dissatisfied with the services they received from the IRS. This is no surprise considering that only 17 percent of our members said that the agency answered their telephone calls within a half hour. Most of our members were on hold for extended periods of time or did not have the time to wait that long.    Let me share with you one member's experience. ``I was on hold for over an hour and a half. When the IRS agent finally picked up the call, they needed to transfer to another agent. I had to wait on hold for another hour. Finally, I received a recorded message that the office was now closed and I needed to call again the following day.''    Unfortunately, this is not a unique experience. Many taxpayers also experience the IRS's so-called courtesy disconnects where the IRS disconnects a call without taking a message if the caller has been on hold for two hours. Nothing is more discouraging, frustrating, or inefficient for a caller than being hung up on after waiting for nearly two hours.    We understand the IRS has new initiatives and obligations, but taxpayer services must remain a high priority in order for small businesses to receive the assistance they so desperately need.    Another challenging tax compliance obligation that small businesses recently dealt with was the tangible property regulations. These rules, which address how businesses should report the purchase and improving a property are almost 500 pages of technical guidance and procedures. Now, to be fair, the regulations clarify some rules. However, they were still significantly burdensome for small businesses. The AICPA pushed hard for relief and stressed that time was of the essence. The IRS finally issued partial relief on February 13th, well into the filing season. Unfortunately, some small businesses and their tax practitioners had already spent time and resources attempting to comply with the regulations. If the IRS had acted sooner, small businesses could have been spared some administrative burden.    There are other issues that remain open in regards to the repair regulations. Currently deducted amounts in excess of the Safe Harbor threshold, taxpayers must prove that expensing such amounts in the current year clearly reflects income.    However, the clear reflection of income test can be challenging for any taxpayer, but especially for small businesses. These rules force taxpayers to depreciate the cost of items, such as a computer or a printer, over a number of years. To provide meaningful relief, Congress should increase the $500 Safe Harbor threshold to $2,500 and index the amount annually for inflation. To further reduce burden, we also suggest that you allow taxpayers with reviewed financial statements to use the higher $5,000 threshold.    Finally, we encourage you to examine all aspects of the code to reduce the complexity faced by small businesses when preparing their taxes. For example, penalty provisions need to consider their effect on voluntary compliance, and employers operating across state lines need a uniform, national standard for nonresident income tax withholding rules. The income tax deadline should also promote an efficient flow of taxpayer information to provide small businesses sufficient time to file accurate returns.    In summary, small businesses and tax practitioners are interested in, and so desperately need, tax reform to reduce the burden that hinders growth.    Again, with that, Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to testify, and I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. LEWIS. Yes, it is accurate. And I think one thing to keep in mind is any one particular provision when it starts out has a reason. These tax code laws that we are talking about, at one point there was either a motivation or something. But when added upon the ones from last year and adding upon the ones from last year and the last year and the last year, you find that you have got these layers. And what we have done is we are not taking everything away. So every single year you find yourself getting more and more. So even if you say this particular provision is not that burdensome, you have to take it in context of what about the last 20 years and all of that added together. It is simple. They have so much time in a day. If you are taking their time by making them comply with regulations, you are taking time away from what they do.    Mr. LEWIS. Yes, and that is a great question. I think the answer in short is yes. Again, it goes back to simple algebra. At some level there is only so many hours----    Mr. LEWIS. There are only so many hours in a day, and there is only so much time and there is only so much revenue coming in. And again, look at the banking, look at the financial services, for instance. The last decade there has been all this bank regulation that has come upon us. Just look at the bank itself. What you find is you find all this additional level of compliance that is required, and any one particular provision makes sense. There is a reason for it. But taken as a whole, it becomes problematic because in the end, really, as was mentioned here, a small business owner, what really matters to them is what they can put in their pocket at the end of the day. It is the cash in their pocket. It is what they can do. It is what they can consume. It is to take that money and pay for tuition for their child. It is to take a vacation. It is to pay a mortgage. That is what really matters. And all the rest of this that we are discussing is getting to that bottom line.    So you asked the question, what kind of an impact does it have? First of all, I cannot advise a client right now on the tax law for the current year because we have the extenders that are still out there. How can I go to somebody and tell them what is going to happen with bonus depreciation? Or 179? They are going out to make a decision right now. They want to make a decision but instead they are paralyzed because they do not know. Tell me what the law is they will say, and then I will know how to react. You can help me, because after that it is an Excel spreadsheet. You can run it. But before then, without certainty, without permanency, you run into this problematic situation where, yeah, it does impact those businesses.    Mr. LEWIS. It certainly was not because of Christmas; no.    Mr. LEWIS. I was going to say and the reality is the commentary would be if the tax law has a shorter shelf life than say a carton of milk, it is probably something we ought to look at. That is going to impact them.    Mr. LEWIS. I think the tax code is certainly a contributor. One of the things that I think is missing in most of our regulation, which is in essence what tax law is, is we failed to adequately address the cost benefit. I know I hear it. I see it. People talk about it. But are we really looking at cost benefit from the small business lens? That is the question. Right? I mean, you will hear people, they will espouse from the floor this is a good thing and it weighs, outweighs, but I think the real issue is from a small business lens. One of the things we have is a fundamental----    Mr. LEWIS. All right.    Mr. LEWIS. Yeah. I mean, one way to look at it is that small business owner is in a partnership with the federal government. There are a lot of services, a lot of economic ability to make money. And so there is this agreement. And the tax code is sort of like the partnership agreement. It defines how we are each going to behave with each other, and I think the majority of Americans that own these small businesses are hard-working, they are entrepreneurial, and they want to do what is right. It is when you start adding in complexity, the lack of certainty, the perception of inequality, I think that is where you start getting the fringes where people start to take a step back and either through overt or covert actions maybe are a little less complaint. But I think the majority want to comply.    Mr. LEWIS. I will be quick.    Mr. LEWIS. Two things. Number one, what can Congress do? Congress can support small businesses by reforming the tax code. It needs to be simple, it needs to be fair, and it needs to be equitable. You give that to small business owners and they will respond. They want it, they need it, you can give that to them. That would be wonderful.    Second thing, IRS services. There is no substitute, there is no additional reference point or no additional source that we can go to to serve those clients and to serve those taxpayers.    Mr. LEWIS. That is the second one. That is the two. Just IRS services, focus on those.    Mr. LEWIS. Representative, Dave Camp should be commended for what he did. It showed us what real reform would look like, and that effort itself, I know we will have issues with any particular provision, but that overall effort, that is exactly what we are talking about.    Mr. LEWIS. Yeah. The same thing as Mr. Williamson. I have just seen particular provisions, and some of those were not necessarily small business favorable.    Mr. LEWIS. No, I would not say the whole package. No.    Mr. LEWIS. I have seen parts of it.