    Mr. McLaughlin. Chairman Thornberry and members of the committee, I appreciate the opportunity to share my views today. I always enjoyed visiting this committee back when I worked at CIA for 30 years. And as a U.S. Army veteran with service in Vietnam, I understand the importance of the work you do. The United States confronts, in Syria and Iraq, the most complex set of national security problems I have ever seen, in a way, unprecedented even for the Middle East. At least six region-wide conflicts converge in these two countries: Persian versus Arab, Sunni versus Shia, modernizers versus traditionalists, terrorists versus regimes, terrorists versus terrorists, and great powers versus great powers. You know, at the center of this is the most vicious and capable terrorist group I have ever seen.    My last 4 years in government, as the chairman alluded, were focused on the battle against Al Qaeda in the post-9/11 period. The battle against ISIL will be harder because ISIL has at least six strengths that Al Qaeda never had. First, it has an ambitious strategy focused on establishing concentric circles of influence and operational activity well beyond its Syrian base. Second, it possesses territory extensive enough to credibly claim a caliphate. Third, it has money in the hundreds of millions of dollars that buys expertise, loyalty, weapons, training, and influence. Fourth, it has barely impeded access to the West by virtue of the 4,500 Western passport holders in its ranks. Fifth, a narrative far more powerful than Al Qaeda's, promising jobs, families, fellowship, and power to people to whom it appeals. Its recruiting emphasizes these things, not the brutality we see on television.    Finally, unlike Al Qaeda, it has won grudging acquiescence in many areas it controls by providing rudimentary public services. So any effort to form a counter-ISIL strategy and settle the Syrian conflict has to begin with an appreciation of the realities we face.    First, time matters. Timetables slip for offensives to reclaim Mosul or Ramadi or to train fighters. Meanwhile, 1,000 fighters a month join ISIL. Its roots grow deeper. Second, the interests of major powers have to be reconciled. A Syrian settlement is unlikely without some Russian, Iranian, and perhaps Saudi acquiescence or cooperation. Third, progress will be impossible without meeting the grievances of abused and alienated Sunni populations, which constitutes 70 percent of Syria, about 20 percent of Iraq.    Fourth, substantial territory must be reclaimed from ISIL to erode the image of invulnerability and its claim to a caliphate. And fifth, air power is important, but probably won't be enough.    So in light of those realities, what are the elements of a successful strategy? First, be clear about priorities. Trying to get rid of Assad and ISIL at the same time led us into what I would call a catch-22 cul-de-sac. Hurting one invariably helps the other. Time to say destroying ISIL comes first, and we will do the necessary to achieve that. Now, in making these recommendations, I want to be clear, I don't have access to the data and the capabilities of the Joint Staff. So many of the things I am about to say here are aspirational. They would need careful planning. And I don't minimize the difficulty.    But second, we can, more robustly, arm forces that have shown success against ISIL, such as the Kurds in Syria and Iraq. Third, increase the intensity of the air campaign and the number of U.S. special operators in theater, empowering them to go forward with trusted forces to advise and assist with targeting, something we did in the early days of the Afghan war. Fourth, move, finally, to establish a safe zone in Syria for fighters and refugees, as General Petraeus has suggested, defended by coalition aircraft with U.S. advisers present, and with a warning to Assad to stay out.    Fifth, and most challenging, lead in the formation of a multinational force that could bring the air and ground components of our strategy into better balance. And finally, in the Vienna talks on the political solution for Syria currently taking place among 19 nations, seek traction on what must be the single element of consensus among them that none can see benefit in having another failed state, another Libya, if you will, in the heart of the Middle East.    Finally, let me conclude, Mr. Chairman, by saying it is impossible to overestimate the importance of vigorous engagement with Baghdad for a government more inclusive of Sunnis and all Iraqi elements. Otherwise, Iraq can neither survive as a unitary state nor field an effective fighting force. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you, sir. Mr. Ambassador.    Ambassador Crocker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Smith, members of the committee. It is a privilege to be before you today on issues of such great consequence. It has been a very grim 3 weeks. The downing of the Russian airliner, the bombings in Beirut, the horrific attacks in Paris, make it clear to all of us the enormous threat that the Islamic State poses. These attacks come against a backdrop of chaos and violence unprecedented in the modern history of the Middle East, which I date back to the end of World War I.    Three states have failed completely: Syria, Libya, and Yemen. I would argue that Iraq is very, very close. And with the failure of states, we have seen the rise of nonstate actors, most prominently Islamic State, but also Al Qaeda, Iranian-backed Shia militias in Iraq, and a host of others. The stability of the entire region is at risk, as are some core U.S. interests, the security of our friends in the region, including Israel, the flow of oil to our allies around the world, and our own security. As we saw so tragically in Paris and in Beirut, as my friend and former wingman Dave Petraeus said, what happens in the Middle East does not stay in the Middle East.    The emergence of Islamic State and other nonstate actors has its roots in an even larger problem, the pervasive failure of governance in the region. The history of the modern Middle East is a history of failed ``isms'': colonialism, monarchism, Arab nationalism, Arab socialism, communism, authoritarianism. We can hope Islamic State's twisted form of Islamism is the next to fail, but hope is a poor policy. John McLaughlin said something very important. Islamic State gets this. They know it is not just about the bloody sword, it is about picking up the garbage. Wherever they move in, they attempt to establish services, a very brutal but predictable form of justice, and above all, to demonstrate that unlike the regimes that came before them in Syria and Iraq, they are not personally corrupt.    If you want to look for an indicator on the longevity of ISIS or Islamic State, look to how they govern in the areas they control. I say this to situate recent developments in a larger context, and to underscore how enormously complex these problems are. If there are any fixes at all, they will not be quick. There are things that we can and should do, I believe, short of deploying ground forces. I agree with John McLaughlin, we need to ramp up our air campaign significantly, to actually degrade Islamic State.    We need to go after their resources. We need to go after their money, as we did with Al Qaeda in Iraq when I was there. The targeting of their oil infrastructure, I think, is an important step in this direction. I have argued for some time that we need to establish no-fly zones, covering safe zones, as John McLaughlin and Dave Petraeus have both said. This is important as a humanitarian step to stop the wholesale slaughter by the Assad regime of Syria's own citizens. It is also important politically at two levels. First, it will weaken the Assad regime. It will not bring it down, but it will weaken it. And it might cause Assad and his backers, Syria and Russia--I am sorry, Iran and Russia, to recalculate and perhaps move them toward a negotiating posture that would actually make the only solution that is possible come into focus, which is a political settlement.    The second point for behind a no-fly zone is it would be a signal to the region, particularly to Syria's Sunnis, that all the bombs are not falling on Sunni heads, even if they are ISIS. So this is going to have to be a very carefully calculated process. We have got to fight a Sunni group that is fighting us. We also have to signal that we understand and are taking steps to protect a Sunni population from a regime that is killing so many of them.    Implicit in this is my belief that Russia and the Iranians are absolutely not our allies. Any perception of U.S. association with Russia or Iran in a fight against Islamic State is going to turn the Sunni world in Syria and outside of it even further against us. As John McLaughlin says, there is a broader conflict here, hot and somewhat a cold war. Iran and Saudi Arabia are the two principal protagonists: The Persians, the Shia; the Arabs and the Sunnis. Russia and Iran are squarely on one side of that divide. We have to be careful we are not perceived as joining them there.    I have argued for a substantial increase in Syrian refugee admission after thorough vetting. This blunts the Islamic State narrative that we are the enemies of Arabs and Muslims, and it increases our leverage with others who can do more, either on resettlement or financially. And it is a way, Congressman Smith, that I believe we can start to pull Arab and Muslim states more toward us, to have that serious conversation we so badly need to have about what the future of the area is as we look ahead.    A couple of other points. John Allen, one of the greatest officers, in my view, ever to wear a military uniform, is stepping down as our envoy to the anti-ISIS coalition. I would urge that the next envoy be a Presidential envoy, not an envoy of the Secretary of State. If we want to say that we are serious about this, the weight of the White House needs to be behind our point person in this struggle. Dave Petraeus and I have argued that there are other steps that we can take. Move our military headquarters from Kuwait to Baghdad. If we are fighting a war, we need to be on the battlefield. And in terms of civil-military cooperation, as I saw with Dave Petraeus, Ray Odierno, and John Allen, when my military counterpart was just across the hall, it certainly made the necessary unity of effort and objective that much easier.    Mr. Chairman, the center of gravity for Islamic State is in Iraq. That is where it emerged, and that is where its key leaders are from. It grew in the sectarian canyons that were created as Iraqi Sunnis were increasingly alienated from the sectarian Shia government influenced by Iran. So John McLaughlin and I would, I think, agree completely, the primary focus of our efforts has to be political, and it has to be getting at some of these root issues of a sense of disenfranchisement and isolation of Sunnis within their own states. U.S. reengagement, at a sustained and high level, can make a difference in Iraq. I learned through two long hard years that different Iraqi factions cannot compromise among each other. They simply cannot because of the legacy of literal blood between them.    But what they can do is give us something that we can then take to another faction and leader and start to put together transactions that they all want, or many of them want, that they can't do on their own. We are the indispensable actor. We played that role during my time in Iraq, 2007 to 2009. I urge that we play it again. I am calling, therefore, not for the deployment of the 101st Airborne, but for the deployment of the Secretary of State to go out to Baghdad and to sit there for a week or 10 days, banging heads together, seeing what compromises can be forged. The Iranians are doing it all the time. We need to do it as well.    So U.S. leadership cannot solve the problems of the Middle East or anything close to it, but it can make a difference. Most crucially, it can make a difference in preserving Iraq and Syria as unitary states. I know this is an issue of concern to this committee. It is my view that de facto partitioning favors only Islamic State and Iran and its proxies. A division into a Kurdistan, a jihadistan controlled by Islamic State, and a Shiastan dominated by Iran in Iraq may be to the interests of those parties; it is not to the U.S. interests. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Lots of interesting comments. I would like to follow up, but I will try to restrain myself to just a couple questions. I think everybody acknowledges that the military alone cannot solve the problem of Iraq, Syria, or ISIS. But I would appreciate it if each of you could briefly comment on the role you think military action could and should play. Mr. McLaughlin mentioned that time slippage is a factor. When we say we are going to do something, we don't take the town--or the town is not taken, then that reduces credibility. I know Dr. Kissinger, among others, have argued that ineffectual military action actually helps ISIS, because they are seen to withstand bombing, or whatever it is that we do, and it strengthens their prestige. So could each of you briefly comment on the role the military action, not just by us, but military action should play in this conflict?    Mr. McLaughlin. Well, again, Mr. Chairman, with the caveat that I am not sitting in the Joint Chiefs, and therefore, don't have access to--basically, what I am trying to say is at the end of the day, any military action you plan is difficult, complicated, and has to be carefully thought through. With that caveat--so I don't want to seem breezy about this. With that caveat, I guess my thought is you cannot settle these problems militarily, but you cannot settle them without a significant military component, in my judgment. We are now at the point of weighing what should that component be? It may be that air power can do a lot of the job if it is precise, if it is effective. But it seems to me that the military piece of this is somewhat out of balance between air and ground. So I can't, without a lot of time and data, make an estimate of what numbers we are talking about here, or what the composition of a force should be. But even if, for example, you were to take through air power to destroy ISIL in one of these towns, let's say Mosul or Ramadi or Fallujah, someone still has to go into that town on the ground, and see what is there and take it over and organize it. And that could be Iraqis, but probably they can't do it themselves.    And in addition to that, you know, I just respect the judgment of a lot of military people who say, and it accords with my own instincts here, that at some point, you have got to meet these people on the ground with a larger force than we are currently meeting them. Now, the Kurds in the north, the YPG inside Syria, is doing very well with our assistance. The Iraqi Kurds, of course, have retaken Sinjar with our assistance. Those are good signs. I don't think they are enough. And I don't think that the pace of this campaign is such that time will permit us to go with a slow strangulation policy if there is a prospect of more attacks like we have seen in Paris, Turkey, Lebanon, and elsewhere, and particularly if they are intending to come here.    One final comment on this. Maybe at the center of the military component here is the effectiveness of Iraq's forces. I mean, the ambassador says, and I agree, that in many ways Iraq is the center of gravity here even though ISIL's headquarters are in Syria. But the Iraqi forces have to take back these towns, perhaps with our assistance. Unless there is a political reformation, if you will, in Iraq that convinces Sunnis they are part of this country, those Iraqi forces, to the extent they are effective, will be effective largely through Shiite militias, backed by and augmented by Iran.    So that is not a good outcome. Essentially, we are yielding this part of the Middle East to Iran, with bad consequences. So that is another military piece of this that happens to be very closely woven with the political part. So bottom line in all of this, military component is important. I think it needs to be increased in terms of ground forces. The intensity of the air campaign needs to be looked at. And the Iraqi piece of this needs to take priority, starting at the political level.    Ambassador Crocker. I would agree with John McLaughlin that there is no military solution to this problem. However, military action can establish conditions and a context that are more favorable to a political settlement eventually than the circumstances now. You know, that is the logic behind my suggestion that we ramp up the air campaign to significantly degrade ISIS. We can't defeat them from the air. But I do believe we can degrade them and should. And at the same time, degrading, if you will, the Assad regime's ability to murder its own citizens. The establishment of safe zones under a no-fly zone could do that. It could also bring buy-in at a level we haven't had before from both Turkey in the north, that has long advocated for this, and Jordan in the south. A safe zone would have to be secured. They would be the ones to secure it.    But we have to show we are serious. If we are prepared to say we will enforce the no-fly zone, then we can turn to them and say, and you have got to do your bit on the ground. And then we see where we are if we take those two steps. That could change the climate. It will certainly put us in a position to be better able to make the judgment about what other steps may be necessary than we are right now. So that is where I would start.    In Iraq, I cannot underscore the point strongly enough that this isn't about reclaiming territory from Islamic State so much as it is about seeing whether some basic political accords are possible that will make Iraqi Sunnis feel, once again, that they are part of this state and have a future in it.    I had a conversation with the speaker of the Iraqi Parliament, a Sunni. As his position indicates, he has bought into the new order in Iraq, unlike many other Sunnis. But he said that anyone who expects Iraqi Sunnis to stand against ISIS is first going to have to persuade them that life will be better under an Iraqi Government than it is under the Islamic State now. And given the sectarian nature of the Iraqi Government now, that is a hard case to make.    So that fundamental political dynamic has to change. It isn't going to happen by itself. It can only happen if the U.S. is directly engaged as a catalyst. Because right now, it isn't Iraqi Security Forces who are in the vanguard in many of these clashes, it is Shia militias. And for Iraqi Sunnis, that is the ultimate nightmare. And there is another issue, the Kurds. It is absolutely the case that they have fought hard and well in both northern Syria and in northern Iraq. But the Kurds are not the answer to a strategy to liberate Sunni Arab areas.    In many of those areas, the Kurds are viewed with just about as much suspicion as the sectarian Baghdad government is. So we have got to be very careful how far and where we go with the Kurds. So again, there are military steps we can take that can change the political context. I can see that more clearly in Syria. In Iraq, if we are going to significantly ramp up our effort, we have to look at what force is going to hold. Because if it is a force that is perceived by Sunnis to be Shia-dominated and Iran-oriented, we might be better off never having cleared it in the first place.    The Chairman. No one can speak with greater authority about the internal political dynamics of Iraq than you. Thank you. Mr. Smith.    Mr. McLaughlin. To me, I think you can do this without bringing religion into it. I think the whole debate over what we label these people is overblown and gets in the way. I mean, we have all said it, it is absolutely true, Islam is not a violent religion. There is a portion of Islam that is perverted by these people and that works with social conditions that are conducive to recruiting alienated young people, end of story. It is the reality. We shouldn't really spend a lot of time on what we want to label it, it seems to me. It is a perverted sect of Islam that causes this, end of story. And we went through this at the time of 9/11, because prior to 9/11, we had trouble getting the kind of cooperation that we wanted from, for example, Saudi Arabia. After 9/11, we still struggled with it. About 2003, there were compound bombings in Saudi Arabia and----    Mr. McLaughlin. Until it hit home. But I must say, to give the Saudis their credit, once it hit home, at least at an official level in terms of our dealings with the government, people like Muhammad bin Nayef and others who were and still are in charge of counterterrorism, they swiveled, and they were good partners, very good partners. And they have since helped in a number of ways, including warning us on a couple of occasions. Recall the incident in which they warned us of a--according to the press--warned us of a bomb that was being placed on a FedEx plane and so forth.    So they are pretty good partners in this. But, you are absolutely right, we are all paying the price, and they are paying the price for policies that they and others followed years ago, which are having now unintended consequences. That is the reality of it.    Mr. McLaughlin. I do. I do concur. I think the other message it sends that ISIS would not like is you are welcome here. ISIS would like you to think you are welcome only in their caliphate.    Mr. McLaughlin. Well, one thing I learned about Russia over my career is, the Russians will follow their own interests. So we always have to ask what are their interests in all of this? They approach this rather rationally and unemotionally.    And in this case, I think Putin got involved in the Middle East for a number of very hardheaded reasons. One, he wanted to show the world that Russia is still a great power. Two, he has accomplished one of his goals, I think, which is to distract us somewhat from Ukraine. It would be very hard now to really muster a consensus on Ukraine in the aftermath of what we are seeing. Number three--here is an interesting point--he actually has, in some ways, as big a problem with ISIL as we do, maybe bigger.    The head of the Russian security service, their internal service, FSB, said that there are about 2,400 Russians fighting with ISIS. Most of them probably come from the part of Russia called the Caucasus, places like Chechnya, Kabardino-Balkaria, and so forth. And we saw a couple of people socialized in that environment show up at the Boston bombing, if you recall.    So he has to worry that people fighting for ISIS in Syria will go back to a part of Russia where he, in his early days, fought a war to keep Chechnya within the Russian Federation. So that is another interest he has.    Now, whether this inclines him to be our partner in all of this is hard to gauge, but I think--here is the way I would think about it--maybe Ambassador Crocker and I may differ a little on this--I think that we may have to work with him, if he is willing, in a limited sense, limited time-wise and issue-wise, in much the way that--because this is the Middle East. Nothing works like this. It is always like this. It is always a little crooked, a little off base.    So in this case, we should have no illusions that we are making an alliance with him, or anything like that, but if we can find a way to gain Russian cooperation without sacrificing too much of our own interests, I don't see that that is counterproductive. And in my testimony, I said, I think it is going to be hard to get a political solution in Syria without Russian acquiescence or cooperation. Just because they----    Mr. McLaughlin. Well, I will just wrap it up by saying that, that the Russians have sufficient influence in Syria; that unless we find a way independently, or through other means to destroy Assad, where we don't have to deal with that factor anymore, the factor of a Syrian Government that has to be somehow brought to the table and managed through a transition, Russia is going to have some sort of voice in that, which, of course, is another interest of his, another reason why he went into Syria to make sure that he didn't lose his base at Tartus and the land installation he has at Latakia.    So that is my general perspective on this, which is proceed with caution, but get what you can in terms of interests.    Mr. McLaughlin. If I could add a point to what the ambassador said, with which I completely agree, when we talk about military component here, and in my testimony, I do, as the ambassador does, recommend some amping up of a number of things. And I would underline, I think, that maybe the safe zone would be--to answer another question that came here--maybe the most dramatic and consequential thing that could be done, because it would be visible, it would be different, it would require leadership, it would require risk, it would require coalition activity, and it would grab the attention of the region, and it would send a good message to Sunnis.    That said, when we talk about military action, going to your point, Congressman, I think we always have to remember to ask the question, what comes next? So you have got to go through phase one, phase two, phase three, and the important phase, phase four.    What happens when we do amp up our military and we go in and we--through one means or another, hard to calibrate here--manage to get Mosul back or Ramadi or Fallujah and break down Raqqah, what is our plan then? Who goes in? What is the governance structure that we contemplate? Who is in charge of it? What is our role in bringing it about?    So I just urge everyone, even though the two of us seem to favor a greater military component, that we all need to step back and say, and then what?    Mr. McLaughlin. Well, we are in the early days of recalibrating our thinking about this, I believe, as a result of Paris. And as I said to the chairman just before we began, this feels a lot like post-9/11 to me in terms of the barrage of conflicting reports we are getting from the media, and in terms of the emotions we have about it and the frustration we feel.    So even though we feel a greater sense of urgency and should--and should--I am the one who said time matters--we need to do it with all due deliberation.    Mr. McLaughlin. Well, I think we need to be seen and to be the leader. There is a struggle for leadership going on here, and I think we are two or three beats behind. Just over the last number of years, it has just worked that way. And there was a time when the U.S. was the power broker and honest broker in the Middle East.    A lot of what Ambassador Crocker is talking about in Baghdad amounts to what I would call the ``Honest Broker'' rule, the one that everyone can come to in a region that is very, very divided. We have succeeded in the past when we have forcefully seized that role. That is the first thing we need to do.    The second thing we need to do--we have talked about the military component. I think, you know, we agree we need to do more and we need to be seen as the ones organizing that more and bringing others along with a concept of what we are going to do and where it is going to end, what is the exit--not exit. ``Exit'' is a bad word--what it is going to evolve into. Because I don't think exit is what we want to do in the Middle East.    Finally--and I am going to stop and let Ambassador Crocker have the time here--finally, I think on Assad and the choice that Russia is trying to set up, I think clearly they were trying to set that up, and perhaps they still are, although their calculations are changing a bit, now that they have had a plane taken down. That is not going over well in Russia.    Mr. McLaughlin. And I think--I cannot prove this to you--but I think Putin went in there with the understanding, at some level, that Assad cannot rule this country again, the Syria we have known. He might have been able to help Assad shrink it down to a small patch that he owns, and I think--in the councils being discussed in Russia, people must sit around and say, our goal is not to preserve this person.    Mr. McLaughlin. Our goal is to make sure that when the system changes, we are calling a lot of the shots on who is in. So I think he is not wedded to this individual. Now, we have got to find a way to get into that----    Mr. McLaughlin . Wedge and call the shots.    Mr. McLaughlin. So as not to seem like Pollyanna here, to disappoint the ambassador, I would just rephrase it a little bit to say I think Russia may be recalculating its interests here, not really changing its desires.    Mr. McLaughlin. I think ``containment'' is a bad term to use with this group. The philosophy that I have always believed in when it comes to defeating a terrorist group has three parts: First, you have to destroy the leadership; second, you have to deny it safe haven; and third, you have to change the conditions that gave rise to the problem.    Okay, with Al Qaeda, we did the first two pretty well. The third, that is a bigger whole-of-government, long-term issue changing the conditions that give rise to this. With ISIS, we haven't destroyed the leadership, they have a safe haven, and the conditions are all in flames. So the idea of containing something that explosive doesn't seem like the right idea.    I am not sure what containment even means. Seems to me, if you bottle these people up, they are still going to keep coming to Paris, Brussels, Turkey, perhaps here.    Mr. McLaughlin. I would just think that--no, I think Ambassador Crocker has authority on this by virtue of his time there and his success and his experience.    The main point I would underline that he made, which I have seen time and time again is, it is much harder to get that influence back than to keep it when you have it. Now, however, I will just elaborate a bit by saying, if we don't get it back--as I say in my testimony, if we don't get it back, the consequences are Iraq will not survive as a unitary state, nor will they ever have an effective fighting force, which, in turn, means that Iran will own this problem.    Mr. McLaughlin. Yeah, this is going to be a long, hard slog involving political, military--and I want to emphasize what the ambassador said a number of times--whole of government. The President has to lead. He has to reach out to this branch of the government, which I have been through seven or eight----    Mr. McLaughlin . Administrations and I see that rarely happening.    Mr. McLaughlin. I think if we refuse to accept them, we send a terrible message that will appear in ISIS propaganda. It will say, you, Sunnis, you refugees, you people who are fleeing, you are welcome only in the Islamic State in the caliphate. You are not welcome in these materialistic, corrupt countries. We will just play into that narrative.    Mr. McLaughlin. Well, ironically, I mean, counterterrorism is the thing we have worked probably most intensely on over the last 12 years. It is the top of the heap in terms of priority. The gap issue is always a hard one to understand. In other words, the way I would put it is, we collectively, our allies and we, the United States, have prevented a lot of terrorist attacks, foiled them, disrupted them.    They get through sometimes. They got through in Paris. I don't know enough about the reporting that flowed back and forth to understand exactly how that happened. I understand, for example, there was a paper written here that referred publicly to one of the perpetrators, to the so-called mastermind. Some of these people were on our lists.    The only thing I can say to explain this without regrouping my colleagues and saying, tell me everything you know, would be that in this particular line of work, it is very labor intensive. And particularly when it comes to surveillance, you run out of resources real fast, particularly in a country like France, which is relatively large, has a--among the Europeans, I would say the French counterintelligence--counterterrorism effort is probably the best. And yet, they probably simply missed it because they were overwhelmed by the task.    So there is an urgency that has to always be present. You have to check out every lead, and then you have got to go to school on your mistakes, go to school on what happened here, which I am sure they are going to be doing to ask what more do we need. You will see them. They have declared this state of emergency. They have very intrusive surveillance laws, as you know, which don't even require court orders, to monitor phones and so forth.    So I think we have to also step back and ask ourselves, for intelligence as a whole, do we have the balance right in the terms of the way we think about it? There is a big debate now, as you know, about strong encryption. The whole Snowden thing, I can tell you that it had a powerful effect in warning terrorists not about specific methods, but about the fact that our surveillance is very good.    And they have tightened up their communication, so that has made the job of intelligence much harder, and when you put--I don't know that strong encryption was involved in the Paris thing yet. I don't know whether we know that, but I have heard Director Comey's testimony about the effect that that has had on our inability to detect certain things here, such as the events that happened in Texas, for example.    Mr. McLaughlin. It would not. In order to----    Mr. McLaughlin. That, to me, is not exactly a separate problem, but it is a problem----    Mr. McLaughlin. It is a problem not closely connected to--there is two types of attacks we could have: One is one that would originate here from homegrown; another is one that could come here from planning over there.    Mr. McLaughlin. Well, I don't think either one of us are arguing for a ground invasion.    Mr. McLaughlin. The way I would----    Mr. McLaughlin. You know, before we came in here, Ambassador Crocker and I were talking on the side here, and one of the points we made to each other was, having been in government, we recognize that government is very hard. It is very hard to do any of this stuff we are talking about here. And I know that the President has a logical approach here. I would call it contain and strangle, if I were giving it a name.    I think what we are all struggling with is Paris happened despite that. And I don't see anything we have said as being inordinately critical of the President. What we are saying basically is, is what we are doing now adequate to prevent further incidents like that and particularly here. And to me, it is not persuasive that the suite of techniques we are using now is up to that task. And that is how I would put it.    Mr. McLaughlin. And if we were still in government, we would still be struggling with this, I can tell you.    Mr. McLaughlin. Well, acknowledging, again, that it is hard to sequence something this complicated. It just seems to me that you have to set priorities. And you have to say, in these circumstances, it is more important for us right now to degrade ISIS, and not to give up the idea of getting rid of Assad. Because the dilemma here is you cannot have--I can't imagine a political solution that preserves Syria and brings in the 70 percent of Syrians who are Sunni if Assad is there. So that is the dilemma. But given what we have in front of us in terms of realities, I don't see how we do both at the same time. And I assume that is why Secretary Kerry is saying--has said a number of times now, and I believe the Russians have also--you can read this between the lines--have said, Secretary Kerry has said Assad doesn't have to go right away. So you look at the Vienna talks, and it appears that the communiques that have been signed indicate that we have a 6-month period in which we try to figure out how do we get to that point of a transitional government, or a temporary government, and then an 18-month period during which time a new constitution is written and elections occur.    I am sure this is a fragile agreement. I am sure it is just barely hanging by a thread. But I think the table is set for something that ultimately moves Assad out, with the priority being to get to a point with ISIS first where we have some confidence that that part of the equation is under control. That is how I am seeing it.    The Chairman. Okay. Fair point. We have a late entrant for a brief question. Mr. Lamborn.    Mr. McLaughlin. I don't disagree with anything the ambassador said. The only thing I would add is I don't think there has been a tilt toward Iran, perceptions aside. Without knowing precisely what is discussed within the administration, though, I think there is a hope that somehow in this 15-year period that we buy with the nuclear agreement, there is a hope, I am assuming, that there will be some kind of transformation inside Iran. There were some bits of data you can seize upon to strengthen that hope. Generally pro-American views of the man on the street, the large numbers of women, 40 percent of their university graduates are women. A lot of things about Iran that are at odds with the behavior we see on the part of their government. I suspect there is a hope among those who work on Iran that they may change. But 15 years is not a long time.    Mr. McLaughlin. Well, as I viewed their behavior since the nuclear agreement, I haven't seen anything that strengthens my hope that they will change. I think the ambassador has it right. Until we see something fundamentally different about them, we have to do exactly as Yitzhak Rabin advised.