    Mr. Kornze. Yes.    Mr. Kornze. Thank you, Chairman, Ranking Member Lawrence, and the other members of the committee. It is a pleasure to be with you today.    The Bureau of Land Management manages 250 million acres on the surface of this Nation and about 700 million acres of its subsurface minerals. We manage these lands under the dual framework of multiple use and sustained yield which is a mandate from Congress which has its 40th anniversary this year.    We at the BLM take seriously our obligation under this framework to ensure the Federal Government's on-shore energy resources, both renewable and conventional, are developed in a safe and responsible manner. Every year we face the challenge of meeting this obligation while also moving forward with some of the most advanced and largest energy projects in the world.    The BLM's oil and gas program continues to provide critical resources to our Nation's energy supply. In fact, on lands where you need a BLM permit to drill, oil production has more than doubled during this administration, which outpaces production increases seen nationwide over that same time period.    In fiscal year 2015 on-shore oil and gas royalties from Federal leases exceeded $1.8 billion, approximately half of that money goes back to the States where the development occurred. Over the same period, tribal royalties exceeded $850 million all of which went to tribal or individual Indian mineral owners.    In addition to overseeing this growth in production, the BLM continues to offer leasing and drilling opportunities far in excess of industry demand. For instance, last year, the BLM offered more than 4 million acres of lease sales, yet industry only bid on 15 percent of that acreage. Similarly, industry currently has 32 million acres under lease, an area roughly the size of Alabama. However, only 12 million of those acres or less than 40 percent are producing oil. And last year the BLM approved more than double the number of drilling permits than there were wells drilled on the lands where they could be used.    Furthermore, by the end of the year, there were nearly 4 years worth of permits ready to drill without any additional work or review by the Bureau of Land Management. These permits have been approved and are on the shelf in the hands of industry today.    Part of what we see in these important statistics is that as is always the case, current oil prices, market conditions, and geographic considerations drive development decisions. With respect to leasing, the BLM's actions are guided by the Mineral Leasing Act which instructs the BLM to hold quarterly lease sales in States where lands are available. In the lower 48, the leasing process starts with the public identifying parcels that they would like offered at a lease sale. The BLM decides whether to include a particular parcel in a lease sale based on allocation decisions made in applicable land use plans, our evaluation of resource conflicts, and compliance with other statutory requirements and management objectives.    Once we identify those parcels that are appropriate for potential inclusion in a sale, the BLM prepares an environmental analysis in order to give the public and the BLM an opportunity to look more closely at the management considerations surrounding an individual parcel in order to inform the ultimate leasing decision on that parcel.    Given the extraordinary demands placed on public lands and the resources they contain, the BLM works closely with stakeholders throughout the process to ensure the development is directed to the right places that have the fewest resource conflicts. After completing the necessary reviews, the BLM offers parcels at a lease sale. Normally the sale schedule is announced at the beginning of the year. However, from time to time there have to be adjustments and occasionally postponements. This happens if there are no lands available, the applicable presale requirements have not been completed, or in isolated cases unpredictable events or safety concerns justify a postponement.    When an unpredictable event or safety concern prompts a postponement, all of the parcels that would have been offered at that postponed sale are offered at a subsequent sale, typically that same year, often just a few months later.    Recognizing that there are always opportunities to improve the BLM is making important investments in our leasing process consistent with our larger effort to modernize our oil and gas program. Notably, since receiving new permanent statutory authority, the BLM has been working to stand up an Internet-based leasing system and we intend to phase in this new process with online lease sales later this year.    Thank you for the opportunity to be here. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Kornze. So in terms of production on lands where you need a BLM permit to drill, it is about 7 percent of the Nation's oil and about 11 percent of the Nation's gas.    Mr. Kornze. We see a strong correlation between prices and interest in leasing. So, for instance, and there has been, of course, a steep decline in oil prices recently. And we have seen a very strong drop off in drilling, and in APD applications, drilling permit applications, particularly this year. It didn't go over the cliff last year, but right now we are seeing half or a third of what we were seeing just a year ago.    Mr. Kornze. So somewhere around 36, 37 percent of the lands that are leased are actually being used for production. When they are producing, they are producing important revenues for the country, and we are proud to be part of that.    Mr. Kornze. So we had some procedural errors in our leasing effort there. So the short story is that the Forest Service put forward a plan for approving potential leases in that area in the 1990s when we went forward with leases in the Aughts. We did not correctly link our analysis to the environmental analysis of the Forest Service. So they were issued with error, and the Interior Board of Land Appeals, IBLA immediately threw out three of them that were challenged and the rest of them continue to have difficulties.    So we are going back, doing NEPA, evaluating the situation and we are working through that process right now.    Mr. Kornze. So I am going to have to refer you to the White House, the Antiquities Act is a Presidential power, and you know, any decisions that relate to that are under the auspices of ----    Mr. Kornze. I am going to direct you to CEQ in the White House for information on what they are working on or what they are not working on.    Mr. Kornze. I would say we receive requests and interests from a lot of people from all types of stakeholders on these issues.    Mr. Kornze. I have heard discussion related to multiple possibilities.    Mr. Kornze. I am talking about looking at the country and figuring out where would this be appropriate, where would it not?    Mr. Kornze. Yes.    Mr. Kornze. Well----    Mr. Kornze. I mean, it depends on what we are talking about, sir.    Mr. Kornze. Is there a Member of Congress involved? Not that I am aware of, but I am going to refer you to the White House for more information on what they are working on.    Mr. Kornze. I don't know what--I don't know the request you are referring to, so----    Mr. Kornze. I am not familiar with that request so I couldn't tell you.    Mr. Kornze. So it has been a consistent position of this administration to make sure that any use of the Antiquities Act is done through community conversation, that it is responding to local interests.    Mr. Kornze. There have been public hearings before other designations. So----    Mr. Kornze. Which?    Mr. Kornze. I presume if a decision is made to pursue with interest that sort of concept, that there would be a public process involved.    Mr. Kornze. That has been the practice of this administration to make sure that there is a public process.    Mr. Kornze. Yeah, you sure can.    Mr. Kornze. So a lot of it depends on industry interests. All right, so we have, I believe, five different projects in Wyoming alone that have received records of decision, or near that point in the process and are able to move forward. A very large portion of what we have on the list to continue to move forward are projects that have essentially been approved but are sitting on the shelf because industry has asked us to pause. So there is a considerable amount of leasing that is available to move in Wyoming in addition to other States.    Mr. Kornze. Yeah.    Mr. Kornze. So I will clarify. We intend to have one lease sale online this summer, hope to have two or three this fall. And then if those are a success, we should be using it broadly next year.    Mr. Kornze. So I think part of it is, you know, looking at a regulatory scheme and seeing if the authority that was given to us matches with our regulations and how we thread that needle. Because there is an odd requirement for us that it be oral bidding, so we are trying to figure out how do you meld oral bidding with an online system.    And then other than that, you know, finding a contractor, getting the contract in place, putting together our rules of the road and our guidance for our team, so I can understand the desire to move faster and we are almost there.    Mr. Kornze. Let me consult with my staff. It should be very soon. Okay. It should be within the next few weeks.    Mr. Kornze. No, next 2 weeks, let's say.    Mr. Kornze. We, just to make sure I--correct me if I don't get to the point of your question here, we are intending to move ahead with everything that is on our schedule to the degree that we have lands that are available and the situations are, you know, we can provide for the safety and, you know, reasonable disposition of those sales.    A lot of the difficulty we have had is, you know, adjusting to the level of public interest that has been brought to these lease sales. Historically, these have been quiet affairs, 15, 20 people sitting together conducting these sales. And now we often times have hundreds of people attending so we had an adjustment period through December, January, but I think Utah is a great example where we had a lease sale that was postponed in December and we have successfully orchestrated and had that lease sale since then.    Mr. Kornze. We were surprised by the level of interest and so we were under the impression there were going to be hundreds of people attending.    Mr. Kornze. Generally demonstrators, yes.    Mr. Kornze. Well, it is part of the ethos of the agency to make sure that we have as much of a public process as we can. So if folks want to attend in a reasonable way, express opinion, yeah, that is something that we welcome.    Mr. Kornze. Earlier as in----    Mr. Kornze. We saw press releases a day, day-and-a-half in advance, and we had in Utah, traditionally held these in our State office and so, you know, having this kind of--having a 15-person, you know, fairly docile meeting in the midst of our employee space was something we were very used to, a day-and-a-half in advance being able to find a place appropriate for a few hundred people, that, you know, with different levels of excitement, took us some time.    So that was the reason that we postponed that sale and sought a different venue.    Mr. Kornze. Uh-huh.    Mr. Kornze. Well, we also we have had an abnormal security situation related to some public agencies, including ours. All right, we have had a situation where we have had militias. We have had people raising arms at different times and we are on heightened alert. Right.    We are concerned about safety and so a situation which we are not used to separating out, who's a bidder and who's not in a routine way, you know, gives us some pause and led us to take a half step back and say, how do we do this in the very near future and do it in a reasonable way that ensures the safety of everyone involved?    Mr. Kornze. So the ones that Congresswoman Lawrence referred to, that was in Colorado.    Mr. Kornze. So----    Mr. Kornze. So there's a range, there's about 65 different leases in Colorado that are being reviewed through this process. Some have active oil and gas production. And some have nothing. So there's the entire spectrum.    Mr. Kornze. Yes.    Mr. Kornze. So what is on the table right now in terms of a proposal is the Forest Service has redone their oil and gas land use plan for the White River National Forest so they have taken a fresh look based on recent information and said, here are the areas we think are appropriate for oil and gas. Here are the ones that we don't going forward. We have during our NEPA process incorporated that most recent information that they've provided and that they used and followed very similar lines. So places where they say we don't think oil and gas makes sense, we've followed a similar proposal or we have put forward a similar proposal and in places where they have said, you know, we think oil and gas is a good use of this land, we're proposing to leave those in place. But anyplace where there is existing production, that production will continue.    Mr. Kornze. We are working on that. I will be frank that we had some confusion as to which fiscal year it was desired in. And so we are doing a double quick effort to get that done and get that up to you.    Mr. Kornze. Okay.    Mr. Kornze. Yeah, well, I appreciate the question. Those two States do have the largest numbers of horses and are a serious concern. So for those that are less oriented on wild horses and burros just as an entry level discussion, there are about 50,000 horses on the range--excuse me 60,000 horses on the range in the West. About 50,000 that we have removed and are now in long-term holding pastures, usually in Midwestern States. Our own internal recommendation as to how many horses should be on the range is somewhere just south of 30,000. So we are nearly double what it should be range wide. In some places, some individual spaces it is many fold over where it should be. So we have two difficulties here. One is that the reproductive rate is 15, 20 percent per year. These populations can double in 3-and-a-half years, and on the back end of the program, adoptions which is the outlet of the program have declined precipitously. We used to adopt out nearly 10,000 horses a year and now we are lucky if we get 2,000 adopted.    So a couple of things that we are doing, one, we are trying to be more vocal about this. And so I appreciate you asking the question. I think more public dialogue is needed. But we are very focused on birth control methods and looking at, you know, both drugs that can provide a 2-, 3-, 4-, 5-year window of birth control because right now we have PZP, but PZP will only, you know, reduce fertility for a year. And so we need a longer-term tool because we can't get out and touch every horse every year. It is just simply not possible with the budgets we have. So we have invested nearly $11 million in roughly 20 different projects, 15, 20 different projects. So we are working with USGS. We are working with big universities trying to pull together a research program that if we have success, it can be verified, it can be duplicated. A lot of what we have seen in the past has been smaller teams, smaller researchers, some of which couldn't be replicated. So we are taking a big science approach in hopes that we can truly find a solution on that side.    We are also looking at issues of spaying and neutering. We have to be creative about what's possible. I think in the medium term, spaying and neutering horses as we spay and neuter our dogs and cats may be something that we need to do. And so we are researching that as well and the best tools and the best ways. So that's part of our program.    We are also trying to talk vocally about the actual cost of the program. One of the questions that I asked my team when I joined the agency was, how much are we spending? Because, you know, the team sat with me one day and said, here are three scenarios for potential gathers next year. How many should we do? And I said, well, what's the long-term cost that comes with each one of those choices? And we didn't have an answer. It took as you while to figure out lifetime costs, but that lifetime cost is approximately $50,000, or up to $50,000 per horse over the course of its life. So that is a lot of money that could be invested into a lot of very important public programs. So it is important for us that we find more adopters, that we have fewer horses coming into the system, that we find some broad--some broad ways to move forward. So if you have other ideas, we are very open and I appreciate you asking the question.    Mr. Kornze. We do not sell outside of the country that I am aware of.    Mr. Kornze. No.    Mr. Kornze. Yeah, our focus is on making sure that there's a humane situation for the horses; that they end up with good homes.    Mr. Kornze. So we'll say that we are, EPA does have a proposal that relates to venting. I don't believe it looks at flaring. Our regulatory approach looks at both. We have been working closely with EPA to make sure that we are not providing duplication. In fact, we have a portion of our rule that speaks to the fact that if you are meeting EPA requirements, that you can step back from requirements that we have. So, and part of what traditionally the EPA does is they look forward and say new or modified operations, we'll follow their regulation, whereas we already have 100,000 different oil and gas wells open on public lands. So we have a regulatory responsibility there. And the bigger issue is that there are--sort of brings this all together for us and brings us the urgency is that there's roughly $400 million worth of American energy going up in the air. It is either being flared, or it's just being vented so it's really a conversation about is there a way to more productively in a reasonable fashion get more of the energy in the pipelines and used in American homes because, you know, I believe the statistic is something, it is enough energy to power 5 million homes. So that is a loss that I am not sure we are prepared to take, so we're taking a look at that and that's why we are having a public comment on our rule.    Mr. Kornze. Ours is just public lands. Yeah.    Mr. Kornze. So it's a 3-year pause and then a programmatic review which mimics what was done in the Nixon administration and during the Reagan administration. I have not heard any discussion of doing something similar with oil and gas.    Mr. Kornze. No.    Mr. Kornze. Yeah.    Mr. Kornze. You bet. We would be happy to do that.    Mr. Kornze. I am going to have to track that down for you.    Mr. Kornze. You bet.    Mr. Kornze. Yeah.    Mr. Kornze. I don't believe we have. I mean, if this mimics the information that would come from the report that we referred to earlier, if you can provide, you know, specific data requests, you know, we might be able to get that to you, you know, in a fairly efficient manner.    Mr. Kornze. Okay. Thank you very much.