    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you allowing me to participate in this. I have fished the Gulf of Mexico since my granddad took me to fish off the Steinhatchee Bridge. And, as I was telling war stories with the good captain before, I think we have probably fished against each other in the Bay Point Billfish Tournament. The gentleman that ran our boat was a commercial fisherman. Certainly, I have no intent whatsoever to take anything from the commercial industry, or hurt them in any way, shape, or form.    As someone who spent a lot of days on the Gulf, though, I do feel like the Council has taken something that was a right that Americans had--from them, the American fishermen. When we originally started making the changes to the fishery, I want you to know I actually supported a reduction in the number of days. I called, spoke to Roy Crabtree, as a matter of fact, told him I felt like our bycatch--that we were killing too many fish.    One of the things that does not get talked about much is the fact that bringing the fish home does not kill the fish any deader than catching it and then throwing it back in the water. It does not make any difference to the population if I catch the fish in state waters, in the front of the boat, or if I catch it in Federal waters, in the back of the boat. The fish is still dead. In some cases I can bring him to shore, and in some cases I cannot, if I am across this line that the fish do not know about.    But Mr. Crabtree testified--with due respect, Mr. Risenhoover--that the population of snapper was larger than it had been in the last 30 to 40 years. This was just a couple of weeks ago on----    Mr. Scott. So we, as the recreational fishermen--and again, I was one who supported the reduction in the number of days, based on the promise that we would get our season back when the fishery was restored--it is restored well beyond where it was when this started.    So, for my colleagues, I will tell you they took us from 194 days with a 4-fish limit--as a dad who wants to take his kid fishing--194 with 4, to now 10 with 2. And, if I happen to be standing in the right place at the right time, and if I had gotten one of the right licenses, I could go out and catch 100 a day. But those permits were not auctioned off. And what is happening in many cases is, people who have a charter boat license and a commercial license are effectively selling their catch share as a charter trip. That is something that I think we need to address.    The other thing I would suggest, that catch shares are--to collect revenue, and if it were oil, we would be auctioning it off to the general public and using the money to restore habitat.    With that said, I want to go to you, Mr. Wiley, simply because I fish in your waters, and if I get stopped by the marine patrol down there I want to be able to tell them I know you.    Mr. Scott. How do you propose to work together on the assessments and the data gathering? I know what I see when we are out there fishing. If you would just talk through that a little bit, and if you could talk to the issue of the bycatch a little bit.    Mr. Scott. Does NOAA currently contract with the states for the enforcement of any of the laws?    Mr. Scott. Absolutely. So there is already a trust relationship between NOAA and the states with regard to allowing you to handle the law enforcement-related issues with regard to the very fisheries laws that we are talking about.    Mr. Scott. Mr. Chairman, again, I want to thank you for allowing me to be here. And to those of you from the commercial industry, look, all I want is my fishing season back. Taking a dad down to 10 days, I have not been able to go fishing since they did that. And that is just flat-out un-American.    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, ma'am, you said, you know--picking winners and losers. Well, with all due respect, as a dad, I am the loser. You know, we are down to 10 days. There is not much else you can take from us. So we are either going to be able to fish together, or we can shut down the whole fishery, as far as I am concerned. But you know, we ought to be working together.    Unfortunately, what has been taken from us has gotten to the point there is nothing else to take from us. So, it seems that it is fine if we go fish and kill the fish, as long as I am willing to pay somebody else to take me. But I cannot be the one that teaches my kids, like my granddad taught me and my dad, and we cannot just enjoy that time together by ourselves. We have to pay somebody else to do it.    So, the catch shares system, Mr. Zales, I want to ask you about this, because you stand to personally gain financially, as the commercial fishermen did, the ones who ended up with the quotas. It is a license to create revenue from the government that nobody ever paid for. My opinion is it should have been auctioned off, just like oil rights, timber rights, or anything else. If I am willing to pay $5 a pound for it, and somebody else is only willing to pay $4, I should be able to buy the poundage and catch it with my family.    But you are still opposed to this, even though you would personally benefit financially to what is happening with the Gulf Council, and you actually support the legislation. Would you speak to that issue a little bit?    Mr. Scott. Can I ask you that--and what we call harvesting is actually bringing the fish back to shore. The one that I catch, kill, and feed Flipper----    Mr. Scott. Thank you for standing up for the rights of Americans that just want to fish. And you can laugh all you want to. I mean the bottom line is that this is about money, guys. That is all you all want. It is OK for me to go fish, as long as you get paid for it.    Mr. DeLaCruz, when you were allocated your catch shares, did you have to pay for them?    Mr. Scott. Did you?    Mr. Scott. You bought a permit, though. Did you----    Mr. Scott. I am going to ask real quick. What is 15,000 pounds--snapper sells for about $4 a pound, right?    Mr. Scott. Fifteen hundred pounds.    Mr. Scott. But today it trades per pound, right?    Mr. Scott. But a high net worth recreational fisherman could go out and buy a commercial license and could buy commercial poundage, and could effectively go fish whenever he wants to. But the guy who is working on the assembly line, he is just out of luck.    Mr. Scott. Nobody is trying take what you are doing away----    Mr. Scott. Nobody is trying to take what you are doing away from you, we are trying to get a reasonable fishing season back.    Mr. Scott. The reason we have a 10-day season is because of the lawsuit that you filed.