    Mr. Murphy. Good morning. We are here today at the Oversights and Investigations hearing on unlawful reinsurance payments to examine the transitional reinsurance program established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.    The administration has inexplicably changed its position on a major component of this program and specifically how reinsurance payments are allocated. Despite issuing two final rules that allocated a portion of the reinsurance payments to the U.S. Treasury, CMS changed its position to prioritize payments to insurers. Essentially, CMS ruled that the Treasury doesn't get any money until the insurers get paid.    CMS' latest interpretation contradicts the plain language of the law. Repeatedly, this interpretation contradicts the plain language of the law. This is just the latest in a long line of examples of the administration breaking its own signature law in an attempt to prop it up.    The reinsurance program was created to provide financial assistance to insurance companies who offered plans through Obamacare. The program incentivizes insurance companies to continue selling plans through healthcare.gov and State exchanges because it compensates them for enrolling high risk individuals. Final payments for this 3-year program will end in 2017.    For each enrollee, insurance companies contribute a set dollar amount to the program, and then the funds collected are distributed to insurers who enroll the highest risk individuals. Built into this program was a deficit reduction measure, a proportion of each individual contribution is allocated to the Treasury. The statute estimates that approximately $5 billion would be designated to the Treasury through this program with $20 billion going to insurers.    On March 11th, 2014, CMS issued a rule that spelled out how to divide the fund between Treasury, insurance companies, and administrative costs. CMS wrote that Treasury would receive about 25 percent of the fund in 2015.    But while insurers have received billions of dollars from the program, the Treasury has still received nothing. That is because CMS changed its mind ten days later after issuing its final March 11th, 2014 rule. Ten days later, CMS published a rule completely reversing its policy position. In the new rule, CMS prioritized payments to insurers over payments to the Treasury and in short Treasury gets nothing until insurers are paid in full. CMS finalized this rule in May of 2014.    But why did CMS dramatically reverse its own policy to favor insurance companies? We look forward to getting a straight answer from CMS today. We do know there is a cozy relationship between insurance companies and this administration, and the administration has worked to incentivize insurers to stick with the exchanges. In fact, we know that insurers have even emailed top White House officials begging for more taxpayer money to lower premiums and keep insurers selling Affordable Care Act plans.    I expect Mr. Slavitt will attempt to justify why CMS changed its interpretation of the law, and he may argue that the statute is ambiguous or silent about what to do if the fund doesn't collect the full amount. However, the statute clearly states in this statement here that the portion of the contribution intended for the Treasury shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury of the United States and may not be used for a reinsurance program. This means that each contribution includes a portion intended just for the Treasury and CMS cannot divert those funds to pay insurance companies instead.    Now the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service agrees with us that the statute is not ambiguous and it is not silent on the issue. CRS analyzed the statute and CMS' interpretations. The CRS found that the statute, quote, unambiguously states that each issuer's contribution contain an amount that reflect its proportionate share of the U.S. Treasury contribution and that these amounts should be deposited in the general fund of the U.S. Treasury, unquote.    Mr. Slavitt may also argue that neither the law nor CMS contemplated what to do if the reinsurance fund came up short of the target amounts. The law states, however, that a portion of what is collected must go to the Treasury. Moreover, CMS did contemplate what would happen if the fund did not collect enough money. In its final rule issued March 11th, 2014, CMS predicted there would be a variance between the statutory benchmark and actual amount received through the program.    When asked about the legal basis for diverting these funds at a February 24th, 2016, hearing before our Subcommittee on Health, Secretary Burwell provided no legal justification. The Secretary emphasized that this program is temporary, implying the committee's concerns are unimportant because the program will be over in 2017.    I disagree. I think this issue holds the utmost importance. CMS' actions exemplify a problem that goes beyond just this one Affordable Care Act program. When the executive branch decides to reprioritize the budget and divert money intended for the Treasury it is a concern for Congress. When CMS officials decide to ignore a clear mandate from Congress it is an affront to this legislative body.    The administration cannot rewrite its own law to make it more convenient for special interests. This sets a dangerous precedent and is an affront to the separation of powers. Moreover, this program funnels money to insurers, now with money intended for the Treasury, in an attempt to prop up the Affordable Care Act.    What will happen when this program runs out and there is no mechanism to underwrite high risk individuals who sign up on the exchanges? Will more insurers drop out? Will premiums raise even higher? The administration's actions appear to be trying to delay the inevitable, the collapse of the Affordable Care Act if it is not reformed.    I thank Mr. Slavitt for being here today. I know he and I have talked many times, and I appreciate his candor with me, and I hope that he will pledge to return CMS' first, lawful interpretation of the reinsurance program and allocate funds to Treasury as required by law.    Mr. Murphy. I now recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. DeGette of Colorado, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Without objection.    Mr. Murphy. The gentlelady yields back. I now recognize the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentleman yields back. I now recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentleman yields back. Now let me introduce our one witness here. Andy Slavitt is the Acting Administrator for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. As Acting Administrator, he oversees programs that provide access to quality health care for 140 million Americans including Medicaid and Medicare, the Children's Health Insurance Program, and Health Insurance Marketplace. You have been before us in this committee, so welcome back.    I ask unanimous consent also that the members' written opening statements be introduced in the record, and without objection, the documents will be entered into the record.    You are aware that this committee is holding an investigative hearing, Mr. Slavitt, and when doing so has the practice of taking testimony under oath. Do you have any objections to testifying under oath?    Mr. Murphy. And the Chair then would advise you that under the rules of the House, under rules of committee, you are entitled to be advised by counsel. Do you desire to be advised by counsel during your testimony today?    Mr. Murphy. In that case, would you please rise, raise your hand, and I will swear you in.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. You are now under oath and subject to the penalties set forth in Title 18, Section 1001, of the United States Code. You may now give a 5-minute summary of your witness statement.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Slavitt. Before I start I want unanimous consent to include the CRS memo in the record, so without objection, I will include that there.    Mr. Murphy. I recognize myself for 5 minutes. On March 11th, 2014, CMS did issue a final rule that it allocated a proportion of reinsurance contributions to Treasury in accordance with the law, and just ten days later CMS issued another rule reversing its position and prioritizing payments to insurers over the Treasury. Why did CMS change its mind?    Mr. Murphy. In its prior rulemaking though CMS had already contemplated what would happen if the reinsurance fund did not collect enough money and CMS said the Treasury would still receive a portion of the funds, so this is out of CMS' interpretation at the time. So the rule did not change because CMS had to figure out what to do if the fund came up short, correct?    Mr. Murphy. Sure. The rule did not change because CMS had to figure out what to do if the fund came up short. I mean, was that their motivation that it would come up short?    Mr. Murphy. But they had already contemplated that scenario that it might come up short and again then made this leap to change their interpretation, and this is what is so puzzling to us. One day they interpret it one way according to the law, and another day as you said some lawyers reviewed and changed their minds on that. I would think that we have responded in truth and the law instead of interpretations.    But let's go back to this nonpartisan Congressional Research Service statute which does speak to directly to the issue. I mean, CMS wrote that the law unambiguously states, and let me read the whole quote here, because the statute unambiguously states that each issuer's contribution contain an amount that reflects its proportionate share of the U.S. Treasury contribution and that these amounts should be deposited in the general fund of the U.S. Treasury, a contrary agency interpretation would not be entitled to deference under Chevron. Now you have read the CMS memo, I am assuming?    Mr. Murphy. Well, I don't give a darn what your lawyers say if they are wrong. I mean, what they are saying is, so this is a very unambiguous statement from CMS and Congress made a clear rule in this in the law. And just because some lawyer said, well, we don't agree with what the law says and we don't even agree with what CRS says, we are going to come up with our own interpretation, I don't see where the law grants any latitude to say, here is what the law says but this is open to the interpretation of any lawyer who wants to see otherwise.    So help me with this. I don't understand where the authority comes from to make that change.    Mr. Murphy. I think the wording unambiguously is pretty clear. I don't think that says there is multiple interpretations. Have you seen the movie, The Big Short?    Mr. Murphy. So you know in there the whole issue was while they are taking all these mortgages, AAA, AB rated, that the banks were basically reselling these and repackaging these to keep these bond packages strong, and other people were saying it cannot be sustained, the banks at some point can't keep doing this.    This whole thing looks to me of the same ilk, and I worry here. Look, I like the story you told about people who have insurance. I agree with you. I am glad people have that kind of coverage now. What worries me is that when this whole thing ends in a few months and they are not going to have this kind of thing to prop it all up anymore, we are going to see some collapse here in the health insurance market like occurred there for the bond markets.    I am out of time. I now give 5 minutes to Ms. DeGette.    Mr. Murphy. The gentlewoman yields back. I now recognize the vice chairman of the committee, Mr. McKinley, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I now recognize Ms. Castor of Florida for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentlewoman yields back, and now Dr. Burgess is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Hudson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I know we have votes coming up in a few minutes so we will move quickly. Mr. Green is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. We are going to recognize Ms. Blackburn if we can get that done. And I want to say there are two other members who want to come back and ask, and then also Mr.----    Mr. Murphy . But Ms. Blackburn will be recognized.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I know we have a vote now, and there is, I think, three members, Mr. Flores, Mr. Mullin and Ms. Brooks want to come back. Can you stick around and we will just do this after votes real quick? We will go right to the questions and then wrap it up. I appreciate that. Thank you very much. We will be back after votes.    Mr. Murphy. All right, we are reconvening this hearing from Oversight and Investigations on unlawful reinsurance payments, and now I am going to recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Mullin, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentleman yields back, and I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Flores, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. I believe then that is all the questions we have from our members. So I want to thank you, Mr. Slavitt, for being here today. I want to ask you one quick question. Can we get a commitment from you that the CMS will provide the documents pursuant to our March 23rd request in a timely manner? These are the ones regarding the reinsurance program.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. And because what we have got so far are the publicly available documents. Any idea when? Can you please tell us when CMS will produce these documents?    Mr. Murphy. We would like that.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you very much. So in conclusion, thank you so much for being with us today. And I want to remind members they have ten business days to submit questions for the record, and I ask Mr. Slavitt to respond promptly to those requests as well. And with that, this hearing is adjourned.