    Mr. Jones. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much. And to the two panelists, thank you for being here and for your service to our Nation.    I am always interested--I have been on this committee for 20 years, so I go back to the Iraq war and 9/11 and all the tragedies of 9/11.    And I heard you, Madam Secretary, and also, General Austin. You mentioned, Madam Secretary, sequestration. General Austin keeps talking about resources.    We have had the service chiefs in here recently to talk about their budgets, and I know the world is very unsettled. I know that we have a certain responsibility, first, to the American people and then to our friends in other regions of the world. I don't dispute that at all.    But I just wonder, when you--you know, you are talking about the training these security forces in Afghanistan that it is--you know, still it is going well or it is going okay--maybe is a better word than ``well.'' It is a long process.    I just wondered--I am not a great student of history, but I did study history. I just wonder how much longer can we as a nation--and you are a national figure because you are in the administration. General, you are an outstanding military man yourself.    How much longer can we keep going down this road and expect our military to continue to do this and that when their budgets are being cut behind them? And I have been a strong proponent, if we are going to get serious about the world situation, we need to have a war tax. We cannot keep playing this budget game that we keep playing here in Washington and have you come testify. And then we have to battle this thing on the floor of the House, the chairman and ranking member do, of trying to salvage whatever money we can salvage.    So my point is: Are we getting to a point that--as I think General Austin said, aren't we at a point that we need to say the administration military leaders, you know, you and Saudi, you have got a lot of troops, put your troops on the ground. We have got 100 to 200,000 Iraqis in the military. I know what we are trying to do. Some approximations I have heard is 20 to 30,000 fighters. General Austin, you say we have already killed 8,000. So let's take the high figure of 30,000 jihadists and reduce that to 20. I don't understand the numbers of this thing, the financial numbers, nor do I understand the numbers of kill.    And how in the world are we going to continue to expand and send our troops around the world and try to take care of everybody else's problems if they won't step up and take care of it themselves and say to America, ``You back us up, but we are going to be the frontline troops''? I don't know--I am not criticizing the administration. I just don't know how much longer this game can keep going on.    Mr. Jones. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Courtney.