    Mr. Hallinan. Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity to testify in today's hearing.    I'm here to speak to the importance of the Department of Energy's national light sources to research and to the technological challenges of the nation. I will also briefly address the impact of the proposed upgrades on research capabilities and U.S. scientific competitiveness. I thank the Committee for its long-standing and robust support of national light sources and energy research.    Synchrotron light sources are large-scale facilities. These clearly are not possible--practical for individual academic or industrial labs, let alone at home. However, they enable high-impact research that would not be possible otherwise, and they advance our scientific understanding of matter across length scales from the atomic to that which we can see with our own eyes. They provide insight into dynamics from ultrafast making and breaking of chemical bonds to structural relaxations that take longer than a year. They allow us to map in three dimensions the composition of materials that are poised to address energy and water needs of the country and the world.    So my personal experience with synchrotron light sources began during my postdoctoral fellowship at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory where I used four of the beam lines of the Advanced Light Source, and I worked with beam line scientists there. Now as an Assistant Professor at Florida State University, my group continues to collaborate with scientists at Berkeley Lab, but we also use, due to uniquenesses, some beam lines at the Advanced Photon Source of Argonne National Lab. FSU, Florida State University, recognizes the value of the travel to do this research, and they support it.    So this schematic that you see on the monitors I'm going to use just to explain to you briefly how the synchrotron light source actually works. So electrons are accelerated to near the speed of light around this ring, and in order to get them to curve around the ring, magnets are used. And when the magnets curve the electrons, x-rays are released tangentially, and you can see those x-rays then go to experiment stations. And there are many experiment stations located all around this ring. So they are--and there are many different types of experiments that can be done with these x-rays.    So you can categorize those experiments into three main types, and that's scattering, microscopy, and spectroscopy. So with scattering, x-ray scattering allows us to do is to look at both length and time scales of a very wide range of length and time scales of complex materials. Microscopy allows us to look inside materials so we can get inside something you couldn't see inside of with optical light and very small length scales and we can see the composition in there. And then spectroscopy specifically gives us the composition of materials. So, for example, we can watch the chemical changes that occur as we charge and discharge a battery that occur in the electrode, for example.    So just some statistics about these user facilities, there are many thousands of researchers that access the light sources across the nation each year at no charge, but this access is based on a competitive process. And the competitive process is to ensure that sound and impactful science is being conducted. The researchers come from a wide range of fields and generate thousands of research publications each year, contributing significantly to the nation's innovation-based economy.    And the most exciting thing to me is that these synchrotron light sources enable numerous scientific discoveries that wouldn't be practical without the facilities. And this practical uniqueness of each facility is the primary reason that they continue to be an integral part of my research program.    So I'll mention two areas of my personal research that they impact. So the first is safer, longer-lasting batteries. With batteries, we could increase dramatically the efficiency of our transportation. These electric vehicles are much more efficient than internal combustion engines. But commercial lithium-ion batteries now are not inherently safe. They have a flammable liquid electrolyte. There are engineering controls to protect against that, but they're not inherently safe, so that's why we're interested in polymer electrolytes. And these polymer electrolytes can not only enable safer batteries but they're compatible with some advanced electrode materials. But their dynamics are somewhat limited, and so we're studying the dynamics and the structure of polymer electrolytes for batteries.    The other area that I'm really interested I'm just going to touch on for a moment is energy-efficient water generation. So polymer electrolytes, polymers with charge in them are actually promising materials for generating more energy-efficient water from desalination, for example. But in order to do that, the structure of the polymer is very important, and that structure is a function of the water content and the salt concentration in the polymer. So we're using these--some of these x-ray facilities to study the structure as a function of salt and water in these polymers.    So in closing, for those of you who have not had the opportunity to visit one of these facilities, I would like to impress upon you the scale. So as you saw in that schematic, these things can be the size of a baseball field or even larger than the size of a whole baseball stadium depending on the facility, and they have hundreds of personnel, highly trained personnel, who work as a team to keep these things operating consistently and safely. There are a lot of safety concerns.    So this was really inspiring to me to see this many people working together on science. And I think it's a testament to what we have achieved, but new opportunities do await with the most recent synchrotron breakthroughs, and I encourage you to continue to robustly support the operating budgets of these facilities, as well as the proposed upgrades.    I thank you for your time, and I'm happy to answer any questions you might have.    Mr. Hallinan. Could I make a comment?    So there are other ways also to increase the capacity of energy we can store. And as has been mentioned, if we increase the voltage of--the energy that's stored is the product of the capacity times the voltage. So we can--to increase the energy, we can increase the capacity, which we can do by going to multivalent ions or going to other electrochemistries. Lithium air batteries is this holy grail that takes us an order of magnitude higher in battery capacity energy storage. But then we can also just go to higher voltage, make the voltage of the battery higher.    And in order to do those things, in addition to moving electrons through the electrodes, we also need to move ions from one electrode to the other, and that's where polymer electrolytes come into play because for--especially for lithium air batteries, we--it's essential to have a solid electrolyte, that a liquid electrolyte is not even a possibility for these advanced technologies.    But we need to address the slow dynamics of polymer electrolytes, and so I think if we can really make that breakthrough, we are really looking at either--between using multivalent ions and using new cathode chemistries, we're looking at an order of magnitude or even more increase in energy density in theory. I mean, it is a challenging problem, but it's theoretically possible.    Mr. Hallinan. Thank you. So these upgrades--the proposal--the upgrade proposals, they address mainly being able to look at complex materials in much smaller length scales and much faster times. And this is a new breakthrough in synchrotron science. It's already being implemented in Sweden, and there are plans to implement it in Brazil. So in that regard I would say regarding the upgrade to our synchrotron light sources, the United States is a little bit behind.    I think that really to look at polymer dynamics at the scale and at the rate that we need to, which is smaller than we can do now and is faster than we can do with our existing facility, so I do think the upgrades are important in addition to maintaining our competitiveness from a research standpoint.    Mr. Hallinan. Sure. So that's a--it's a challenging problem, and I think there are a number of constraints that we face. So one is we don't want to be spending large amounts of money to make these batteries just to store this energy for a short period of time, right? So we have this cost constraint, but then we also want these batteries to last a long time. We don't want to have to be replacing them regularly. We also need them to charge and discharge at a rate commensurate with either the production or the consumption of the energy.    And so when you look at batteries, there's a very wide array of different types of--we call them battery chemistries. Lithium-ion are very good for portable electronic devices, and they are now being used in electric vehicles. Nickel metal hydride are used in hybrid vehicles, so there are many different chemistries.    I think what Dr. Scherson mentioned earlier about these redox flow batteries, they seem to be the most promising for what I would call stationary storage. So we're--if we don't need to move battery around, we really don't care how much it weighs or how large it is to some limit. We care mainly about cost and satisfying the other needs of storage.    And so for--I think for grid storage, really these flow batteries--and the reason they're so interesting is once you've designed the electrodes, then if you need to scale them up, you just make a bigger tank of your liquid that you're going to flow to the battery. Now, I would say, you know, they're still at the research stage, but they seem the most promising from what I've seen.    Mr. Hallinan. Sure. So the electron beam at APS is--and actually at all of our synchrotron light sources is actually this long, wide beam--sorry, not the electron beam, the light--the x-rays themselves. And so if we want to do some of these advanced experiments, some measuring dynamics, we're essentially taking movies, very rapid movies, and we need to have a point source. And so what they do now is they just block off the vast majority of the light that's generated by these light sources. Well, what the upgrades will enable is actually in--so this is not--the actual upgrades is not my area of expertise, so I can't actually tell you a lot about the technical details of the science. But my--but as I understand it, they're able to shrink that x-ray down to a point without having to block lots of it, and so they're increasing the--what we call the brightness by 10 to 100, maybe even more times what it is now.    And that's what enables us then to--with this brighter beam we can basically take faster frames of the movie, of the dynamics of these structured materials whether--and it doesn't only need to be applied to polymers. I don't want to give you that impression. That's--my research uses polymers. And the theory predicts that there are these segmental motions that are on very small length scales and are very rapid that we want to be able to look at experimentally to verify that the theory is predicting correctly. And then if we understand the fundamentals from this theoretical and experimental standpoint, then we may be able to design faster or better transporting polymer electrolytes.    I think the impact is going to be much broader than just polymer electrolytes for batteries. I mean, there are people doing research in biological systems looking at DNA, looking at ribosomes. There have been Nobel Prize--the Nobel Prize in chemistry in 2009 apparently was awarded for work at the APS.    And--but--so what is it--essentially what it's going to allow us to do is look at faster and smaller with all the different capabilities. So I think I answered your question.    Mr. Hallinan. I think it's essential. I mean, this is a new breakthrough in synchrotron science, and it's really going to push the limits of what we can do--of the research questions that--the scientific questions that we can answer. Any scientific questions, I think, are important for several of our technological challenges of the country. And we don't--you know, I mentioned earlier that the personnel, the people behind the science, it's like if you gave a vehicle to a monkey, he wouldn't really make much of it, and so these beam line scientists are also crucial, and so if we don't upgrade, we're going to start losing some of our really great talent to these other countries would be my concern.    Mr. Hallinan. So, yes, and I'd like to just emphasize that with a quick example, that there needs to be a balance between supporting these for-profit entities and basic science. And so I think a great example is the discovery of the MRI, which is widely used in the medical industry now, was originally completely driven only by a fundamental science question. There was no perceived application of that research.    And so I think, you know, I just want to--I would like to moderate the responses with the statement that I think it shouldn't--while taking things to market is extremely important, it shouldn't be at the expense of basic science.    Mr. Hallinan. Yes, I would agree. I think that the questions that we need to answer are well-defined by the applied side, and then we can approach them from a fundamental perspective. So, for example, as an engineer, the reason that I'm interested in studying polymer electrolytes is that I recognize the massive energy efficiency gains we can achieve by transitioning to electric vehicles from conventional internal combustion vehicles, for example. But my research does not cover trying to put these batteries into a car. That's for someone else to do.    So I think that I agree with you that there is not really a clear line between basic and applied, and that we get the important questions from the applied side and then we figure out how to answer them, I think, from the basic side.    Mr. Hallinan. Regarding polymer----    Mr. Hallinan. --electrolytes and--yes, absolutely. And we have been for decades because they can fill many different roles. They can fill hydrogen fuel-cell roles. They can fill artificial photosynthesis role. They're batteries, water purification, and so there are definitely publications from all around the world. Yes. So I----    Mr. Hallinan. I would say probably Italy actually is the runner-up to the United States in terms of polymers and for membranes, all kinds of polymer membrane applications.