    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Chairman. Thanks to all of you on the panel. This is a very important topic. The research that you do, or universities do. I have to do a shout-out to my university where I graduated, Penn State University, their agricultural sciences. What you all do is about national security. I would say it is one of the number one important things we have for national security, but it is also about combating hunger.    And so my first--Dr. Brashears, is there an estimate in terms of the work from biotechnology of essentially--I mean just cut to the quick, how many lives that have been--how many people have been prevented from starvation because of the result of biotechnology being applied in agriculture? Are there any estimates at all?    Mr. Thompson. Very good. The rest of the panelists, is there any research that has made an attempt to quantify kind of a ballpark of lives impacted by technology anybody is aware of?    Mr. Thompson. Right.    Dr. Lacy.--in order to reduce the amount of pesticides used, the amount of water, fertilizer inputs, that type of thing, that is just huge. To me, we ought to label everything as genetically modified because everything has been genetically modified since the first time we planted a corn kernel or a wheat kernel, we have been doing it for thousands and thousands of years. I would argue that we actually know more about what we are modifying now than we did previously, which should be a positive thing from a safety standpoint.    Mr. Thompson. I have run out of time on this, one of the things that Dr. Brashears--to come back, how do you get the outcomes, your findings, how does that get disseminated into research so that the end-users; the consumers, the producers, the processors, can actually use that information?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much. Thanks to the panel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you charging any overtime I have to Mr. Yoho.    The Chairman. Gladly. Done. Hey, actually, I want to thank the Ranking Member, Ms. DelBene, too. Traditionally, we go back and forth, back and forth, but she wanted to make sure everybody here on our side that was still here got a chance to ask questions in case they had another hearing to go to, and because of that, I want to say thank you, and I am going to recognize you for 5 minutes for follow-up questions.