    Mr. McCarthy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am privileged to appear before you today----    Mr. McCarthy . To discuss the increasing number of disaster declarations and their relationship to increasing disaster costs.    Today I will first discuss how we count disasters; second, offer some explanations for the increase in major disaster declarations; third, identify the primary source of increased disaster costs; and fourth, touch on some ways to begin to control those costs--most prominently through mitigation.    How do we count disasters? Any discussion of increased numbers of declarations should define the terms carefully: major disasters, emergencies and fire management assistance grants--FMAGs--are all listed on fema.gov's declarations page and they are all funded out of the Disaster Relief Fund. But they are distinct, and the overwhelming amount of spending comes from major disaster declarations. Occasionally, people tend to conflate all of these together and say we have many more declarations. But really that is imprecise and it is not very helpful.    There has been a steady increase in major disaster declarations during our lifetimes. It has increased fourfold from the 1960s to now. But with that increase, though, I would also acknowledge that last year was the lowest number since 2001. I mention that to reinforce one fact that often gets lost when we start talking or at least discussing theories about why a disaster declaration occurs, and that is that they begin with actual physical events.    How do we explain an increased number of disaster declarations? In addition to an increased number of extreme weather events over the last 50 years, for example, during the last seven decades the population of the Nation has nearly doubled, and it could be argued that the population density has increased not just in already existing communities, but it has spurred a lot of increased development in areas that are very vulnerable to natural disasters.    We have also observed recent commentary regarding the marginal major disasters, to think of these events as if they are actually within any State's capacity to respond. But the central point of the declaration process, particularly the use of the oft-criticized per capita amount, is that all States are not equal and that larger States do have more resources and should be able to offer more aid on their own.    What is the primary source of increased disaster costs? More declarations result in more costs, but it is important to understand that the greatest amount of disaster spending is attributable to the large major disasters, not to these marginal events. As an example, we reviewed data from 1989 to 2014 of declarations and obligations. If we eliminated half of the disasters over those years we would save approximately 3 percent in disaster costs. Not only do the top half of disasters account for 97 percent of the spending, but the top quarter of disaster costs account for 93 percent.    So how can we begin to control costs? There are a number of options to reduce Federal disaster spending, including cost-share adjustments, changes in rules, that might have an effect on shifting a greater share of disaster-related costs not only to States and communities, but also to families and individuals. While some of these ideas may be worthy of consideration, it remains to be seen if such a shift would severely disrupt a State's ability to adequately respond to a disaster.    An alternative to those options is to continue to emphasize mitigation, that is, taking steps prior to a disaster to lessen the impact of those events and save lives and protect resources. Mr. Chairman, your statement last spring on the dissonance in current mitigation policy by the administration was apt. At a time when a bipartisan consensus seemed to be developed on the efficacy of mitigation and how it could work, the last budget zeroed out the funding for the Pre-Disaster Mitigation Program at FEMA. And later in the year, the administration announced a nationwide resilience competition with nearly a billion dollars that remained from the CD appropriations for Sandy.    It is noteworthy that the Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000, fully 15 years ago now, was premised on the idea of doing things before disasters. And it looks now as if we have circled back, so that all mitigation dollars are now following disasters and not giving States and communities a chance to do the work before they occur.    The new resilience program is based at HUD, but is directed toward States that have experienced disasters. It is not clear how it links to other mitigation programs. It does not appear to have the same cost-benefit requirements as the FEMA mitigation program, nor is there any reported collaboration among them.    Now, mitigation is not a panacea for all the problems created by natural disasters, but it does offer the possibility of future long-term savings in Federal expenditures, safer States and communities, and a process that can involve a partnership at all levels of Government and also with the nonprofit sector and with the private sector. Fewer disaster declarations would result in less spending, but avoiding or continuing to lessen the impact of future catastrophic disaster events may arguably hold a lot more promise in long-term savings and protecting our citizens.    Thanks for the opportunity to appear before you today, and I would be happy to respond to any of your questions.    Mr. McCarthy. Yes, Mr. Chairman. Fundamentally it begins as a partnership between the Federal Government and the State governments. And I think it is written, the Stafford Act is written in a way that is of interest because it is extremely flexible. I know Mr. Fugate was talking about some of the ways it works, some of the ways it doesn't work. What always struck me is that I have occasionally heard it referred to as the kind of act you could drive a truck through. And then I also heard it referred to as a straightjacket. Perhaps both people are right. But I think it is a matter of interpretation.    But essentially FEMA is looking at the States as their partners. And I think that in that way it works fairly effectively. And you have State agencies, by the way, the State emergency management agencies, that have grown in sophistication and ability through the years and are really able to work well with FEMA and make it work.    But one of the things that I think that is important is knowing that the States and locals can do well in working together to repair infrastructure, repair buildings, repair water services, and things like that. But one point I want to stress that I think is difficult is that when we say good things about what a good job FEMA is doing or how great the disaster piece is working, there is one problem on that, and that is creating expectations for families and individuals. The Stafford Act doesn't come close to bringing people back to where they were before a disaster. In fact, the total amount that can be spent currently by FEMA on any family is $32,400.    Now, that can't replace a flood insurance policy. It can't replace a homeowners policy. And I think at times perhaps--and I don't think anyone is directly responsible for that--but there is kind of an image created that, ``don't worry, the FEMA dollars are coming and we will all be taken care of.'' Well, to an extent, I think for State and local governments, there is some truth in that. But certainly for families and individuals, nothing replaces solid insurance and a real kind of culture of preparedness.    But overall I would say, though, that in what I have observed--and I did start at FEMA before it was FEMA, I confess, in 1979--is you have seen a really growing and maturing program that does address a lot of the toughest problems that communities face. I think it does it faster. It certainly responds much better than it ever did before.    But I think we are left with the question then: What is next? And we can get better and better at responding. We can be faster at responding. But, again, as one who has also written on the Pre-Disaster Mitigation Program, I think absent that, you are going to be repeating the same work over and over again in the same places until you do try to reduce the overall risk.    Mr. McCarthy. Actually, as Mr. Fugate mentioned and in my testimony, I think the biggest factor is we have had a series of events now where it has become--and I think this is partly what Ms. Norton was talking about--at FEMA we always used to think about what is unthinkable. And back in the 1990s, we think, well, what is unthinkable is a hurricane going directly into New Orleans, or what is unthinkable is really strong hurricanes hitting the New York City and New Jersey areas. We have started to have those events occur. The density of the population and the actual value of the resources being hit has driven these costs this high.    Some of the things we can do is to begin to take steps that begin to protect these structures, to do elevation, to move some areas out of where rivers want to go or where coastal surges want to go.    But overall I have to say, some of the biggest disasters we have had, it would be hard to take a big chunk out of that because they went where the people were and where the valuable real estate was, and that ends up costing us a great deal. But there is still much we can do.    Mr. McCarthy. It is something that FEMA has worked on a few times doing capability assessment reports, trying to look at what the States themselves think they are strongest at, what they could probably take on themselves. There are a number of pieces that have to be looked at, and I would go to the GAO report that mentions there are certainly a lot of other ways of measuring a State's ability beyond the per capita amount. That can be rainy day funds. And also the State's capacity. I think it has been an interesting conversation here today about what discourages States from building that capacity and what encourages it.    Now, I think a lot of States are simply responsible and know they have to do, as Bryan Koon is pointing out, they are the ones that have to respond first and do a lot of response work absent Federal help. But still it is interesting to think that there are some States that do a wonderful job because they get hit frequently and know they better be good at it. But there are other States that, because this is a very episodic business, they might not get hit with something substantial for years. You might find that they are no longer budgeting towards it, and then it makes it all the more difficult when they are hit.    I am not being really responsive to you except to say, I think it is something we really would have to study and think about a checklist that maybe FEMA could go down looking at beyond per capita. And I think GAO has made a couple of suggestions on that that would likely be a better measurement of State resources.    Mr. McCarthy. That is an excellent point. And I think what I would say really is that I think the competition ends in March and we will be able to look at it. In fairness, when I say that they don't appear to have the same cost-benefit ratio in there, well, it is something that could get built in and it may be that some applicants are building it in. And in fairness to HUD, as they put it out, they mentioned what they were looking for was innovation. And at times, I think probably some people would look at some of FEMA's mitigation programs and think that it didn't encourage enough innovation.    So I don't mean to say it is not possible. It is a competition. I guess what is difficult, though, is that--and I apologize, I should note I spent a career at FEMA before my past 8 years at CRS--but FEMA has been doing mitigation since 1988 and that doesn't mean that is where all mitigation money must go. But it is something that has been a theme throughout, I think, the hearing today is, how much coordination is there among agencies? How much do they really talk to each other, unless they are told they have to do that?    And so I guess with the resilience program we will learn a lot more when it is done and when they are making the awards. We will find out whether it has been innovative and also whether they have built in some of the cost-benefit pieces into it. It is just that it has just been hard to see this and not know whether or not some of the people that have done a lot of mitigation across the country, both in predisaster programs and post-disaster programs, have been a part of what HUD has undertaken now or if it is all new.    Mr. McCarthy. I would just say briefly that, as I mentioned in my testimony, seeing predisaster mitigation withering away seems to me to be the wrong message. I am not even sure I understand, I don't know if it is a difference in philosophy, and I don't know how it got to this point. But it seems to me, you really do have to get it upfront. You do have a lot of enthusiasm after a disaster to do mitigation work after you have already spent hundreds of millions repairing things, then people want to do mitigation. But I think the important part really is to at least consider getting it on the front end.    And I will turn to the chief.    Mr. McCarthy. Yes, Mr. Chairman. There are a lot of wonderful examples, a lot of best practices that we can see across the country, from Kinston, North Carolina, to St. Charles County, Missouri, a lot of examples where there is flooding every year except there aren't people there anymore and there aren't businesses there anymore and we are saving money each time. It is the dog that doesn't bark and it doesn't get headlines, but a lot of that has really worked. And I think too those are just a few examples.    Mr. McCarthy. I will just mention, as you mentioned in your opening statement, it has been at least 20 years since any of this kind of work has been done and we at CRS would be happy to support you on this.