    Mr. MacCarthy. Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Nadler----    Mr. MacCarthy. Is that better?    Mr. MacCarthy. Is that better?    Mr. MacCarthy. On behalf of the technology trade association, thank you for your equipment.    I want to make a few points in my testimony. First, cross-border data flows fuel 21st century trade and investment across all sectors of the economy, not just technology or Internet companies.    Second, one goal of U.S. policy is to reduce barriers to trade--to traditional flows around the world. We should stay the course on this wise policy.    And third, the recent European decision on the Safe Harbor is a step backwards for open data flows. A new, workable, Safe Harbor must be put in place as soon as possible.    Mr. Chairman, digital trade involves tech products like software, where exports are growing at about 9 percent a year. But digital trade also involves business services generally, financial sector, royalties and licensing revenue, and communication services. It is 60 percent of all trade and services, it's growing three times faster than other service exports.    Digital trade increases our economic output by up to $711 billion a year. As Mr. Conyers mentioned, that's 4.8 percent of our gross domestic product, and it increases employment by 2.4 million workers. We have a global surplus in digital trade of $150 billion. A loss of open data flows would not be a minor sector-specific irritant. Data localization mandates have been studied for other economies. They would impose large welfare losses up to $63 billion for China, and $193 billion for the European Union.    Mr. Chairman, one goal of the U.S. trade policy is to promote cross-border data flows. Congress has instructed U.S. trade negotiators to dismantle measures that impede digital trade in goods and services that restrict cross-border data flows, or require a local storage or processing of data. Any exceptions have to be narrow, the least restrictive on trade and nondiscriminatory.    The United States has largely achieved these goals in the TPP agreement, although I concur with Ambassador Allgeier's remarks on financial services. That's an unfortunate exception, but we must seek similar outcomes in TTIP and TiSA.    Mr. Chairman, the demise of the Safe Harbor is a setback for open data flows. It has been in place since 2000, and the invalidation just this month left 4,400 companies in legal limbo, and that's not just technology companies. The list of Safe Harbor companies include many SIIA members, companies in online publishing and information services. In fact, the list of Safe Harbor companies reads like a Who's Who of American brand name corporations, including Ford Motor Company, Starbucks, and the Walt Disney Company.    We need a new Safe Harbor. We need a Safe Harbor 2.0. Congress can help your passage of the Judicial Redress Act with a step forward. It's a modest step, but one that we need to follow in the Senate. We're hopeful that the Senate will act quickly on this bill and move forward with it.    Mr. Chairman, we urge this Committee to stay the course on promoting data flows and to help establish a new Safe Harbor for transatlantic data sharing. I stand ready to answer any questions you might have.    Mr. MacCarthy. Mr. Chairman, I used to work at Visa, the payment card company, and so I'm familiar with how----    Mr. MacCarthy. Yeah.    Mr. MacCarthy. Small company.    Mr. MacCarthy. I left there in 2008, but before that, we were familiar with the rules that the Federal regulators had in place, and they actually provided for outsourcing of bank records, and they had rules and guidance for how it should be done, making sure that U.S. law followed the records. And under existing case law, they have a full authority to reach out wherever the bank records are stored, and have the bank produce them for----    Mr. MacCarthy. Unnecessary, counterproductive, and----    Mr. MacCarthy. Thank you for that question. The Act doesn't directly affect our companies. What it does do is to create a reason for the European negotiators in Safe Harbor to move ahead with finalizing the agreement. And when the agreement is finalized, then it would create enormous benefits for our companies and for Europe as well.    The second reason is that there's a separate agreement called the umbrella agreement, which is a law enforcement agreement, where the Judicial Redress Act is actually an intrinsic part of that agreement and has to be finalized before the agreement is itself going into effect.    If I might, Mr. Chairman, if I could ask unanimous consent, there's an op-ed that I published in today's Hill on this very issue, if I could ask unanimous consent that it be included in the record of the Committee hearing.    Mr. MacCarthy. Okay.    Mr. MacCarthy. The one point I'd add to everything else my colleagues have mentioned is that in this global framework for data, which I think is a great idea, we have to make sure that whatever rules affect the flow of data, whether they are privacy rules or consumer protection rules, or whatever, they're narrowly crafted, that they're least restrictive of trade. We can't take away the option for countries to enforce their privacy of consumer protection laws, but they can't unnecessarily trample on cross-border trade.    Mr. MacCarthy. Thank you for that. The LEADS Act is an important piece of legislation. If the court case that----    Mr. MacCarthy. Is that better?    Mr. MacCarthy. So the LEADS Act is a very important piece of legislation. And if the court case that Microsoft is involved in goes the wrong way, there would, indeed, be disastrous consequences for U.S. companies.    But I wonder if a small amendment to the LEADS Act to make sure that it doesn't inadvertently encourage data localization wouldn't be in order. To the extent that it says to companies store the information in this country, and it's safe from the U.S., that, I think, would encourage people to store data in one location rather than the other.    Instead, the real stand, or issue, would be the nexus between the government and the data subject. If they're citizens or residents, then local laws should apply; if they're not, then local law should not necessarily apply.    Mr. MacCarthy. Very briefly. I agree with----    Mr. MacCarthy. Equal access to microphones.    Mr. Poe, I agree that those are issues that need to be addressed. I agree that back doors are a problem. We would oppose further movements in that area for the reasons that have been articulated. We're strong supporters of EPCA. But my point is that none of those things need to be preconditions for a successful resolution of the negotiation for a new workable Safe Harbor.    Mr. MacCarthy. So I think the idea is worth exploring in great detail. I'm worried that even our own regulators who have a responsibility to protect the privacy and the anti-fraud interests of our own consumers would want to gain access to information in order to enforce local law. And so the idea that there could be a place of the cloud, the Internet, that is literally a place without law, that probably is the right way to go.    But the next step of trying to harmonize the rules probably is difficult. We've heard the difficulties in the First Amendment. We've--privacy is also a very, very difficult issue to get harmonized laws. We have got a sectorial approach. The Europeans have a different approach. But you can make those rules interoperate. That's what the Safe Harbor was supposed to be all about, and that's why we have to get it back into place as soon as possible.    Mr. MacCarthy. So very briefly. It's very good news that the European Commission has suggested that there's an agreement in principle on the Safe Harbor. We have every reason to expect it will see a rapid conclusion of that. Commissioner Jourova is coming over here in a couple of weeks, maybe he will do something there.    They have every incentive to get this right. Digital trade between the United States and Europe is huge. We have a global trade surplus of $150 billion in digital trade. They have a global surplus of 163. They know that their fundamental interests are at stake here, and I think they are going to try to act to try to put in place a Safe Harbor to make transatlantic data flows work again.