    Mr. Cheng. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, distinguished members of the committee, my name is Dean Cheng. I'm the senior research fellow for Chinese political and security affairs at The Heritage Foundation.    I would like to begin by expressing my appreciation for the opportunity to be here this afternoon and to note that the views I express are my own and should not be construed as representing any official position of The Heritage Foundation.    My comments today will focus on the military and security side of the growing Chinese challenge to Asian maritime security.    The past quarter century has seen a substantial improvement in the capabilities of the Chinese People's Liberation Army, or     With the PLA Navy we have seen the introduction of several new classes of surface combatants. The newest Chinese destroyer, the Type 052D, is comparable to our own Arleigh Burke DDG-51 Class.    The Chinese Type 054A frigate is both more capable and, let me note here, more reliable than our Littoral Combat Ship, both types of which are now sidelined due to engineering problems.    We know the Chinese are producing multiple classes of submarines and at least one new aircraft carrier is under construction.    China's naval combatants are among the youngest in average age, thanks to this major shipbuilding program. As important, China is not neglecting the key issue of maritime support.    China is building a fleet train of logistic support ships which will allow the Chinese navy to operate for extended periods away from shore.    Chinese submarines operating in the Indian Ocean have been accompanied by submarine tenders, allowing them to operate for longer periods away from Chinese ports.    China, of course, has now also begun construction on a new facility in Djibouti, their first formal overseas military base, but probably not their last.    Given the importance of air power for the Asia Pacific region, it is worth noting how the PLA Air Force, or PLAAF, is working on both the J-20 and J-31 fifth generation fighters.    China is the only other nation to be fielding two stealth fighter programs at the same time. Chinese bombers are now overflying islands in the South China Sea, and as these aircraft can be equipped with long-range anti-ship and land attack cruise missiles, the signal being sent to China's neighbors are very clear.    Again, the Chinese are also not neglecting the haft of the spear even as they sharpen the tip. China has introduced air transports to allow power projection and electronic warfare aircraft and AWACS to allow them the same kinds of advantages that our Air Force enjoys.    Most worrisome is the new PLA Strategic Support Force, which brings together under one service space warfare, electronic warfare and network warfare capabilities, reflecting the ongoing Chinese effort to establish information dominance, which the Chinese see as the central key to winning future what they term local wars under informationized conditions.    The objection of all of these various force improvements at the military level is to support China's move from a near-shore strategy of the 1960s to the near-sea strategy of the 1990s to today's far-seas approach, pushing Chinese military capability ever more extended distances from China's shores and deeper into the central Pacific and the Indian Ocean.    The shift reflects not only Chinese growing capabilities, but a broader transition in Chinese strategic thinking, which affects not only the military but national security thinking as a whole.    For the military, the extending reach is part of China's new historic missions, and while we must never forget that the People's Liberation Army is a party army where every officer is a member of the Chinese Communist Party, it nonetheless has also been charged with the responsibility of defending party and also national interests. Those national interests now include the seas, outer space and the electromagnetic spectrum.    China increasingly sees its fundamental security as tied to the world's oceans. This should not be surprising. China's economic center of gravity is now on its shores.    There is no longer a buffer of millions of square miles of territory between the Chinese economic center and the ocean's from which American and other allied capabilities spring.    At the same time, China itself is also more dependent on the sea for access to resources of power--Chinese economic growth. China is now a net importer of not only oil but food, including wheat, barley, sorghum and even rice.    Indeed, China is unique in being a traditional continental power that has become dependent on the seas. Napoleonic France, Wilhelmine Germany, the Soviet Union--all of these were continental powers for whom navies were luxuries or added benefits.    For China, it has become a central part of their economic existence. Unfortunately, as a result, the Chinese effort to safeguard its interests is expressed by extending Chinese sovereignty over what had been international common spaces. China's efforts to bring the South China Sea into the umbrella of Chinese control has led to remarkably intemperate remarks regarding the Permanent Court of Arbitration's findings.    The Chinese foreign minister termed them, ``a political farce.'' The Ambassador to the United States termed them, ``a matter of professional incompetence.''    What this suggests, and what this should serve as a warning, is that the United States, as the keystone upholding international order and the main advocate for international law and norms, must respond strongly through a combination of FONOPs, arms sales, robust presence but, above all, countering Chinese efforts at political warfare to undermine the legitimacy of the international order.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Cheng. Sir, in response to this rule, I'd like to respond to this at three levels.    The first is the issue of military domination of the South China Sea. The Chinese were very clearly intent upon creating a strategic buffer throughout the South China Sea which would neutralize one of our key capabilities that we currently have, which is our undersea element.    The ability of the Chinese to create a massive network, which they openly write about of sonar surveillance systems with additional anti-submarine helicopters and the like from the various runways that they are building would pose a really serious jeopardy to the ability of American submarines to operate there.    Second of all, on the issue of FONOPs and why would the Chinese possibly cut their own throats, this goes to fundamentally larger issue, which is that China is, unlike Timor and Australia and et cetera, not simply focused on territorial sovereignty, but on the issue of rewriting the fundamental rules.    The Chinese treat their exclusive economic zone not as unique--about economic exploitation, but as an extension of territorial waters.    The same way we see with the East China Sea air defense identification zone, a demand that countries behave as though international airspace is actually Chinese territorial airspace where other nations must file flight plans and gain permission.    So, would the Chinese necessarily cut their own throat by demanding other people file ship movements, et cetera? That depends on how far we are willing to push that and how far we are willing to accept a fundamental rewriting of those international rules.    And finally, just very quickly, how would the region react? We see already that South Korea had to hem and haw an extensive amount of time before it chose to go ahead with THAAD because of Chinese pressure.    We see the Chinese pushing Vietnam very hard by declaring their oil rigs ``mobile national territory.'' That is a Chinese description, not mine, and have now apparently deployed military radars on their oil rigs.    So, the question that we have to ask is, how will the region react if we step away this one time? But, as my co-panellist has pointed out, the broader issue of what that presages and the implications of allowing China to rewrite not only the rules but to employ ever greater pressure.    Mr. Cheng. I think that there is something of a difference between the person who walks into the 7-11 and pays $10 for a bottle of Mountain Dew and the person who walks in and takes the Mountain Dew.    Mr. Cheng. Sir, Japan, of course, has certain limitations, particularly on the nuclear side, that I am not sure we want to cross.    So while we would--I would agree with you that Japan needs to play a larger role, we do need to recognize that there are limits but that also means that there are other players in the region that can also play a larger role--India, for example, which has a ``Look East'' program, we now are allowed to sell arms to Vietnam.    We have limited our relationship with Thailand in the wake of their coup, a policy that we did not do, for example, with regards to Egypt. Perhaps we should reexamine whether or not we should expand our relations with Thailand.    There are a number of other countries in the region that could also be part of that burden-sharing effort. So while I absolutely agree with you, I think we need to look beyond just Japan.    Mr. Cheng. Sir, I work for The Heritage Foundation, and I think it should be noted that President Obama generally doesn't really talk to us over at The Heritage Foundation.    That being said, I think that what we see right now is not a 600-ship Navy. There doesn't seem to be anything in the U.S. Navy shipbuilding plan to approach that number.    Now, admittedly, of course, we are under different circumstances than we were in the 1980s. That also being said, the kind of Navy we had with a 600-ship Navy was one that could support two simultaneous major regional contingencies.    It was one that could also fulfill a very robust strategic deterrent role. It was one that had ships such as the Spruance, the Oliver Hazard Perry, the Ticonderoga, which operated 24/7 around the world.    When we look at how well or not well the LCS is operating, when we consider the fact that we now operate without an aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean on a regular basis. We do not have the Navy that we did then to fulfill the missions of requirements that we seem to still have.    Mr. Cheng. No, sir. In fact, China has suspended all formal communications with Taiwan since the election of a DPP President.    Mr. Cheng. I believe that's----    Mr. Cheng. Yes, sir. I believe that's the case.    Mr. Cheng. No, sir. I believe Falun Gong is still considered a criminal organization in the context of the People's Republic of China.    Mr. Cheng. There are still reports to that effect, sir. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cheng. No, sir. I believe that, in fact, if you meet with the Dalai Lama, the Chinese Government still expresses extreme displeasure.    Mr. Cheng. While they have announced sanctions and the like, there have been a number of open news reports about continuing Chinese trade, Chinese investment, Chinese companies continuing to operate.    There has been highlighted a case of U.S.-Chinese cooperation cracking down on a single Chinese company. But that has not affected, for example, the flow of oil or food into North Korea.