    Mr. Trott. Thank you, Chairman. I also want to thank Chairman Marino and Ranking Member Johnson for holding this hearing, and also thank our witnesses for again providing their insight on this bill.    The health of our financial institutions, particularly large multinational players, is critical to not only our economy but also our citizens. Consequently, how we react when a systemically important financial institution fails is of particular concern.    The Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2015 seeks to address those concerns and put in place a better process. The bill amends the bankruptcy code so as to allow the insolvency of a financial institution to be resolved through the Chapter 11 process. The Chapter 11 process provides rules that are designed to accomplish an equitable and predictable resolution of competing claims.    Chapter 11 is a relatively efficient process, and the integrity and transparency ensured by due process protections will reduce the risk to our overall economy and reduce the potential of a taxpayer funded bailout.    As an aside, my hometown is Detroit, Michigan, and I am here to tell you that the bankruptcy process can add great value to difficult financial situations that undermine our economy and our communities.    Thank you again, Chairman. I yield back my time.    Mr. Trott. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Levin, so you raised a few concerns, one concern was the lack of experience potentially in a bankruptcy judge and the need for regulators to be involved. Didn't like the involuntary provision, which I agree with your comments in that regard. The lender of last resort concerns and then I think also then the need for experienced judges, not district judges.    So the first concern is what surprised me a little bit. You know, Dodd-Frank came upon us in 2010, the FDIC has been working on rules for single point of entry since then. So you have, you know, you believe regulators are going to be able to act more efficiently and quickly because of their experience than a bankruptcy judge?    Particularly under section 298 we have one of the 10 experienced bankruptcy judges has been appointed for this purpose to deal with complex insolvency. I don't know if I understand why you have more confidence in the ability of regulators to move quickly and react than a bankruptcy judge who essentially does it every day?    Mr. Trott. Okay. Appreciate that clarification. Mr. Hessler made a comment about uncertainty as it relates to Title II. Mr. Levin, you made a comment, it will be many years before this perhaps even comes into play and we don't know, you know, how things will play out and how soon the provisions will be interpreted.    Would you agree with Mr. Hessler's comments that the same can be said of Title II.    Mr. Trott. Mr. Bernstein, so let's say H.R. 2947 was in place and we have a Lehman type insolvency. Can you just discuss for a moment how that would have played out differently?    Mr. Trott. So to that point I got delivered yesterday a copy of Hoover institute's book on making failure feasible. I read their mission statement in terms of the resolution project. And it said if a clear and credible measure can be put in place that convinces everyone that failure will be allowed, then expectations of bailouts will disappear. If we get rid of the risk reducing behavior that are fostered by guarantees, then that would be a good thing. And then also a clear process to reduce panic, H.R. 2947 would have accomplished that in Lehman?    Mr. Trott. It is a fascinating book, I'm not too far into it yet.    But Mr. Hessler, one quick question, I am out of time. Ranking Member Johnson raised a concern about the funding. So back to Lehman, you know, the professional fees in Lehman were $2 billion, I believe. Can you just speak for a moment on funding concerns specifically as it relates to Ranking Member Johnson and this bill?    Mr. Trott. We've talked about that plenty.    Mr. Trott. Do you have any concerns in that regard?    Mr. Trott. Thank you, sir.