    Mr. Rohrabacher. Pardon me for being in and out. That's the way we are in Congress sometimes. We've got 10 things to do at one time.    And let me just note right off the bat that we seem to be having dual movies here. It's, you know, the Martian versus Gravity or something like that, you know, because in fact, there as a movie, Gravity, and this is what I'd like to ask Mr. Weir. Okay, I take it that you saw the movie Gravity as well?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. So we've got these threats that's called space debris floating around there. Don't you think that perhaps it would be a better use of our money right now to help clean up that space debris and perhaps even protecting the world from an asteroid or a meteorite that could destroy the whole world? Shouldn't we actually be getting those jobs done before we spend billions of dollars to try to get to Mars to plant our flag and come back?    Mr. Rohrabacher. We are?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yes?    Mr. Rohrabacher. We can track, but frankly, it's being tracked but we don't know what to do after that.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you. I do disagree with you on a couple of things but let me note that's good. That's what these hearings are all about is to get different points of view out. I wonder if the panel agrees with our witness that it's impossible that there would be a rock headed toward the Earth enough to do great damage to our Earth that we wouldn't see for 50 years out. I think that there could possibly be something that might emerge on the radar screen like the one that I think just recently went by a couple days ago.    Mr. Rohrabacher. If we had time. That's the big ``if.''    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, let's put it this way. It would have to be one solution but at this point I would like to know, rather than spending billions of dollars to go to Mars when they might turn around to take a look at the Earth and see a big blip because all of a sudden something had hit the planet, we don't have the plan--I'm not talking about one option. We don't have a plan that has several options if something big is spotted headed toward the Earth, and to spend billions of dollars on what we can't do now, which is what's been outlined in testimony, and giving up those things we could do, we could put a plan in place to protect us, and we could put a plan in place that would actually deal with the--and I would disagree with--I think it's a little more risky than just bubblegum wrappers in the Pacific Ocean. And so I think we should do that.    One last question. You were talking about space habitat. Is Bigelow--you know, Bigelow put a lot of money, its own money, into developing new technology for space habitat. Is that part of the equation is what he's done and what he offers? Is that going to be part of the equation of what we're talking about here?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, there's lots of things that we can do in space. I hope that we make sure that we don't waste dollars on things that we don't accomplish anything with, and on that, the witness--see, I'm an author too. I'm a writer too. We're both writers. And I agree with you totally.    So thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for this hearing.