    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Carter, General Dunford, Mr. McCord, thanks so much for joining us today.    General Dunford, in the previous hearings that the House Armed Services Committee has held, there has been a lot of discussion about readiness. And, obviously, for all of us, the concern about returning to full-spectrum readiness is at the very top of our list. I think General Milley put it best. He said: Readiness doesn't have a constituency. And I think that is why it is critical for members of the House Armed Services to make sure that we are the constituency for military readiness for our men and women in uniform.    Tell me where we are with the current budget situation with where we project to be with the proposal in fiscal year 2017 on the path to restore readiness. We are right now just at the point of setting conditions to restore readiness. Tell us how far away we are and what milestones you expect to achieve in restoring full-spectrum readiness.    General Dunford. Thanks, Congressman.    With regard to 2017, we took inputs from all the services as to what they needed in fiscal year 2017 along their path to restore readiness, as you've outlined. And that was a priority for the Secretary. And so we fully resourced the service plans for readiness restoration. Keeping in mind that we knew we couldn't get to where we needed to be in 2017 because of the other elements associated with readiness recovery: One, operational tempo; the other the aspect of time.    So with regard to where are we relative to where we need to be, three of the services have indicated that fiscal year 2020 or 2021 would be where they would get to if we are not sequestered and we actually received the resources we project to receive.    The Air Force is a little bit outside of that because of the unique challenges they have, and I think some of the numbers I have seen are as long as 2028, somewhere between 2024 and 2028. So three of the services probably about 5 years away; one of the services may be 7 or 8 years away from full restoration of readiness.    Mr. Wittman. Gotcha.    Let me get your perspective on one of the elements of that readiness restoration, and that is aviation readiness. And when you paint the picture about full-spectrum readiness it is across the service branches. But one of the areas that really concerns me is the assessments that we are hearing about aviation readiness, and it starts with the Marine Corps and what they are trying to do to restore. And Lieutenant General Davis, I think, is doing all that he can.    It is a pipeline issue; how much can we do, and how fast can we do it just based on capacity? But give me your perspective about where we are with aviation readiness across the service branches, and what can we do in the context of full-spectrum readiness to get there as soon as possible also?    General Dunford. Thanks, Congressman.    There are two issues: One is the state of the current aircraft that we have. And, again, we had some difficulty with depot-level maintenance and so forth associated with the last few years. And so we are in a trough with regard to the readiness of the platforms that are in the inventory right now, what we call ready basic aircraft.    And although the Marine Corps perhaps is the most extreme, each of the services has similar challenges with regard to the ready basic aircraft for deployability, particularly those units that are in home station. We are confident that those units that are forward deployed have what they need. But those units that are at home station have a shortfall of ready basic aircraft.    The path to address the maintenance issue, of course, is stable funding in the future, both for our depot-level and also for our local-level maintenance. The other issue is the modernization piece. Much of the reason we are where we are is we deferred modernization, and so the aircraft that we are flying is in the inventory longer than it needs to be. So there is really two pieces of this that are not unrelated, but they both come together.    So my assessment of what we need to do is, one, we need to fully fund our depot-level maintenance and sustain the aircraft that are in the inventory; and, number two, we need to stay on path for the modernization plan we have to address the long-term issue, which we really see manifest itself out in 2021, 2022, and beyond.    Mr. Wittman. I want to get perspective from both you and Secretary Carter as far as the concept of readiness restoration and looking at, how do we get to the point that we need to be? And you bring up, I think, an extraordinarily important point. Readiness as a term of art has traditionally represented training, operation, and maintenance. But I believe it also should reflect the element of modernization, because I think that is directly tied to readiness.    I want to get your perspective on where you see modernization as part of the list of elements that must be attained in restoring readiness.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Ms. Duckworth.