    Mr. Deutch. Thank you. Thank you Chairman Smith, Chairman Ros-Lehtinen and Ranking Member Bass for holding today's joint hearing. It is very important that our two subcommittees come together today to shine a light on Iran's atrocious human rights record. And I apologize because this is an issue I care deeply about but I'm going to be running back and forth to another hearing taking place at the same time.    While the world anxiously awaits to see what if any agreement will be reached on Iran's nuclear weapons program, this hearing serves as an important reminder that even beyond the dangerous and illicit program Iran's regime routinely violates human rights of the Iranian people. At the same time that the news is focused on Geneva, back in Iran the human rights situation is as dismal as ever.    We are well past the Ahmadinejad period in Iran where inflammatory statements made criticism easy. Enough time has passed to see what the Rouhani administration can do. Unfortunately it appears that Rouhani has fallen short on many of his campaign promises, hamstrung perhaps by the Supreme Leader's ultimate and absolute control. The Iranian economy continues to suffer due to the intransigence of its leaders, and the Iranian people remain repressed and restricted by the ultra-conservative social policies of the Ayatollah.    Today's hearing serves as an important reminder that even if we were to resolve the nuclear issue, even if hypothetically the P5+1 reaches an acceptable nuclear deal, Iran still remains a global leader in terrorism financing and human rights abuses. Iran would still be willing to sentence a juvenile to death for the crime of corruption on earth and imprison hundreds of political prisoners.    This is a government that refuses for its own people some of the most fundamental human rights, a government that is willing to perpetuate misogynistic, racist, and homophobic policies, and one that will relentlessly defend its right to possess nuclear capabilities while the Supreme Leader continues to decry Israel's right to simply exist.    Showing a complete disregard for the principle of the right to life, Iran continues to execute its citizens at alarming rates. Official sources put the number of executions in 2014 at 200, but the actual number could likely be over 700. Many of those individuals were charged with questionable or vague offenses, like a woman last October that was convicted of killing a man that she claimed was in the act of raping her. With dozens and dozens of offenses that carry capital punishment, Iran's judiciary has shown just how easy it is for an individual to be put to death, with over 80 Iranians executed in January of this year alone.    The government allows no room for political dissent or critical belief. The regime continues to censor journalists and political activists and to deny its citizens their freedom of speech and opinion. Iran's unfounded arrest and subsequent jailing of Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian on trumped up charges is despicable and must be condemned by all responsible nations.    The Internet is certainly not an open and safe space in Iran. Anything from a Facebook post to a viral video can land an individual in jail for years. And with one of the highest incarceration rates in the world, Iran certainly exercises their willingness to imprison individuals in order to keep absolute control over media and news content consumed by the people.    Another favorite tactic of the Iranian regime is targeting ethnic and religious minorities. The country's largest non-Muslim religious minority, people of the Baha'i Faith, face particularly hostile treatment. This community is denied freedom of religion, they live under constant fear of arrest, attacks, and destruction of their religious sites. Over 100 Baha'is are currently held in detention and many international reports have criticized Iran's failure to ensure that they receive a fair trial and adequate access to counsel.    Many other groups also face bigotry and targeted discrimination. Christians and Sunni Muslims, Arabs, Kurds, and Azeris, and many more religious and ethnic minority groups are also frequently targeted by the regime, and many are forced to hide signs of their identity while in public.    Women are still subservient to men in many aspects of daily life, and as we witnessed from the gruesome pictures of acid attacks last fall, women are still targeted for violating social norms as set by the state's religious interpretations.    For the LGBT community the environment in Iran is bleak. LGBT individuals face discrimination from their government but also from their friends and families. They can't turn to the courts because same-sex relationships are criminalized. They can't report attacks to law enforcement authorities out of fear that they may be arrested for being LGBT.    And there's little information or support available on the ground. The head of Iran's human rights council made the government's position clear when he said that universal human rights should not be extended to what he referred to as the homosexual lifestyle.    Yesterday during another Foreign Affairs Committee hearing, I implored Secretary Kerry to continue to raise the case of Bob Levinson, an American citizen and my constituent, who has been missing in Iran since March 2007, while our negotiators sit across the table from the Iranians. Eight years later Bob is still not home. Despite indications by the Iranian Government of their willingness to assist in this case, we're nearing the eighth anniversary of his disappearance and we see no positive signs. We must continue to advocate for help in Bob's case and for the release of the other American citizens unjustly held in Iran, Amir Hekmati and Pastor Abedini.    Last November we passed a resolution condemning the Iranian Government for these and many more human rights violations, a long list to be sure, but it is important that we as a body consistently condemn these policies and practices. Unfortunately the same is not the case for the rest of the world. The U.N. General Assembly's Third Committee also voted last fall in a resolution on Iran's human rights abuses. And while it passed with 78 votes, 69 countries abstained and 35 countries voted against it.    Finally, as we get closer to the deadlines for negotiations with Iran, I urge my colleagues in Congress and our negotiators in Geneva to not take our eyes off what is happening on the ground in Iran. With such deplorable human rights abuses occurring daily and millions of Iranians repressed and facing discrimination, we've got to keep the global spotlight on Iran and condemn the government's disregard for basic human rights. That is what today's hearing will do.    I want to thank again the chairman. I want to thank our witnesses. I look forward to hearing from you today.