    Mr. Smith. The subcommittee will come to order, and welcome to everyone, especially Madam Ambassador. Thank you for being here.    As you know, the Trafficking and Victims Protection Act of 2000 launched a bold comprehensive public-private sector strategy that included sheltering, political asylum, and other protections for the victims, long jail sentences and asset confiscations for the traffickers, and a myriad of preventative initiatives and tough sanctions for governments that failed to meet minimum standards prescribed by the Trafficking Victims Protection Act.    It was bipartisan and I know David Abramowitz is here, who worked very hard, as did others on both sides of the aisle. It was 3 years in the making. It was not passed overnight. It was given a great deal of looks by everyone, especially the administration, which initially opposed most of it, but in the end was signed into law by President Clinton.    The bill also created the Trafficking in Persons Report and tier rankings and I, in all candor, while I like much of what's in the product and I've read through most of it now and I think it was a very effective effort on country after country--the number of countries that are on Tier 1 is a record, as you point out in your testimony, Madam Ambassador, I think that's a good thing, a number of countries, probably a record again have actually updated or passed laws that are more responsive particularly to victims. But there were concerns. I raise these because to me it's all about the victims and how do we prevent victimization and how do we assist those who are currently or in the future going to be victims.    And I remain concerned that both last year's TIP Report and the current one gave passing grades to several nations with horrific records of government complicity in human trafficking.    Falsifying a country's human rights record, particularly when it comes to branding what tier it ought to be not only undermines the credibility of the report but was especially dehumanizing to the victims who suffer rape, cruelty, and horrifying exploitation.    There are several instances, and I'll get to those in a moment, where you read the report and it inevitably leads to this ought to be a Tier 3 country and then it doesn't merit that, for some reason.    The passing grades for failing, done for more than a dozen governments, was exposed by a series of investigative reports last year by Reuters, which found that professionals at the State Department's TIP Office made one set of recommendations only to overruled at a higher level for political reasons.    Today's hearing will look closely at the newly-released Trafficking in Person's Report which assesses and ranks 188 countries each year on their records of prosecuting traffickers, protecting victims, and preventing human trafficking.    Some of the rankings comport with the records of certain countries. Burma and Uzbekistan, for example, are designated Tier 3, as they should be.    The other nations including trading partners Malaysia and China are given a free pass despite their horrific records of government complicity in human trafficking.    Cuba, a dictatorship highly-favored by this administration, is again falsely touted with a passing grade. China was allowed to keep its Tier 2 Watch List rankings despite the fact that the reason for their upgrade 2 years ago was found to be a fraud.    Alexandra Harney, Jason Szep, and Matt Spetalnick of Reuters authored an expose on China's politicized ranking, find that, and I quote them, ``Two years after China announced it was ending the `re-education through labor' system, extrajudicial networks of detention facilities featuring torture and forced labor thrive in its place.'' I would note parenthetically as chairman of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China we just held another--it's my 60th hearing on human rights issues in China and we focused exclusively on the systematic use of torture in China. It is growing, not diminishing, in its usage, exploiting so many people including people who are forced into labor.    China has deceived the United States--had deceived it in 2014--and when it became apparent last year we let them keep their ill-gotten upgrade in 2015 and again in 2016.    I would hope that that would be revisited again at any time you deem it necessary to make a change; obviously you do have that capability to do so.    Malaysia, whose ranking was upgraded to the Tier 2 Watch List last year on the flimsiest of justifications and fears--it would be disqualified from the TPP--was allowed to maintain its Tier 2 Watch List ranking despite the fact that Malaysia faltered in its anti-trafficking progress over the last year.    In fact, Malaysia, a country with 4 million migrant workers, prosecuted fewer trafficking cases and convicted only seven traffickers last year. That's less than when it was a Tier 3 country.    Meanwhile, women from Burma, Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines, and Nepal are trafficked to China for forced marriages and I read with special interest that what you write in the report about the Philippines and their efforts, maybe even Herculean efforts to try to mitigate trafficking there and that's recognized in their significant upgrading.    North Korean laborers worked under conditions described by experts as forced or slave labor to earn income for the North Korean Government. Prisoners of conscience and other prisoners continue to be held in administrative detention facilities where there are numerous credible reports of prisoners being trafficked for the purpose of organ harvesting and on that score just a couple of weeks ago I chaired a hearing on organ harvesting and it was brutal to hear first person reports and human rights reports by NGOs about what is actually occurring there.    The State Department must get the TIP Report right or we will lose the foundational tool created to help the more than 20 million, maybe more, victims of trafficking and slavery around the world.    The tier ranking is about protecting vulnerable lives--lives destroyed or saved by the on-the-ground impact of a government's action or its inaction.    The easiest case for Tier 3 ranking should be those where the government itself is profiting from human trafficking such as in Cuba, where thousands of Cuba medical professionals labor in dangerous countries not of their choosing, their passports taken, their movements restricted, their families and licenses threatened and their salaries heavily garnished by the Cuban Government.    It is not a coincidence that Cuban law does not recognize labor trafficking. Maria Werlau testified at our hearing in March that, and I quote her, ``trafficking is a huge operation run by the government through numerous state enterprises, with . . . accomplices, participants, sponsors, and promoters all over the world.'' Cuba is also known as a known destination country for child sex tourists and Cuba reports no convictions for child sex tourism. Yet Cuba, although it had been previously year after year ranked Tier 3, is ranked Tier 2 Watch List again this year.    We have seen many countries take a Tier 3 ranking seriously and make real systemic changes and improve their tier rankings, but more importantly, protect trafficking victims. Countries such as South Korea and Israel come to mind.    When the Bush administration rated South Korea and Israel Tier 3 based on their records, both countries--I met with Ambassadors several times from those countries--who wanted to get off as quickly as possible, and I would tell them and I wasn't the only one--the TIP office said it ad nauseam to them--it's all about performance. It's all about what you do, not what you say.    Both countries enacted and implemented policies to combat human trafficking and were given earned upgrades for their verifiable actions.    But other countries attempt to end run the accountability system with endless empty promises of action or mostly meaningless gestures of compliance. China sat on Tier 2 Watch List for 8 years, each year promising the State Department they would implement their anti-trafficking plan.    Each year the State Department took the bait until Congress put a limit on the Tier 2 Watch List, 2 years only unless the President gives the country a waiver.    Well, China has once again promised to implement a plan and the President just gave them a waiver to stay on the Watch List a 3rd year.    Tier rankings are about real prosecutions that are verifiable. We know they happen. It's not just a list that is tendered by someone in the government to our Embassy or TIP official--real prevention and real protection for real people who are suffering as slaves.    The TIP Report was meant to speak for the trafficking victims waiting, hoping and praying for relief. While the 2016 TIP Report speaks for many of them, too many are still unheard.    I yield to Mr. Cicilline.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Cicilline.    I'd like to now recognize and express my gratitude on behalf of the subcommittee to Ambassador Susan Coppedge for her leadership at the TIP office. She is our Ambassador-at-Large to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons and senior advisor to the Secretary of State.    She was confirmed by the Senate, having been appointed by President Obama in October 2015 and leads the U.S. global engagement against human trafficking. Ambassador Coppedge previously served for 15 years as Assistant United States Attorney in the Northern District of Georgia. She prosecuted more than 45 human traffickers in Federal cases involving transnational and domestic sex trafficking of adults and children and labor trafficking. These prosecutions brought perpetrators of these heinous crimes to justice and assisted more than 90 victims of human trafficking.    Ambassador, the floor is yours.    Ambassador Coppedge. I am happy to be here today to discuss human trafficking in the 2016 Trafficking in Persons Report.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify about his crucial human rights issue and critical foreign policy issue. The subcommittee and its chairman have been a consistent champion of global efforts to combat human trafficking.    We very much appreciate Congress' bipartisan support on this issue and provision of resources so the department has both the foreign assistance funds and staff it needs to advance our shared goals of combating this heinous crime.    Two weeks ago on June 30th, Secretary Kerry released the 2016 Trafficking in Persons Report. The TIP Report demonstrates the U.S. Government's global leadership on combating human trafficking and it is our principal diagnostic tool to assess government efforts across what we call the three P's--prosecuting traffickers, protecting and empowering victims, and preventing future trafficking crimes.    The TIP Report reflects a whole of Department effort. It is the product of a year of research and reporting by my office, the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons, regional bureaus, and U.S. Embassies around the world, all informed by their engagements with foreign government officials, NGOs, faith groups, and international organizations.    The report provides country-specific narratives for 188 countries and territories and places them on one of four tiers representing the extent to which they meet the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking as outlined in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, or TVPA.    The report also offers recommendations for improvement in every country. The TIP Report is more than just an analysis of what countries are doing to combat trafficking. It is, above all else, an instrument of diplomacy, a means to effect change and motivate tangible progress in combating the many forms of trafficking.    And each year, the report and the Department's year round diplomatic efforts on trafficking do spur further progress. There are some places where we saw progress in the last year and other countries where we saw backsliding.    There are some examples submitted in my written testimony. I will just highlight one and that is the progress in the Philippines that the chairman mentioned where a strong coordinated government effort to combat human trafficking across the three P's earned the government its first ever Tier 1 ranking. The Philippines convicted 42 traffickers, including complicit government officials, fulfilling the top recommendation from the 2015 TIP Report.    The Philippines is also an example of successful targeting of U.S. anti-trafficking foreign assistance. The Department has funded programs over the last 10 years including grants to experienced and committed anti-trafficking NGOs to help the government improve its efforts.    This has led to the creation of a dedicated anti-trafficking prosecution unit and an increase in the number of prosecutions and convictions. Unfortunately, there were several countries that did not make progress this year.    For example, Sudan was ranked Tier 3 this year largely because the government continued to deny the existence of sex trafficking of adults and children and they did not report any efforts to address forced labor.    Another example is Serbia, which went back to Tier 2 Watch List as there were fewer victims identified and still fewer human trafficking prosecutions.    The Serbian Government did not afford victims sufficient protection or provide them with specialized services. We will continue our year round engagements with all governments to make clear that progress in combating human trafficking is a key priority of the U.S. Government, as well as a commitment of all governments that are a party to the Palermo Protocol.    Globally, we saw some promising trends representing growing political will. Since last year, there were 30 amendments to anti-trafficking laws and three states became parties to the landmark Palermo Protocols: The Republic of Korea, Sri Lanka, and Singapore, bringing that total to 169 countries.    While many governments reported increase in convictions, the reported figures still pale in comparison to the global scale of human trafficking. Further, in some countries, courts are not imposing sentences on traffickers that are sufficient to deter future criminal activity or reflective of the heinous nature of this crime.    In addition to the narratives for each country, the introduction to this year's report focuses on effective strategies to prevent human trafficking.    We witnessed a broad range of prevention efforts during the reporting period from strategic intervention programs to public/private partnerships that leverage expertise and facilitate creative solutions.    Those positive examples are also included in my written testimony. We are extremely encouraged by these prevention efforts, yet much work remains. As the 2016 report indicates, two areas of particular concern include the need for stronger efforts to root out corrupt and complicit officials who are themselves either engaged in or benefiting from trafficking and the need for support services and protections for victims so that they are not penalized for crimes committed as a direct result of being trafficked.    It is impossible to truly quantify the vast scope of modern slavery today. It is impossible to describe in words and tier rankings the full extent of the horror of human trafficking and what it inflicts on people and families and societies across the world.    Despite this, I would like to close with a positive and personal reflection on the TIP Report. I have seen firsthand that it continues to serve as the gold standard for analyzing government efforts to combat human trafficking and as a catalyst for a more humane world.    I am very proud of the hard work that went into the report this year and I look forward to using it to advance our ongoing diplomatic efforts to combat trafficking in the months ahead.    I understand there are specific countries the subcommittee wants to discuss and I'm happy to answer questions on these or other countries.    Thank you for having me.    Mr. Smith. Madam Ambassador, thank you so very much.    Without objection, your full statement will be made a part of the record.    And I would like to just begin by asking about China. You know, the tierage of China, obviously, has kept them off Tier 3, which is where I and so many others who work on human rights in China believe they ought to be.    And I've read very carefully the China narrative but it is deeply troubling that even where there is talk of the number of traffickers who have been convicted, there's language that follows that although it's unclear how many of these victims met the international definition of human trafficking, there's talk about the written plan which still defies implementation.    I remember any time a Chinese official would come to the United States during the 1990s and into 2000 and beyond but for about 5 straight years there would always be an announcement before the Premier came here or President that they're looking at signing and then after they signed it, ratifying the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, and they got a groundswell of good will about the promise and then the Premier would leave, go back and nothing would happen.    The written plan is still awaiting implementation as far as I can tell. Maybe you can provide better insight on that. On the Chinese sex trafficking of women, exacerbated in a huge way by the dearth of women and girls who have been killed through sex-selection abortion is we all know the numbers are tens of thousands of missing females as a part of that heinous crime of gender, and it is a crime, in my opinion.    They're missing. They are not there and they're not going to be recovered, the balance or the ratio for generations to come, even if they turned on a dime tomorrow.    And I'm wondering, when it comes to the magnet that China has become if there is an appreciation within the TIP office of how that has so exacerbated human trafficking, sex trafficking in particular and the exploitation of women.    When I raised this during the Bush administration there was an effort to look at that and it was when Tier 3 was meted out to China by the Obama administration that was listed as one of the criteria.    That has not abated. I was just in China. I gave a human rights speech over there. I talk to diaspora and especially human rights leaders in the Chinese community all the time. There has been no diminution of sex trafficking. It is only getting worse. It's a worsening, not a lessening situation. So if you could speak to that as well.    And finally, on the reform through labor which was a decided reason for the upgrade 3 years ago, the information that we have clearly contradicts that while they got rid of what they called reform through labor, and I was in one of those Beijing Prison Number One where 40 Tiananmen Square activists were doing labor and exporting the shoes and socks that they were making and that was back in the early 1990s.    But we know from the Chinese deputy director of Ministry of Justice who said in November 2014 that most of the reformed labor facilities were converted into costly drug detoxification centers, which is a euphemism, and that those individuals had increased by 29 percent and that these are reform through labor camps with a different name, a different shingle outside suggesting what they do inside.    How do you respond to that, all of those questions?    Ambassador Coppedge. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Let me know if I forget to respond to one of those points.    I want to start by telling you how much we appreciate your dedication to anti-trafficking efforts and all human rights efforts in China. It's very important to have that support on the Hill and we appreciate the work you have done in that area.    I will say that China received, as you noted, a Tier 2 Watch List ranking this year. That means it does not fully meet the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking and that it did not demonstrate overall increasing efforts compared to the previous reporting period. So that is not a passing grade.    If you look at the tier rankings as a pass/fail system, then China is still failing. It is on a Tier 2 Watch List, and we continue to urge them to take steps in many of the areas that your question highlighted.    We did receive this year numbers for the conviction of sex trafficking and they reported that 714 traffickers were convicted. They then also submitted that number that you mentioned that is a little murkier. It's a little harder to figure out whether that next figure is about trafficking because it's a crime that's called abduction of women and children.    And so it is counted in the report under the laws that China used. There may be some sex trafficking prosecutions in there. There may not. But as you know, the report says a country has to report data to us and if the data isn't clear we include that lack of clarity in the report when we provide the numbers.    So there was an increased reporting this year and there were 714 trafficking cases as well as other convictions that we could not discern clearly what they were.    With respect to the forced labor camps, we continued to get reports, as you yourself have, that some of those facilities have been rebranded and may still be used to cause forced labor.    We hunt down all the leads we get and we include those in the Trafficking in Persons Report. We are having great difficulty quantifying the extent of forced labor that occurs in these centers. But we certainly get reports beyond just from the government. The government provides reports but we also talk to NGOs and citizens and people who have left the country.    And individuals like yourself--when you travel I know that you share the information you gain with us and all of that goes into the report ranking for any country.    Mr. Smith. On the sex trafficking, if you could speak to the missing girls phenomena and how that might be impacting this magnet that China has become.    And again, on the reform through labor, do our personnel in our Embassies or consulates have access to independently verify any of this?    And even on the 714 traffickers presumably that were convicted, is that a piece of paper they convey to us or do we have a capability to independently verify that this is true?    Because it is the land of deceit by government officials. There's no doubt about it.    Ambassador Coppedge. It's challenging sometimes when governments present information including China to understand what happens behind those statistics and in some countries that are smaller with fewer prosecutions I know we are able to look behind the number and see what the trafficking cases were composed of. In this case, our clearest ability to look behind the numbers is the different laws that China self-reported it used to prosecute these individuals.    We do have officers at our Embassy in China and at our consulates looking at and looking for information there. So we do try to verify information as best we can. We use independent reports, human rights reports as well, so we do, to the best of our ability, look behind those numbers and try to verify them.    With respect to the missing girls, that touches on an area of fighting trafficking where demand has been created because there's a problem and this happens in other countries too where there appears to be heightened demand for commercial sex and that does lead to an increase in sex trafficking.    And what we have asked countries to do pursuant to the Trafficking Victims Protection Act minimum standards is to report to us what efforts they are doing to prevent the demand for young girls and adult women who might be engaged in commercial sex acts against their will.    Mr. Smith. Finally, on China, the report notes that China is granted a waiver from otherwise required downgrade to Tier 3 because its government had devoted sufficient resources to a sufficient written plan that, and I quote, ``if implemented would constitute making significant efforts to meet.''    So, again, it's the promise of implementing a plan that has not been implemented. They've allocated $8 million in a country the size and girth of the People's Republic of China with a problem that is beyond words big. That doesn't seem like much money for a country of that size.    But you even acknowledge that if implemented and it's like we've gotten that promise before and with great respect I would hope that we would not just take that at face value that they're doing us.    Ambassador Coppedge. As you know, Congressman, there's only the ability to remain on the Tier 2 Watch List for 4 years and those last 2 years we do require the national action plan. I believe this is China's first waiver and so they only have 1 more year where the national action plan would keep them on the Tier 2 Watch List. After that, they would have to move up to Tier 2 on their own efforts or down to Tier 3. So that period of time where they can rely on the national action plan is a 2-year period.    Mr. Smith. Let me just ask you, Madam Ambassador, in your testimony for the Senate this morning you said there were a handful of cases where J/TIP recommendations on rankings were opposed by other offices of the State Department. Was China, Cuba, or Malaysia--and Malaysia three of those countries and what was the recommendation of the TIP office and who made decisions to counter that?    Ambassador Coppedge. Well, with respect to the recommendations my team at the Trafficking in Persons office works with individuals at Embassies and posts that are stationed abroad.    We also work with the regional officials at the State Department and come up with the consensus recommendations we present to the Secretary.    He approves all of those consensus recommendations or has the final approval on all of those. With respect to a handful of countries, there may have been some facts that were missing that we were striving to reach still from countries seeking more information.    There was debate on factors potentially pointing in separate directions. So those were the internal deliberations and I was able to present arguments to the Secretary on any of those countries and ultimately the final decision was made by the Secretary for any that there was not a consensus recommendation.    Mr. Smith. Again, on the written plan is that the 2013 plan, if that's when it was originally written?    Ambassador Coppedge. It is the 2013 plan. You're correct.    Mr. Smith. So we're still awaiting its implementation?    Ambassador Coppedge. We are. It was a 2013 to 2020 national plan of action against trafficking in persons.    Mr. Smith. Okay. Let me, very briefly, and then I will yield to my distinguished colleagues, on the issue of Malaysia and, you know, David Abramowitz, who served under Sam Gejdenson, Tom Lantos was always involved with crafting the best possible bipartisan effort on human trafficking.    In his testimony today he talks about the report. It is not without its troubling flaws when we start with Malaysia, he says, and he makes--and not only is it unjustified that Malaysia is not on Tier 3 which all of us, I think, are deeply concerned about.    But he makes a point that upgrading Thailand to Tier 2 Watch List was also unwarranted but points to the perils that the Malaysia upgrade created. In other words, because Malaysia was to be given a free pass a country like Thailand that had more convictions--35 last year, for example--that was upgraded artificially to make it look as if there's a sense of balance.    That's a terrible outcome. Who made that decision? Was it a TIP recommendation for the Watch List or was that someone else's?    Ambassador Coppedge. The final decisions are made by the Secretary and he spoke at the TIP Report release saying that the conclusions are based on facts and based on analysis that occurs over the course of the year.    He also acknowledged that he worked with the experts in this area. I will say that we don't compare countries to one another. We compare a country to its efforts the previous year.    So Malaysia's efforts were compared to its efforts the previous year and Thailand to its efforts the previous year. They weren't compared to each other.    Mr. Smith. And on Cuba, Cuba was Tier 3 from the very beginning until last year. I read the narrative and I said how is that not a Tier 3 country, particularly when they claim labor trafficking doesn't exist?    I can't even get a visa to go to Cuba. I met with the Ambassador and he said only if I agree to pre-set parameters of who I meet with would I be given a visa, because I would go and investigate human trafficking and talk to people in the country as well as dissidents.    I can't even get in the country and I've been trying for 20 years. I don't know how Cuba escaped the Tier 3 rating.    Ambassador Coppedge. As you know, it is on the Tier 2 Watch List for the second year, meaning it did not make increased efforts to combat trafficking.    I did travel to Cuba in January and met with individuals at the Ministry of Health to talk about our concerns with respect to the medical missions and people participating in those missions who don't have their travel documents or personal identification documents with them when they travel.    So we continue to press the Cuban Government on indicators of trafficking that may exist. We also press them to reform their law to address all forms of trafficking. So, certainly, the problems that Cuba has are highlighted in the report and they do have a lot of areas with which they need to improve. They have improved with respect to sex trafficking prosecutions and to their coordination with law enforcement, both U.S. law enforcement and law enforcement in the region that they are working with to prevent sexual predators from coming into Cuba for sex tourism, but also to share information about any who do come in to engage in those prosecutions with other countries.    Mr. Smith. So if we notice then, pursuant to the International Megan's Law, we are confident they will respond that a convicted pedophile from the U.S. will be watched or perhaps denied a visa?    Ambassador Coppedge. I believe denied a visa, Congressman. We spoke with them about cases where they had turned away those who had been convicted in the U.S. of predatory sexual practices.    Mr. Smith. You make a great point about human trafficking, the TIP heroes, including a group or a person fighting with trafficking, combating hereditary slavery in Mauritania.    For the record--and I'm glad to see that, I think that's a great award for that person to get--but on March 13, 1996, I chaired a hearing called ``Slavery in Mauritania and Sudan'' and the State Department told me and my subcommittee, Mr. Twaddell, who was then the Deputy Assistant Secretary for African Affairs, that the Human Rights Report for 1995 indicates that such practices as coercive slavery and commerce in slaves appeared to have virtually disappeared.    I was told that this was a hearing in search of a problem, that there was no problem there. Matter of fact, one of our colleagues, former colleagues, who was a paid consultant for the country of Mauritania, actually testified and said there's no slavery and he had seen it. I asked him well, how often do you go there. Twice, every year. Mervyn Dymally had said that. No slavery.    This is why I get concerned about reports that suggest it's not as big of a problem or, I mean, we had this and tried to do something back in 1996 and sitting in that witness chair just like you I was told go fish. There is no problem in Mauritania, and there is and there continues to be.    Ambassador Coppedge. You won't be told that by me today. I can tell you that they are Tier 3 and we were very pleased to honor those individuals working in Mauritania against heredity slavery as well as seven other individuals.    And it was very moving to me when they said that this makes a difference in their fights, in their countries against trafficking because they can go back and say it is a problem, it's a documented problem in this report and I have been honored for my work in it and my own Government should do better about it rather than relying on me to do this work and being honored by a foreign government.    Mr. Smith. Well, thank you for honoring them and for your commitment there. I would like to yield to Ms. Bass.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Cicilline.    Mr. Smith. Ambassador, we do have 11 votes. I'm not sure how David Abramowitz--I'm not sure--can you stay? I appreciate that.    Thank you. And I apologize deeply for that. They're saying it will take about an hour. Let me just ask a couple of final follow-up questions.    On Cuba where it's clearly stated there is no reporting on labor trafficking whatsoever, 84,000 workers from foreign medical missions. A significant amount of the government revenue is derived from that.    How is it that that lack of reporting didn't trigger a red flag, especially since you acknowledge in your report that some of the people said that they were coerced into that overseas mission?    Ambassador Coppedge. So those factors do raise a red flag and as you noted are called out in the narrative. But there are four minimum standards and the fourth has twelve indicia.    And so we evaluate all of those standards and look at the totality of what's going on in the country. Cuba has made some progress, as I indicated with respect to keeping sex tourists out of the country. They have increased their efforts to address sex trafficking. We continue to press them to engage more in labor trafficking and to allow the people involved in the medical missions to hold their documents when they are working abroad.    Mr. Smith. Again, just for clarification purposes, when you receive data from the People's Republic of China, to what extent do we try to verify that it's accurate?    Ambassador Coppedge. In every case we try to verify that information.    Mr. Smith. And how do we do that?    Ambassador Coppedge. We have individuals on the ground who are gathering information from sources other than the government. We rely on human rights organizations. We rely on dissidents. We rely on press. We rely on any sources of information we can to verify that information.    I will say, as I alluded to earlier with respect to Cuba, that in that case where there's a smaller number of convictions, we actually have lawyers at the State Department who looked at the facts in those cases and said yes, these are sex trafficking cases that we can now count and say this is the number of prosecutions they had.    It becomes much more challenging and problematic in a country as large as China to verify every case. We simply can't do that. But they do in China break out the prosecutions by the type of law they were convicted under and we did distinguish those types of prosecutions in the report this year.    Mr. Smith. But we don't have access, we don't have people in the courtroom. I mean, what kind of transparency is there?    Ambassador Coppedge. We strive for transparency in this report and that's why there is----    Mr. Smith. No, I mean in terms of the Chinese statistics.    Ambassador Coppedge. It's very hard to get information, as you know, sir, from China.    Mr. Smith. Because if you look at the numbers from 2010, there is actually a 55-percent decline in the number of cases and 62-percent decline in the number of convictions, again, compared to 2010. Not last year but 2010 when they were Tier 3.    So I have trouble understanding whether or not we have real numbers even in 2010 and the numbers have actually declined from when they were Tier 3 when it comes to convictions and prosecutions.    Ambassador Coppedge. But it's not just the numbers that the tier ranking is based on. It's based on the four minimum standards and the 12 indicia.    So we have to look at all of the factors. And I do know that from last year that China did provide increasing statistics to us, more information and more transparency than they had in 2014, for the 2015 report.    Mr. Smith. So on China, your recommendation is comported with what the Secretary did?    Ambassador Coppedge. So I--certainly support the book as a whole and the Secretary has the final authority. And so this is a State Department--whole of Department effort and we were able to discuss all of the countries of concern to the Trafficking in Persons office with the Secretary.    Mr. Smith. Okay. Let me just--and for the record, the part on the United States, which is a welcome depart, and it's good that we're Tier 1, but I think people tend to forget that there is an annual Attorney General's report that is 400 pages long. This is 418 for the entire world.    We do look introspectively and we do it with a different part of our Government, the Attorney General's office in the Justice Department. And I think sometimes that goes under recognized.    We are looking and trying to improve all the time and what you have here is just a distillation of what other parts of the government are doing on a Federal level. So I think that's important to point out.    Unfortunately, we've got votes. I have another 20 questions but I won't get to them. I'll submit them for the record. And again, I apologize to Mr. Abramowitz that we have about an hour's worth of votes. Then we'll reconvene as soon as we return.    We stand in recess.    Mr. Smith. The subcommittee will resume its sitting and I want to apologize again to Mr. Abramowitz and those who have stayed. Thank you for your forbearance.    I'd like to introduce David Abramowitz who is the managing director of Humanity United Action overseeing public policy and government relations.    Previously he served as chief counsel to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs where he was responsible for advising the committee of such matters as international law, justice, global human rights, democracy issues including and especially trafficking in persons, and promoting democracy assistance.    He worked doggedly on the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 and especially on the reauthorization of the Wilberforce Act in 2008 among other important pieces of legislation.    Prior to joining the committee staff in 1999, David worked in the Department of State for 10 years on arms control, the Middle East, and legislation relating to foreign relations and I'd like to yield the floor to Mr. Abramowitz.    Mr. Smith. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Smith. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Abramowitz, thank you very much for your testimony.    As you I'm sure observed during my questioning of the Ambassador-at-Large I used some of your comments, particularly the idea of the equivalence of Thailand goes up because Malaysia has gone up in terms of tier ranking, and I think that was a very valid point.    I didn't really get an answer to that and some of the other questions and I think hopefully on some of the written questions we'll get an elaboration on some of the why's of this because there are a lot of left unanswered and important questions. I mean, whether or not the TPP had any influence whatsoever on Malaysia's tier ranking. I think you can't even look somebody in the face and have a straight face and say it didn't because I think it's obvious it did because it's not based on Malaysia's trafficking record.    So I thank you for those points. You know, the yellow card that the European Commission had put on Thailand, where is that in terms of its consideration?    Mr. Smith. Mr. Abramowitz, with regards to Cambodia, corruption of or prosecution of corrupt officials is key to changing the climate of impunity for human trafficking. We know there is a lot of cross border trafficking and what a destination point as well as origination Cambodia actually is.    Your thoughts on what needs to happen for Cambodia to take this more seriously and to really crack down on the government officials?    Mr. Smith. Let me ask you with regards to China, you heard my exchange with the Ambassador-at-Large about the view toward a written plan that goes unimplemented but the promise of implementation is dangled like a low-hanging fruit. They continue to retain their category of Watch List.    Your thoughts on that? Because it seems to me they can stretch that for years and when do we finally say we're not convinced?    Mr. Smith. Can you list some examples?    Mr. Smith. Well, on that import ban it's worth noting Frank Wolf and I, when we visited Beijing Prison Number One soon after Tiananmen Square, we actually took socks and jelly shoes, which, for young girls, was very popular at the time. They were coming to this country.    Since we knew that there were 40 Tiananmen Square and other convicts laboring in that place we got an import ban on it. We asked the customs commissioner to do it. He did it and it held and we think it may have even closed down that particular laogai. Of course, they just moved it somewhere else. So it was not a Pyrrhic victory but at least a step in the right direction.    Now, you recall that both Bush and Clinton always talked about the MOU on gulag-made goods and referencing Smoot-Hawley, you know, the 1930 act. But it always had a gaping flaw to it in that if we suspected something as far as I know it has not changed. We tell them, they being the Chinese Government. They inspect it and 60 days later they come back and tell us whether or not it was true or not.    I mean, that's like telling a lawbreaker you go investigate your nefarious enterprise and tell us what you find. It was absurd at its face then but that was touted for years.    I remember meeting two customs officials in Beijing on one of my trips to Beijing in the early 1990s and I said, ``What do you guys do? When do you ever investigate any of this?'' The bottom line is--you might recall this--they were like the Maytag repairman. They had nothing to do relative to this issue and they said, we really don't get any requests.    So we should really be looking, I think, to get an MOU or something like that that has real teeth to it so that we're looking for these gulag-made goods and then we take action to truly, you know, put an import ban on it. So----    Mr. Smith. Let's work together on that one. Sherrod Brown and I used to co-chair the Congressional-Executive Commission on China together so we sat next to each other for years, and I will follow up with him. I think it's a great idea.    Let me just ask you, with regards to China--one last thing on China. We know that the North Koreans who are trafficked who make it across the border and because we ran out of time I didn't get to ask Ambassador Coppedge that--but it is a question we'll submit for the record.    That is a clear violation of the Refugee Convention. The UNHCR has yet to really step up and raise the issue in a meaningful way with Beijing. But we should and it seems to me it ought to be a real issue in our bilateral with China that they send people back to sure prison or they're trafficked, not 100 percent but in a huge percentage of the cases. And your thoughts on that?    Mr. Smith. Yeah. No, that's a great idea. We just got back, a few of us. Allison Hollabaugh and others on the Helsinki Commission from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe's Parliamentary Assembly.    I was the head of delegation. I'm also a Special Representative for Trafficking, and at it I offered a resolution that did pass but not without people voting against it and speaking out against it, particularly the Norweigan delegation on International Megan's Law. That law is 8 years in the making, passed the House three times. Finally got through the Senate, and the argument that was being made by Norway's delegation was once somebody serves time, that should be the end of it. Everyone forgets why they're in prison and there's no follow up and our argument back was this is about child protection. The proclivity to recommit these crimes is so very, very high--well-documented that we've got to ensure that for the sake of children there's at least a noticing requirement and hopefully becomes reciprocal so we're noticed when they come here, people who are convicted of these crimes against children.    I am wondering what your thoughts are on that because we know that we are trying to get European countries, and it did pass--the resolution; we'll give you a copy.    Without objective we'll make it a part of this record as well--and we had good buy-in from our friends from Canada, some of the others--the U.K. had some of the members of the delegation there were very supportive. But, again, and the eastern and central European countries very supportive--not the Nordic countries and some of the others in that region. It was very, very disappointing.    I think it presents a real challenge to all of us so your thoughts on that one.    Mr. Smith. That's a good thought. We do require in the law reporting. We want to know when the information is actionable, what do they do so we have feedback on a constant basis. So you're right, we build a narrative. It's more likely they'll be persuaded over time.    Mr. Smith. One of the most interesting side conversations I had in Tbilisi was with a former member of the Royal Mounties who when Phuket was hit with the tsunami, and I joined the delegation. We went to Sri Lanka, Phuket, and Banda Aceh. And Phuket, obviously, has a tremendous amount of sex trafficking and of children and it was made very clear that many of the bodies that he was a part of identifying, sadly, were--their country of origination was in the Nordic area. He was kind of shocked by that. And so there could be a more systemic problem that needs to be addressed there as well.    But you're right, we build a narrative and hopefully they'll be persuaded. One last question and then I'll make a final comment, and anything else you'd like to add that you think might be helpful.    You heard the back and forth on Cuba earlier today. I've read again the Cuba narrative which I think is very thorough. The point that some--what's the number--84,000 foreign mission workers are sent abroad. It's a great money maker for the Cuban Government, and yet--and there's been ongoing decades-long allegations that there is coercion involved and then our TIP Report says they took no action to address forced labor which is the co-equal with sex trafficking where there is also huge deficiencies, particularly on child sex trafficking.    It makes me wonder and beyond words how they could be on the Watch List. Seems to me that if there is a rapprochement going on with Cuba it ought to be done with human rights in hand, not in the back somewhere or hidden from view. Friends don't let friends commit human rights abuses. If we really area getting closer to the Cuban Government which many are doing, I think it ought to be done with principles that are not compromised for some political reason.    But your thoughts on the absolute lack of labor trafficking and then the issue of sex trafficking.    Finally, in the recommendations to Cuba, it calls for allowing the U.N. Special Rapporteur to visit there. I remember the last Special Representative that went to Cuba and I was a part of it.    I didn't play the role. It was Armando Valladares who led the U.S. delegation during the Reagan administration. I went over with him, spent a week in the U.N. Human Rights Commission and he got an investigation into the Cuban prisons.    Everybody was retaliated against when they left. I don't think there was a single person not, and but at least we began focusing on Cuba. They wouldn't even let the Rapporteur in to look at human trafficking.    So I think we're premature at best putting that Watch List as an issue on there. But I appreciate your thoughts.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Let me just conclude by thanking you, David Abramowitz, for your lifelong work on human rights, particularly on human trafficking.    Thank you that you have amassed a list of recommendations for reauthorization. I look forward to working with you on that. My concern is that there will be some of those issues that will not be acceptable to the Senate, more likely be acceptable to the House.    Even on the Human Trafficking Prioritization Act, which has now sat over there for two Congresses in a row without an action, and it deals with this issue of these downgrades and the parking lot and which we thought we addressed with the Wilberforce Act in 2008, which still remains a problem.    But I look forward to working with you on that, going forward, and I thank you for that leadership. And if I could just conclude. Are there any other countries that you think we haven't touched on that bear is some scrutiny and focus?    Obviously, every country in the book, anything on any country in Tier 3, obviously, but this hearing was to look at where mistakes may have been made, obviously, congratulate where good things have been done and basically, the TIP Report is a good report, but it has some egregious flaws that, again, the Reuters organization discovered last year, which I have been saying for some years myself.    So are there any other countries that you think might need a focus?    Mr. Smith. I appreciate that, and thanks for raising India. I met with the Indian Ambassador to the U.S. a few times now and he assures me that the retaliation against T Visa holders has ended.    He may not have all the information on that and when Mr. Modi was in town I raised two issues with him quickly; one was child abduction and the other was trafficking, and the hope is that he'll take them very seriously.    I'll never forget IJM's--we actually showed a video that they had of young Indian girls who were in a cave-like cellar and they were being, obviously, trafficked for sex exploitation--very, very young girls.    When they came up out of this hole they removed the door to it and their eyes were adjusting and it was just a heartbreaking scene to see and they were down there to evade the police who were on the search or the hunt but were tipped off.    So thank you for raising India and some of these other countries.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Abramowitz, thank you so very much and the hearing is adjourned.