    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Shelanski, welcome back. When did you receive a subpoena from this committee?    Mr. Connolly. So last July?    Mr. Connolly. And what was the subpoena for?    Mr. Connolly. Any ballpark guess when you got that as to the volume, the number of pages of documents that would entail?    Mr. Connolly. So the subpoena covered a period of time that is now 10 years ago.    Mr. Connolly. That could be a lot of documents presumably?    Mr. Connolly. These are documents that would involve multiple agencies, including, of course, the EPA?    Mr. Connolly. Was there a point in time at which you could circumscribe the universe of potential number of documents involved?    Mr. Connolly. Yes. Because the chairman's questioning allows an impression that you are willfully ignoring a subpoena from the Congress, and I don't think any of us on either side of this committee would ever support a willful ignoring of a legitimate subpoena from the committee, which is charged with oversight of the Federal Government.    So let me ask you, when you get a subpoena, when you got that subpoena, so what happened?    Mr. Connolly. Just to be clear, you're referring to previous requests for information not involving a subpoena?    Mr. Connolly. And what was the volume of those first two productions?    Mr. Connolly. Did somebody in the agency, including perhaps yourself, look at the response to determine, ``This is being responsive,'' or, ``It's inadequate,'' or, ``We need to do more?''    Mr. Connolly. And were there communications between committee staff and your office during that process?    Mr. Connolly. Presumably, as part of the process, I mean, it's not a simple matter of, ``We have got a request or subpoena; let's fill up a pickup truck of anything that says 'Waters of the U.S.' and throw it in the back of that truck and send it on up to Congress.'' Is that correct? There's some vetting process, some review process?    Mr. Connolly. Was it your view that the committee reverted to a subpoena because the committee felt your response to the previous request was inadequate?    Mr. Connolly. Is it my understanding that those productions have produced over 6,400 pages of documents?    Mr. Connolly. So the chairman has indicated not adequate; you must be hiding something. What would be the total amount of documents that we haven't gotten that we should get?    Mr. Connolly. I want to be very clear. That is your sworn testimony today?    Mr. Connolly. So, in response to the chairman's question, what are you hiding----    Mr. Connolly. But review in and of itself is not an unreasonable thing for anybody to engage in in response to any such request?    Mr. Connolly. I would just note, you know, I was in local government for 14 years, and I was subject to a very strict FOIA set of requirements in the Commonwealth of Virginia, very strict. My phone records were subject to FOIA. My schedule was subject to FOIA. Any and all correspondence was subject to FOIA. And I certainly reserved the right, with the advice of counsel, to redact personal information when I responded to a FOIA and review the request. We also reserved the right, especially with respect to requests from media, to try to work with the media to hone the request, so we were responsive, but it wasn't just a fishing expedition.    I certainly support the chairman and the full committee in any and all document requests that we may need to do our work, and we always want to hold executive branch agencies accountable and insist that they be responsive, and there's always a built-in tension, irrespective of who's in the White House and who's here.    But we also want to make sure that we're being reasonable in as we review how responsive you are, and I think the process sometimes could be a little more complicated than we sometimes let on.    Thank you for your testimony today.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.