    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Secretary, for your time here.    We have had a couple of hearings of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. And I have a series of questions here, which I would like to sort of make part of the record rather than go through them today and ask that the Secretary give us a timely response.    Mr. Fitzpatrick. I will submit them to the Chair.    I actually wanted to follow up on some questions and your quick responses from my friend, Mr. Capuano of Massachusetts, with respect to the national debt.    It was being referred to as the national debt, which is not in the FSOC report, it is not even identified, that, number one, the national debt is a good story, it is a good story to tell about the national debt, and, number two, it is not a threat to our economy. And I think that you answered both in the affirmative. Do you agree with that?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. But, Mr. Secretary, the question is the debt itself, which in 2008 President Obama referred to as a $10 trillion national debt is unpatriotic and immoral. Today, there is a debt clock, it is right above us at the hearing, $18 trillion, $159 billion--it is going up a million dollars a minute.    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Is it a good story?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. That deficit started coming down, there was a new Administration, a new Speaker who took office in January of 2011, and because of fiscal restraint, restraint of Federal spending and growth of the economy, the annual operating deficit is coming down. But it is not zero yet and the national debt continues to rise. Is that a good story?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Mr. Secretary, a couple of years ago the then-Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff described the national debt as the greatest threat to our national security. Is an $18 trillion debt a threat to our national economy?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. I am not asking about the annual operating deficit. I am asking about the national debt.    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Mr. Secretary, last month you referred to a proposed amendment to combat currency manipulation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership as a poison pill. But also last month, the President said he was opening new efforts to combat currency manipulation abroad.    Can you describe what efforts or what ideas the Administration might have, what the role of the Treasury would be, and whether you think they could be effective?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. But can you identify the ideas the Administration was referring to last month?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. I want to get a question on Treasury's budget. The President identifies the budget as a compilation of our Nation's priorities. FinCEN and the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence (OTFI) have been relatively flat-funded. Congress has met, probably even exceeded the President's request, specifically on FinCEN. I want to say that the organizations within the Department of the Treasury do an outstanding job with the resources that they have.    Mr. Fitzpatrick. But we see terror growing, the challenges globally every single day, new organizations coming to light every single month. What can you tell us about--    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Do they have sufficient resources?