    Mr. Culbertson. Thank you, sir. Do we have time with the--    Mr. Culbertson. Good afternoon, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Edwards, Mr. Chairman Smith, distinguished Members of the Subcommittee and the staff. It's a real honor for me to be here. I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you on behalf of Orbital ATK regarding our concept for deep space habitat as a part of the long-term path to Mars exploration.    The Committee leadership has framed the issues very well, I think, in your opening remarks, and I think my colleagues have done a good job of talking about the things that are going to be a challenge for us and how we might be able to move forward on that. It's an exciting and inspiring time for our Nation's human space exploration program. NASA is on course to send humans beyond low-Earth orbit, leveraging what we're doing on the ISS, Commercial Crew and Cargo programs, as well as the Space Launch System, Orion, and the new cislunar habitat that is being proposed and studied.    We want to achieve the goal of landing humans on Mars in the early 2030s, and we're proud to be supporting our NASA customer every step of the way.    I think that U.S. leadership in cislunar space is critical to continue the leadership we have had for a long time in space in general. It is the high ground but it also is a great example of what we can do as Americans, and it inspires the next generation and gives them a place to go.    By combining the new NASA and commercial space sector capabilities such as on SLS, Orion, Cygnus, we can develop a deep space habitat and high-power solar electric propulsion, two of the building blocks for moving on to Mars.    We think a crew-tended lunar orbital station within the next five years is doable, feasible, and something that we should be working towards.    Orbital ATK is a global leader in aerospace and defense technologies. We have delivered a lot of satellites. We have numbers in here, and they're in my testimony. We have over 1,300 successful years of on-orbit satellite experience, 268 human-rated boosters, and we are building the boosters for the SLS program. We have 91 satellites currently operating in space, and we're continuing to collaborate with NASA and our other customers.    But we do think it's important to transition beyond low-Earth orbit and to do that soon. The commercial approach that we've used to develop the Commercial Cargo Resupply Service we think is a good model for that. I think it'll be a combination of government programs, public-private partnership, and commercial endeavors in order to achieve this. We think that cislunar space does give us the testing ground.    For my colleague, Mr. Bridenstine, who was here earlier, it's like a shakedown cruise. You've got to go out and test what you've got before you go and do it for real operationally, and I think this gives us the opportunity to do that.    If I can have my first slide, please?    This is an artist's conception of the cislunar habitat based on the Cygnus module that we used for delivering cargo to the International Space Station. We think it's a great starting point, one that's already mature and developed and actually on the Space Station right now and will finish a 90-day mission in June. So it can be developed to go beyond low-Earth orbit. Next picture, please.    Here's a good picture of the Cygnus itself at the Space Station, and the next slide, it's a crew selfie, if you will, of the interior of that module once we delivered the cargo to the crew, which always is a good day for them. This arrived on Easter, so they were looking for the Easter eggs. But we're happy to be able to support that. We think that Cygnus provides the technology reduction needed to move into cislunar because there will be challenges there. There will be things that we have to overcome there that are going to challenge us on the way to Mars including the radiation environment, the autonomous operations that are necessary for such a long trip. We're already using Cygnus for technology development, and at the end of this current mission, we will activate the Spacecraft Fire Experiment, or SAFFIRE-1, during free flight as we leave the station to generate the largest fire ever generated manmade in space to see how things burn in space, and we know how they burn on Mars now, Andy, but I think this'll be a great experiment to enhance the safety of the crew going forward.    Commercial acquisition practices are important and will be a part of it. I think that encouraging business to move into low-Earth orbit on a much more comprehensive basis is part of what's happening right now with Commercial Cargo, Commercial Crew, and then moving beyond that is a challenge we're going to have to meet but we think that it will come also. Obviously humans in space is the big key.    Let me just mention something one of my kids said when I was training for the Space Station, and I won't embarrass him by telling you which one. When I was putting him to bed one night, he said, ``You know, Dad, you're getting pretty old,'' and he wasn't even a teenager yet, and I said, ``What's your point?'' He said, ``Well, I know you wanted to go to Mars when you became an astronaut but it's probably not going to happen while you're active. So I'll tell you what, I'll go for you.'' Well, he's in his 20s now, and his generation is going to go for me. And by the way I said, ``Well, you know, John Glenn flew at 77 so don't write me off yet.''    I would love to go to Mars, and I would do it. I think that we are doing at Orbital ATK and our colleagues throughout industry, working with NASA to move into this realm, is very, very important and critical to U.S. leadership and critical to inspiring the next generation to stay involved, to get into science, technology, engineering and math, and keep this country great.    Thank you very much. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Culbertson. Do you want him to put a helmet on or hold his breath?    Mr. Culbertson. Yes, sir. My personal experience was that NASA spends a lot of time investigating what's happening to the astronauts both while they're in space and after they return. We go through an annual physical to see whether there are any residual effects, and the effects that Mr. Weir talked about are there and real, and we do do a lot of exercising and other countermeasures.    The radiation aspect is a serious one too, and when you leave, as you said, the magnetosphere, you're exposed to it much more, and the types of technologies that Jason mentioned such as water protection, there's also PVC. People are working on actually superconductivity as a potential way of protecting the crew inside. But I think if we use the opportunity to go to cislunar space and when we first have a module arrive, have enough sensors on there to really characterize the interior of what the crew might be exposed to when they arrive later, then we might be better prepared, and of course, we start with the short missions there and investigate the effects on the crew before we actually send them on their long voyages. I think we'll learn a lot. I do think we will figure out a way to counter those. I don't think it's impossible.    Mr. Culbertson. Thank you. I'll try to be brief.    I agree with what the others have said so far, and I think there are some really important principles here. One is that if we have a habitat in the vicinity of the Moon, we have a destination for Orion. We also have prepositioned supplies, we have the ability to provide backup capabilities such as power, maybe even propulsion, and maybe even a way home if the spacecraft were to have any other problems of some sort, and it is a dangerous environment where things can happen, so a certain amount of redundancy early on in testing is important.    As I mentioned earlier, you have to think of this as a shakedown cruise where you are testing not just the systems but the people, and not just the people in space but the people on the ground who are designing things, who are operating, who are supporting the crew. There's going to be a lot of complicated aspects to that that are going to have to be more than what we're doing now in low-Earth orbit. The modular approach I think is extremely important just like the watertight compartments on a ship protect the crew if there's anything that happens to any part of the hull. You may need the same capability as we learned on the Mir on basically an outpost around the Moon.    I remember thinking as I was on the Space Station when I was a little bit more naive about what industry can do that I could just take the station, and if I had enough propulsion, I could go on to the Moon or on to Mars, and might want to pick a different crew but it still was, I think, a technical capability, and I think that basic principle, even though we would have to change some of the specifics is what we have to have as we go beyond low-Earth orbit.    Mr. Culbertson. Yes, sir. There's always a possibility that something could emerge, and as Congressman Bridenstine knows, if a target's coming right at you in the air, you sometimes don't see it until it's right on top of you, and that could be the case. I participated in a study with the National Science Foundation a few years ago where we did look at the observational capabilities both on the surface of the Earth and in space to track the objects that are out there, and he's right. We haven't detected anything yet that we can track that is a threat to the Earth. I also agree with him that if we did detect something and we had time to do something about it, we would do something about it.    Mr. Culbertson. Right, but right now if you were to say I want to do a specific thing to protect the Earth against a specific asteroid or any other object, there are so many different types of objects out there, settling on only one solution probably would not be cost-effective. You'd need to know the threat.    Mr. Culbertson. Yes, ma'am, pretty much along the same lines. We need a vision. We need leadership. We need decisions out of the government, both branches of the government, and we need everybody to be pretty much on the same page. So in my view, it needs to be as non-partisan as possible, bipartisan where necessary, but we need decisions and we need the right level of funding, and also you need to know that as industry, you're investing in this, it will eventually pay off for you too, and so if we're going to have to have skin in the game, we need to understand how NASA or other agencies will allow us to commercialize that. For example, if we had an X percentage investment in it, we ought to be able to sell X percentage of that capability while we are providing that kind of service and support. Services are a good way to start in this, and we're doing that with Cargo and Crew and other ways of continuing those kind of operations in space, and of course, communications is a great example of how that can evolve into a standalone industry. Whether we can establish an industry like that around the Moon, I think that's a long way off but it certainly could happen, depending on what we discover there.    I also think, to address some of the earlier discussion, developing the capabilities to do these kind of things will allow us to address some of the other really hard problems such as protection of the planet and detecting things further out and sooner so that if we need to take action, we can do that. That comes as a byproduct of doing really hard things like this as we saw going to the Moon.    Mr. Culbertson. Yes, sir. Many of them have to do with acquisition process in terms of how we built this as an orbital investment with NASA co-investing but we own the system basically and we provide the service, and they pay for the service. You can take that same principle almost anywhere in the local vicinity--by that, I mean the Moon--by providing cargo services, crew services, power, other things that you could provide to any NASA activity that was happening around the Moon. But a lot of it has to do with how the hardware's developed, what the level of oversight versus insight is that NASA would have to have. As long as they set the goals and the standards and we can meet them, then you can provide the service and they can get what they need without investing in a whole lot of hardware. But the commercial industry, of course, has to show a return for shareholders in order to be able to do that.    On the technical side, of course, the spacecraft has performed very well autonomously going to the Space Station, achieving its rendezvous, stopping at 10 meters and being grappled by the crew. That kind of autonomy certainly can apply to any activities in cislunar space. The redundancy that we have, the spacecraft was based on our 15-year life geocoms that have a lot of resiliency and reliability in their systems, and we can fly a lot longer than the 90 days that we currently do on a Space Station mission. So we think we've got the basics available to us to move to low-Earth-- I mean to cislunar.