    Mr. Poole. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member DeFazio, and Members. I have been researching the air traffic system since----    Mr. Poole. Yes. I have been researching----    Mr. Poole. I have been researching this subject since 1977, believe it or not, and have written many reports and journal articles about it. I am a member of GAO's National Aviation Studies Panel, was part of working groups on ATC reform at the Business Roundtable and at the Eno Center for Transportation.    There is a growing consensus that our ATC system no longer has the most modern equipment, the most efficient airplane routings, or the best technology. So the question before us today is what is the best way to reform the system?    Over the past 25 years, as has been said, more than 60 countries have corporatized their systems, and 51 of those are commercialized, meaning that they have separated safety regulation from ATC service provision, they are self-funding by means of customer charges to ensure independence from Government budget problems, and they are designed, basically, as a customer-serving utility. And that is a very important word, which I will get back to.    ATC is a monopoly, and there are three different ways of dealing with a monopoly: number one is a Government Corporation; number two is a private, for-profit company with rate regulation; and number three is a nonprofit, user co-op with self-regulation, because the users are basically the ones making the policy decisions on the board. These are the same three alternatives we have in public utilities in the United States, like electricity, water supply, telecommunications, so forth. There is a huge literature on how to do utilities, and these are the ways--these are the choices we have.    There have been many independent studies of the performance of these numerous--50 or so--corporatized ATC providers over the years, including two full-length academic books. All of these studies have found reduced costs, increased efficiency, better technology, and no reduction in air safety and, in many cases, improvements in air safety.    The main problems we are faced with today, as has been said, are uncertain and inadequate funding for ATC, a flawed governance model, and a status quo-oriented culture. In the study that I did for the Hudson Institute on innovation in air traffic control, 2 years ago, I concluded that the biggest of these three problems, which has not been mentioned much at all today, is the organizational culture, which is very status quo-oriented.    With inputs from a lot of current and former FAA people, my conclusion was that there are four reasons for this status quo culture in the ATO. Number one, the ATO self-identifies as a safety agency, rather than as a service provider to its customers. Number two, it has inadequate, let's say, senior management and high-technology people. Therefore, it is way overly dependent on contractors. Number three, it has excessive external oversight, as the GAO and the inspector general have reported out. The problem is called ``too many cooks'' to try to manage the business. And finally, a lack of customer focus. De facto, the ATO considers Congress, you folks, as its customer that it has to satisfy, rather than its aviation customers.    Based on global best practice, we now have a recipe for how to fix these problems. Number one would be to separate the air traffic organization from the safety regulators, so that an innovative culture can develop in what would then become the corporatized provider. Number two, shift to direct charging to develop a customer-provider nexus. In other words, serve the customers who are paying the bills. User pay means user say, as they say in Canada. And, third, shift the governance from numerous overseers in Government--Congress and many agencies, including OMB , et cetera--and shift it to a core group of knowledgeable aviation stakeholders, carefully balanced among all the different stakeholders, including those who use the system and those who make it run. The best fit for these features is the user co-op model, and the best example of that is Nav Canada.    You have two reform proposals before you today: Chairman Shuster's ATC Corporation and Ranking Member DeFazio's proposal to exempt the funding from the trust fund from sequestration and to mandate further personnel and procurement reforms. In my judgment, the Corporation plan is consistent with global best practice. It would address the funding, governance, and culture problems.    The DeFazio alternative would keep air traffic control and safety regulation in the same organization. That is problematic, because it is contrary to ICAO principles. It retains the conflict of interest between regulation and service provision, and it reinforces the identity of the ATO as a safety agency, rather than as a high-tech service business that it really is and ought to be.    There is also a major difference on funding. The Corporation would be paid by its customers, like a utility, which again would focus its attention on serving those customers. The DeFazio plan would retain funding from taxes, which means all the oversight to protect taxpayers' money would have to remain. And that is the biggest part of the problem, the ``too many cooks'' problem. It would also mean it is impossible to issue revenue bonds like airports can do.    I am also dubious about further mandates for procurement and personnel reform. We know previous reforms like that have failed, but we have seen transformation in country after country that have converted ATC systems to corporate forms. I would rather go with what has been shown to work than what has been shown to fail.    To sum up, the ATC Corporation proposal is based on global best practices. Arm's-length safety regulation is a precondition for developing the kind of innovative technology culture that our system needs to have to go forward and retain its status as the best in the world. Self-funding would free the company from budget constraints and allow it to issue revenue bonds as airports do.    In reaching this conclusion--last point--I am most impressed by the findings of aviation professionals who know the system better than you or I know it. That includes the controller's union, obviously, represented by Paul Rinaldi here today. But it also includes all three people who served as chief operating officers of the ATO. Each of them tried very hard and very diligently to run the ATO as a business, and concluded that it was simply not possible, given the institutional constraints of being trapped inside a large tax-funded bureaucracy. I take their judgment very seriously, and I hope you will, also. Thank you very much.    Mr. Poole. Well, I think the cost should--the unit cost should come down. There are--we know there are economies of scale in air traffic control. The larger the number of transactions, the more you can spread fixed costs over a larger number of customers. So, we should have the lowest unit costs of any air traffic system in the world. We don't. We have a decent level of productivity. But Nav Canada, with one-ninth the number of transactions, has a lower unit cost than we do.    And so, that suggests to me there is large potential for cost savings for a more efficient and productive system--new technology is really the key to that, but it also depends on an organizational culture that says we want to do what is best for our customers. That means that we are going to do the service at the lowest cost possible, given adequate safety improvements. You know, safety should only get better. It should definitely not get worse.    But if your goal is to serve the customers in the most cost-effective way, now that would drive reflection of how you use technology to get the most bang for the buck.    Mr. Poole. Absolutely, and that is true globally, as you mentioned in your opening comments. The satellite-based ADS-B is going to mean we can have radar-like separation over all of the world's oceans, where it is impossible to have radar, and that means more flight tracks closer together safely, so that planes can fly at the optimum altitudes, and so forth.    Mr. Poole. Yes, and I think that the Secretary is going to appoint such people.    Mr. Poole. No, but I think----    Mr. Poole. That is an airline----    Mr. Poole. I don't think so, because I think that is an airport question----    Mr. Poole. Yes.    Mr. Poole. No.    Mr. Poole. No, no, no----    Mr. Poole. The customers would have to pay more.    Mr. Poole. Essentially, yes. I mean we have paper flight strips and----    Mr. Poole. We are not leading it today, for example, in space-based----    Mr. Poole . ADS-B and in DataComm.    Mr. Poole. Actually, I just--I have written about the subject, and even I was shocked today to hear what he said about the date for electronic flight strips. I didn't realize--I knew that there was work going on, but I didn't realize it was going to be 2025. That is pathetic.    Mr. Poole. Right.    Mr. Poole. Sure.    Mr. Poole. I have not. I am aware that this subject has come up in every single country that has corporatized their air traffic control. And in some--the solutions vary. Some of them have had civilian controllers take over for the Department of Defense controllers, but with still having interfaces, obviously, on policy and operations with the defense agency. Others have had, basically, co-training to make the two parts work together a little more smoothly.    But, I mean, there is an annual conference on civil-military air traffic control that is sponsored by ATCA, the Air Traffic Control Association, and it was here last November, across the river in Maryland.    Mr. Poole. So this is a subject that everyone in air traffic control knows a whole lot about, and is continually monitoring. It is a subject that every country that is corporatized has had to deal with. But I have not studied it in any----    Mr. Poole. It is probably so, given the size of our country and the size of our defense budget, yes.    Mr. Poole. Well, my suggestion would be that, as with existing contracts, both internal contracts with employees, and external contracts with suppliers and so forth, all of those would remain in force. You don't just disrupt those at the time of transition. They would remain in force and then, over time, once the Corporation is up and running, they could be reviewed and evaluated and, you know, discussed: Do they still make as much sense as they did when the FAA was running the system?    Mr. Poole. Sure, sure.    Mr. Poole. It is a factor, but it is not the primary purpose, right.    Mr. Poole. Well, one example is the primary radars, which----    Mr. Poole. That is, in effect, a joint operation between FAA and the DOD. And the primary radars need to be retained for defense purposes, defense and homeland security purposes, regardless of whether they are still cost effective for air traffic control. So there is a situation which--that relationship will remain in some form.    I agree, details definitely are going to need to be worked out on this, and that is why you have a several-year transition period before the Corporation would be in full operation and full control of a system.    Mr. Poole. Well, every other country that has implemented a corporatized air traffic system has thought about and worked out the relationships. And this is just not something that I have--you know, there are a lot of subjects in my portfolio, and this is just not one that I have gotten into in detail. But I know that it has been dealt with and is being dealt with all over the world.    Mr. Poole. Yes, it certainly----    Mr. Poole. It is their turf also, definitely.    Mr. Poole. Yes, I do.    Mr. Poole. No.    Mr. Poole. Well, because it is mine, and I paid for it.    Mr. Poole. Well, those--the general taxpayers did not pay for this. Aviation taxpayers paid for it through aviation excise taxes, so----    Mr. Poole. Well, the problem with that--I mean there is a practical problem, in that if you say--put some arbitrary value--let's say--call it $10 billion. If you put that into the cost base of a system that is going to be supported by fees and charges paid by airlines, that gets incorporated into the cost of operation----    Mr. Poole. Why would you do that? Why would you make it----    Mr. Poole. Well, let me answer that. I object strenuously to characterizing this as giving taxing authority. A tax is something only Government can do, and I agree with Mr. Bolen on that point. But let me give you the example.    The Government owns a utility called the Tennessee Valley Authority. It sends electric bills every month to its customers for the services that they purchase. Similarly, an air traffic--a federally chartered nonprofit air traffic Corporation would send bills to its customers for the services that they deliver to it. That is a charge, just like an electric utility bill. It is not a tax in any way, shape, or form, legally or in any commonsense interpretation.    So, I think this is really distorting the reality of what is proposed here. It is proposing to create a nonprofit utility, not a taxing agency.    Mr. Poole. Well, one of the most important is data link, controller-pilot data link, which substitutes electronic digital information about changes in altitude and things like that for voice transmissions. Voice transmissions are subject to errors, mishearing, static on the line, and so forth. It is a safety problem in some respects. It is also--it slows things down if they have to repeat the communication because of interference, and so forth. So that is another big one that is already operational, nationwide, in Canada, and has been for a couple of years.    Nationwide, data link in this country is probably the early 2000s, at best--2019 is the starting point, as I believe. Is that right, Paul?    Mr. Poole. So typically, it takes years to roll this out to all the facilities. So that is another--that is a good example.    The chairman mentioned earlier--I am not sure if you were here then. Nav Canada is the lead investor with Iridium Corporation in developing global satellite-based ADS-B, which provides radar-like separation in oceanic and polar airspace, where currently, for the most part, you have huge boundaries around how far apart--how close flight tracks can be, and the altitude separation, and so forth, because of the inaccuracy of knowing exactly where the planes are in real time.    With ADS-B over the oceans, thanks to satellites, it is just as if they were over land, and you can space flight tracks close together, people can get the optimum altitudes for minimum fuel burn, and things like that.    Mr. Poole. Huge benefit.    Mr. Poole. That will be available to anybody who equips their plane to have ADS-B, which is required by 2020 in this country. So, yes, it would be available to all GA, as well.    Mr. Poole. Well, I mean, the difference is you are going to have an organization dedicated to providing the aviation customers with the best cost-effective technology as soon as possible. And it will have its own private-sector kind of procurement system, not Government procurement methodology, not the kind of long, cumbersome process that leads--by the time a new system gets implemented into the field after these long, long procurement periods under the current regime, a lot of the technology is already obsolete.    You need to have a system developed where you have continuous incremental improvements to take advantage of rapidly changing technology in all of these areas. And the FAA is incapable, it appears, to have that kind of a system because of their long, cumbersome, bureaucratic processes.    Mr. Poole. Yes.    Mr. Poole. My understanding is it is those who pay the bills. And those who pay the bills would be airlines and anybody else that is a commercial operator, not----    Mr. Poole. I drive an Infiniti G37.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Whoa. I was trying to decide if I was going to ask you for your car, as well, and that is definitely an upgrade from mine. That informs my decision.    No, but seriously, going back to the gentleman from Massachusetts' line of questioning earlier, he asked about if you would give him your car. But in reality, under this legislation, the car--there is not an ask of Congress to effectively just hand over your car without any type of----    Mr. Poole. No.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana . I guess, continued service. And this--perhaps a comparison would be something more along the lines of you are giving access to your car to someone else, but they are continuing to provide you with car service, effectively. And the idea is that they will do a better job maintaining your vehicle than you are doing. Is that----    Mr. Poole. That is a reasonable analogy, certainly, yes.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. OK, great, thank you. Look, I got to be honest. The whole paper strip idea is very, very concerning. It really is. I mean what happens if I drop one in between the desks? What happens there?    Mr. Rinaldi, I certainly appreciate your comments and commend you and your organization for the great and safe air service we have, but it is important for us to recognize we can't rest on our laurels, that we need to continue to innovate, we need to continue to make sure that we improve upon safety, we improve upon our records.    And I do have strong concerns about the current service that we have, in terms of the billions of dollars that have been spent upgrading to--attempting to upgrade to NextGen without actually seeing the results. I think the ranking member used to refer to it as NeverGen at one point, and there are fundamental concerns there.    Mr. Poole, would you be willing to give Government control over your personal finances, yes or no?    Mr. Poole. No, I certainly would not.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. All right, thank you. I mean the point is I have been here about a year, and I am not sure that I have seen many things that the Federal Government actually does really well. And there are models out there where you see significant improvements.    Mr. Poole, some of the meetings I have had, general aviation has raised concerns about shifting costs over to the general aviation community. But under the bill it seems that, unless they cross over into a profit or commercial-type activity, they are largely held harmless. Is that accurate?    Mr. Poole. That is correct. I mean the distinction that is drawn in the bill is between commercial and noncommercial. And commercial has historically been defined in U.S. aviation law and practice as selling services to passengers.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. OK.    Mr. Poole. So Exxon Mobil's Gulfstream is defined as noncommercial because they are not selling the service to anybody, they are simply using it themselves.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. OK.    Mr. Poole. And, in my view, Exxon Mobil should pay a user fee if they are going to fly their Gulfstream in U.S. airspace, but that is not the way the bill is written, so----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. I know the--I am not real sure who to direct this to, but Louisiana, where I am from, we are susceptible to hurricanes and disasters, and things along those lines. Can someone help me understand? If we have a situation like we have had in the past, where a hurricane comes through and you destroy a tower, who in that case would be responsible for the rebuilding and restoration of that facility?    Mr. Poole. Well, it certainly would be the Corporation. That would be part of its capital budget.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. So there would be no expectation that taxpayers would come in and----    Mr. Poole. No, not at all, no.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana . Kick in to cover that?    Mr. Poole. That is part of the point.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. OK. Mr. Calio, could you address oversight issues? And I will tell you it is a strong concern of mine that Congress continue to have a role in oversight, considering that this is a Federal asset. And, obviously, strong public interest there. Can you share a perspective on how you expect this committee and others to conduct our oversight responsibilities under this legislation?    Mr. Poole. The answer--it is clearly spelled out in the legislation that they can dispose of assets considered to be surplus to the business purpose of air traffic control. But they are required to--I mean, since it is a nonprofit Corporation, the proceeds from those assets would go toward new capital expenditures, modernization, facility consolidation, and this sort of thing. It is not like they would be putting it in their pockets and walking away with it.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Poole. It is not called out that way in the legislation, but there are two public interest representatives to be appointed by the Secretary of Transportation. So those, I would presume, would be intended to represent----    Mr. Poole. Have to ask the----    Mr. Poole. That is a very good question----    Mr. Poole. I don't know the answer to that.    Mr. Poole. No, I think the key factor in creating a stakeholder board is to try to balance the stakeholders, so that you don't have any one stakeholder group that can really dominate the process.    My judgment is that the draft--what is in the bill now looks like a good attempt. It is maybe not perfect. Maybe it can be fine-tuned. But you have different categories of customers who are getting services--you know, general and business aviation and airlines. You have the people who are making the system work----    Mr. Poole. Right.    Mr. Poole. It would. But let me make a point, though, that the people who are going to be on the board nominated by airlines are not going to be airline employees, they are not going to be A4A employees. They are going to be distinguished citizens that they have confidence in----    Mr. Poole. Well, no. But the legislation, as drafted, says their fiduciary duty is to the air traffic--ATC Corporation, which is the same principle that has worked for 20 years in Canada. And that is legally enforceable, that is a--you know, the fiduciary duty is to the air traffic Corporation, not to the entities that they are nominated by.    Mr. Poole. Yes----    Mr. Poole. That is a very important----    Mr. Poole. Yes.    Mr. Poole. I think the empirical record shows that safety has improved in most countries that have done this. The rate of losses of separation, you know, the standards of how far apart they have to be, in Canada has improved by half in the time--you know, it is half what it was 20 years ago, when they started. That is a pretty good track record on safety.    Mr. Poole. I can tell you that, as I said earlier, there is a large potential for costs coming down because of the economies of scale inherent in air traffic control, and the ability to focus more on running the thing as a business.    Now, whether airlines will pass along cost savings that accrue to them in terms of tickets, that I cannot answer. You would have to ask airlines that question.    Mr. Poole. But the good news here is that this is not a science experiment, because we have 50 or 60, depending on how you want to count it--or 80 countries that have shifted this outside of the transport agency, put the ATC system at arm's length from the safety regulator, and it is working very well. And we are seeing cost savings, we are seeing no negative impact on savings. And, in many cases, improvements in safety.    So, I mean, it is--nobody can say you do X and you absolutely get Y. But we have empirical----    Mr. Poole. We have empirical data, and lots of it. So, I mean, I am pretty confident this is going to be a very big step in the right direction.    Mr. Poole. Well, it is false in the terms of the way this bill is written, because there are no user fees for general aviation, period, full stop. So that problem cannot arise. And I think airlines have their training programs--airlines that do pay fees are going to continue to do all the training they need to do, whether there are fees or not, because they know safety is their bottom line, and they----    Mr. Poole. No, because they will be doing it at GA airports, mostly likely, and they would only--I mean if the airport--if the GA airport has its own landing fee, that is entirely separate from air traffic control. So there would be no ATC charges for those individual pilots, when they are shooting touch and gos, and that sort of thing.    Mr. Poole. Well, I have looked into this in my role on dealing with aviation security, and I think it--the studies that I have seen suggest that it would be a cost-effective measure, be better than a lot of other things that the TSA is currently doing or mandating. A one-time cost that would be analogous to the one-time cost only of the reinforced main doors, as opposed to the ongoing cost of something like sky marshals, and so forth.    Mr. Poole. Well, I think the biggest part of that, in answer to the question, is the bonding authority, because when you are doing large-scale capital modernization in just about any field, the sensible thing to do is not do it out of operating cashflow, but to bond--if you have a predictable revenue stream that the markets will accept, it makes very good sense to finance those large-scale capital--just like you would not save up the cash to buy a house and deprive yourself of the benefits for a long period of time, likewise we are depriving ourselves of benefits from air traffic modernization by funding it piecemeal, dribs and drabs, on an annual appropriations basis, as opposed to large-scale revenue bond financing.    You know, you don't build a new Denver Airport out of cashflow, you do it out of revenue bonds. So the same thing with--that is really the key here, I think, is to be able to have the revenue stream not only that is reliable for operations, but that gives you the means to do long-term, large-scale financing.    Mr. Poole. I think it is a sufficient time. Most of these transitions have taken 2 to 4 years to work things out, get the fee system in place, and, you know, sort of redefine the organizational lines of business, and this sort of thing. And the transition period in the bill seems right in the mainstream of the experience in other countries.    The fact that our system is larger, I think, is completely--it is a red herring, because the system is already in place. The system is at the scale it needs to be. You are talking about a change in the management and organization of the workforce, and in how procurement programs are operated. But all the existing contracts would stay in place, you know, there would not be any kind of sharp disruption in ongoing operations or contracts.    So I think the several-year transition period in the bill is realistic.    Mr. Poole. Let me----    Mr. Poole. All right.    Mr. Poole. Yes. What I was trying to say was that I think we were just a little bit bamboozled, because the proper standard is for developed Western countries, the lowest unit cost, not for all countries in the world, because the labor costs are tiny in comparison to ours in developing countries.