    Ms. Seymour. It was with the Director. Thank you, sir.    Ms. Seymour. We have as complete an inventory as we can have, sir. That changes on a daily basis. We have run scans on our network----    Ms. Seymour. We have an inventory of all of our----    Ms. Seymour. We believe that it is complete today.    Ms. Seymour. His IG report was done in 2014. We've made significant progress in our IT program since then. We have tools on our network that scan our network for databases, so we know where those are, and we know the PII in them.    Ms. Seymour. In the March 2014 incident, the adversaries did not have access to data on our network. They did have access to some documents, and they did take some documents from the network.    Ms. Seymour. Those documents were some outdated security documents about our systems and some manuals about our systems.    Ms. Seymour. Manuals about the servers and the environment.    Ms. Seymour. It would be fair to say that that would give you enough information that you could learn about the platform, the infrastructure of our system, yes.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, they did not take----    Ms. Seymour. They took some manuals about the way that we do business. They didn't take personnel manuals. I am not--we may be not defining that the same way.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, they did.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, I do.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, at that time, they did not have access to personnel information.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, at that time, they did not have access to personnel information.    Ms. Seymour. I came on board in December of 2013, sir.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, I am.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, I did.    Ms. Seymour. I do not know the exact amount, but I believe it was about $7,000.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, ma'am, that's correct.    Ms. Seymour. The first OPM breach goes back to we discovered it in March of 2014, and the breach actually--the breach actually occurred in----    Ms. Seymour. Yes, ma'am. And the breach actually occurred, the adversary had access back to November of 2013.    Ms. Seymour. That is correct, ma'am. The second breach we discovered in April of 2015, and the date that that breach goes back to is October of 2014--I am sorry, June of 2014.    Ms. Seymour. Yeah.    Ms. Seymour. The first breach we were alerted by DHS.    Ms. Seymour. The first breach in March of 2014----    Ms. Seymour. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Seymour. OPM discovered it on its own in April of 2015. By then, we had put significant security measures in our network.    Ms. Seymour. On April 15, when we discovered the most recent breach, we reported that to US-CERT and to----    Ms. Seymour. The Computer Emergency and Readiness Team,     Ms. Seymour. We also reported it to the FBI, and then we made our FISMA-required notification to Congress as well.    Ms. Seymour. For the first breach, and again DHS notified us of that activity in our network. And so they already knew about that one. And yes, ma'am, we made notifications to Congress of that one as well.    Ms. Seymour. I am sorry, ma'am, I don't have that date in my notes. I would be happy to get you a response.    Ms. Seymour. At the first breach, there was not an awareness of that--of what the adversaries were targeting and that this may go beyond OPM. I know that our staffs, my staff, my security staff had conversations with the security staffs at the contractor organizations. I also know that the indicators of compromise that DHS had were provided to other government organizations, were put into EINSTEIN, as well as they have communications that they would normally----    Ms. Seymour. No, ma'am, these are separate incidents. So with the breach at USIS, the way that OPM does business with its contractors is different from the way other agencies may do business with both KeyPoint and with USIS. And so there were approximately 49,000, I believe it was, individuals who we notified based on the KeyPoint incident. There were other agencies who made notifications both on the USIS--based on the USIS and the KeyPoint incidents.    The 4.2 number that you are getting to, ma'am, is about the personnel records that are the incident at OPM.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, they were not.    Ms. Seymour. CyTech was engaged with OPM, and we had--we were looking at using their tool in our network. We gave them--it is my understanding that we gave them some information to demonstrate whether their tool would find information on our network, and that--in doing so, they did indeed find those indicators on our network.    Ms. Seymour. Here is what I understand, sir. OPM discovered this activity on its own.    Ms. Seymour. I will be happy to answer your question, sir. I am trying to explain to you how CyTech had access. OPM discovered the breach, and we were doing market research, and we were also--we had purchased some licenses for CyTech's tool. We wanted to see if that tool set would also discover what we had already discovered. So, yes, they put their tools on our network, and yes, they found that information as well.    Ms. Seymour. We do a lot of research before we decide on what tools we are going to buy for our network.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir. We had latent malware on our system that we were watching that we had quarantined.    Ms. Seymour. That is correct.    Ms. Seymour. OPM does not account for attribution or the purpose to which this data would be used.    Ms. Seymour. Our goal was to be able to notify individuals as quickly as possible. And so we worked with the GSA schedule. We contacted schedule holders. We also put it on FedBizOpps for other opportunities. We received quotes from both schedule holders as well as nonschedule holders. And so our goal was to make sure that we could notify individuals as quickly as possible.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, I don't. But I don't think that we--I certainly don't think that we immediately notified our contractors of a breach to our network because at that time we did not have any question as to whether it was affecting them. It was to our network at that time.    Ms. Seymour. I believe that that's accurate, sir.    Ms. Seymour. We worked with DHS and partners to understand the potential compromise to our system so that we could----    Ms. Seymour. No, sir.    Ms. Seymour. At that time, we were still investigating what had happened in our network.    Ms. Seymour. Without undue delay.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, we did not.    Ms. Seymour. I have not read that regulation, sir.    Ms. Seymour. I can't answer that question.    Ms. Seymour. I will take that back and get you----    Ms. Seymour. I believe--I would take it back to my staff to see if we have processes in place that----    Ms. Seymour. We have processes in place for making notifications when we find these things.    Ms. Seymour. I would have to read that regulation, sir. I am not familiar with it.    Ms. Seymour. I would be happy to read it. I would like to read the full context of it.    Ms. Seymour. I would want to read the context and----    Ms. Seymour. I have read most of the parts of the contract, sir.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir.    Ms. Seymour. I don't believe that they're conflicting, sir.    In the first incident, the old technology thwarted the actor because they did not know what they were doing in that environment. We immediately put in place a plan to provide better security----    Ms. Seymour. No, sir. I said we----    Ms. Seymour. --immediately put in place a plan so that we could improve the security posture. What we did was we moved to build a new architecture where we could put in additional security controls.    We also, at the very same time, put security controls in our current environment.    Ms. Seymour. We did not wait.    Ms. Seymour. Sir, we didn't wait----    Ms. Seymour. --from the day that I came on board.    Ms. Seymour. Encryption is not a panacea because of----    Ms. Seymour. So I'm going to--I'm trying to explain the situation to you.    Our databases are very, very large. Our applications are not always able to work properly and encrypt and decrypt that data. So what we have done----    Ms. Seymour. Well----    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir.    Ms. Seymour. It's not a resource issue. It's whether our applications are built so that they can--so that----    Ms. Seymour. --the encryptions can be done.    Ms. Seymour. We have purchased the toolset, sir, and we are in the process of encrypting pieces of our databases, as opposed to the entire database. We are trying to focus on the sensitive information. That allows----    Ms. Seymour. --our applications to run in an operable manner.    Ms. Seymour. I do, sir.    Ms. Seymour. I came on board, and I recognized these issues. And I worked with Director Archuleta to put in place a plan----    Ms. Seymour. --that would improve OPM's security posture.    Ms. Seymour. At the end of 2013, yes, sir.    Ms. Seymour. The tool----    Ms. Seymour. June of 2014.    Ms. Seymour. Uh-huh.    Ms. Seymour. We have a couple of databases that are encrypted already, and we are----    Ms. Seymour. Sir, we have numerous databases.    Ms. Seymour. And so it takes time, and it takes resources, and we have to test before we can just----    Ms. Seymour. Our contracting officer made the selection on the contract, sir.    Ms. Seymour. I did evaluate both the technical and the cost proposals for----    Ms. Seymour. I had resumes for the people--or for the key personnel that they provided in the proposal.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, I'm not.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, I don't.    Ms. Seymour. I would have to go back and look at exactly when we released the RFQ. But I believe it--and I don't want to misspeak. So let me go back and find out when exactly we released the RFQ and exactly when we awarded the contract. I don't have that data with me.    Ms. Seymour. I think it was about in that timeframe, sir.    Ms. Seymour. The contract is about $21 million for the services that we're providing for credit monitoring, notification, and the identity theft insurance.    Ms. Seymour. We wanted to----    Ms. Seymour. We received a number of proposals, and we evaluated them based on the government's needs, several requirements that we had put in the RFQ that the companies responded to. And we evaluated all of those proposals that we received against that criteria, and Winvale provided the best value to the government based on those requirements.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir.    Ms. Seymour. I don't ever believe that I have the skill set to do something this large. And that's why I employ people who have a broader skill set or a different skill set than me in various areas. I don't have all the technical skills that I would need to do something like this. It takes a team.    Ms. Seymour. I have overseen some very large projects, sir, both in my past employment with Department of Defense as well as the Department of Transportation. Systems that were certainly enterprisewide and served large populations of people like OPM.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, sizewise similar.    Ms. Seymour. Some of them took--some of them were much faster than others. You know, it depended on when I came into them. Some of them were delivered within a year, and some of them took years, multiple years to deliver. I think sometimes the way that we're changing the way that we deliver IT solutions now, we're trying to be much more agile. And so we're trying to find what we call a minimal viable product. We are trying to find segments of capability that we can deliver in shorter term. So we are trying to deliver, you know, capability within 6 months, 6-month segments, and then build on that to get to a whole system.    Ms. Seymour. When we started the project, sir, we kind of divided it into two pieces so that we could understand it. The first we called our tactical phase, which was shoring up the network that we have today. And we have put a great number of security tools into our current network. And that's what allowed us to find this adversarial activity this year.    The second piece of this was building the shell. And we estimated that it would take us approximately a year to be able to deliver that. That project is on schedule, and it is on budget. And we will be delivering the shell environment this fall.    The next phase is migration. And we have recognized from the very beginning that we did not have a full enough scope, certainly not from my tenure on board back to June of 2014, that I have enough scope or understanding of exactly the OPM--the full OPM environment to be able to assess what it was going to take to do that migration. And so that's why we only contracted for the first two pieces. And we said as we worked through this project, to understand it, we will be able to better estimate and understand what needs to move into that shell. But we knew from the beginning that there were some systems that were very old, that are about 30 years old, that we were going to have to migrate into that shell. So we focused on those first.    Ms. Seymour. I am not aware of a requirement, and I certainly could be corrected, but I am not aware of a requirement to notify the IG of every project that we take on. Certainly we included in our budget request for 2016, we talked through this project and documented it in that arena. We also discussed on a couple of occasions with the IG this project because they have an interconnection with our network. And some of their systems, we actually host some of their systems. And so they have to come along with us in this project if we are going to continue to provide those services.    Ms. Seymour. Sir, it's just based on my experience that if I am--no, sir, I would not normally advise the IG of a project that we are doing. That doesn't mean I am holding the information from them. But I also do know that we discussed with the IG on a number of occasions the fact that we were taking on this project and that they needed to modernize their systems and upgrade their systems to be able to meet the security requirements for this project.    Ms. Seymour. Not that I am aware of, sir.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, not that I am aware of. I got key personnel resumes in the proposals.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir. I have no recollection of them.    Ms. Seymour. I am sorry, I didn't realize that was my question. I apologize. Am I aware of any----    Ms. Seymour. Not that I am aware of, sir.    Ms. Seymour. Sir, I am aware of two of our--two Federal employees who have ties to foreign countries. They are U.S. citizens, and they work on our programs.    Ms. Seymour. Winvale's proposal included the fact that it had work--that it was subcontracting or partnering with CSID on it.    Ms. Seymour. It did not include the board. We used past performance, and there are other systems that the contracting officer uses to research a firm to make sure that they are qualified to do work with the Federal Government.    Ms. Seymour. Not to my knowledge, sir.    Ms. Seymour. I do not believe I know anyone that's working for those firms.    Ms. Seymour. We did consult with GSA and the GSA schedule on this. There were some requirements that we wanted to include in our contract that were not available on the GSA schedule.    Ms. Seymour. D duplication of services is one of them. What we were trying to do at OPM was to set up a contract vehicle that we could use in the future for any additional breaches, whether it's one or twosies or anything else. We wanted to set up a vehicle that would not cause us to pay or to offer the same services to affected individuals at the same time. That is not something that the GSA schedule afforded us the opportunity to do, even after we talked with the schedule holder at GSA.    Ms. Seymour. I will get back to you on that, sir.    Ms. Seymour. I know about my staff, sir.    Ms. Seymour. About 280.    Ms. Seymour. I believe it is about 50.    Ms. Seymour. We review them very frequently.    Ms. Seymour. Probably monthly. We have processes for when people come onboard and when they leave, that we remove their access privileges.    Ms. Seymour. So that's how we were able to track through and understand that our background investigations----    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir.    Ms. Seymour. So we had put the tools on our network just over the last 6 months or so to be able to see this type of activity in our network. Again, sir, when I came on board, I recognized that these systems were in need of some modernization. We put in place a plan and began to execute that immediately to put the security tools in place so that we had visibility in our network. That's what led us to understand this latent activity that went back to even prior to my arrival at OPM.    Ms. Seymour. I don't know when it was invented, sir, but yes, we are using COBOL in some of our systems at OPM.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir. We put together the plan with a very robust interagency team and had that reviewed by a number of experts.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir.    Ms. Seymour. That covers both securing our legacy architecture, the one that we have today----    Ms. Seymour. Not all of it was developed that long ago.    Ms. Seymour. So our network was designed, you know, about a decade ago. So we are trying to shore that up, provide as much security around that network as we can. That's part of what the money is going to. And then the other part of the money is going towards building a more modern and more securable network that we will transition to.    Ms. Seymour. A number of our business offices still use paper forms.    Ms. Seymour. I can't speak to what's happened before me, sir. I can tell you that when I came in and saw the state of our IT systems, I worked with Director Archuleta to put in place a plan, an aggressive plan, for migrating to more modern, more secure network and systems.    Ms. Seymour. We want to remove as much paper as we can from our environment, sir. That's one of our goals.    Ms. Seymour. I would offer, sir, that there are security concerns with paper just as well. We have, you know, violations or issues with paper as well as you leave paper around. The other issue we have with paper, sir----    Ms. Seymour. Sir, when you leave it in your office or when you are working with it. I would also offer that when we have paper, we don't have backup systems. That's a concern as well as we move forward with our automated----    Ms. Seymour. And, sir, I also said I can't tell you what has gone on before me. What I can tell you is the plan we are putting in place, we are planning to put in place an enterprise case management system. We are working towards that. That will eliminate a lot of our paper. We will modernize our systems and provide better protections around our data and our systems.    Ms. Seymour. I am sorry, sir?    Ms. Seymour. Again, sir, I cannot account for what has happened before me.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, that's correct.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir. The proposal that we got was from Winvale partnered with CSID. We knew up front that they were--they had support from CSID. It was part of their proposal package to the government.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, I did not.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, I did not.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, I did not.    Ms. Seymour. So we did due diligence on the company. There are several ways that the contracting officer validates that the company is able to do business with the government.    Ms. Seymour. I was just going to try clarify for you, sir, that for this most recent incident, it dates backs to June of 2014. The access that the adversary had dates back to June of 2014, I believe.    Ms. Seymour. These are available manuals typically for commercial IT equipment. So, yes, it would aid an adversary in understanding our platform. They did not get, you know, specific configuration diagrams of our entire environment. But these are commercially available--a lot of these are commercially available documents about platforms, computing platforms.