    Mr. Capuano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Hello, Mr. Secretary. How are you doing?    Mr. Capuano. Are you familiar with Major League Baseball?    Mr. Capuano. Are you familiar with the team called the Boston Red Sox?    Mr. Capuano. So you purport to be an expert in baseball. Mr. Secretary, can you tell me what is wrong with the Red Sox right now?    Mr. Capuano. No. Then you refuse to answer that question. I need to know, is it the pitching? Is it the fielding? Is it the hitting? Come on, Mr. Secretary, answer the question.    Mr. Capuano. I can't believe you refuse.    If you won't answer that question, can you answer me why the Republican baseball team can't seem to beat the Democrats? Come on, Mr. Secretary, answer the question. You have plenty of time.    Oh, well, okay, if you refuse to answer the question, I guess I will have to move on to some other areas. Because I just wanted to show that I guess badgering is not the exclusive realm of some of my colleagues. We can badger, too. But it doesn't produce much. So--    Mr. Capuano. Mr. Secretary, for everybody's sake, in your next FSOC report, can you put a chapter in there on debt? You have a great story to tell. I think my colleagues actually raise a good point. Debt, in theory, could be a risk to the economy, and you have a good story to tell. It would satisfy everyone, including me.    Mr. Capuano. But I--    Mr. Capuano. Yes. Just, if you do it the next time, at least you take one of their arguing points away and you make some good points.    Mr. Capuano. And I think it is a fair thing to discuss.    With that, I am going to move on to a couple of things that are not directly related to FSOC but indirectly related to it.    First of all, I would like to talk about Fannie and Freddie. Have Fannie and Freddie paid back every penny of the money that they borrowed from the American taxpayers?    Mr. Capuano. The answer is ``yes.''    Mr. Capuano. I know it is. I am asking a question I know the answer to.    And, by the way, haven't they also paid back billions upon billions of dollars above what they borrowed?    Mr. Capuano. I hope so.    Mr. Capuano. I understand that. But the money that they are paying now above and beyond the money they borrowed, where does that money go?    Mr. Capuano. I supported all that. I am not--I totally agree with everything that was done up until they paid back their loans.    Mr. Capuano. My problem is they paid it back, they are stable, they are heading in the right direction, and it is time to get back to more business as usual. Because, like everybody else, I want to keep homeowners keeping their own money, to the best of our ability. Yes, there are interest rates, and, yes, there is some risk. But their dollar-for-dollar risk--right now they are simply contributing to the Federal Reserve--to the general Treasury account, and that doesn't seem fair to me.    It strikes me that if we are going to have a general Treasury account, either we should tell people we are charging you extra because you have a service or we are increasing your taxes--neither one of which, it seems to me, is fair. But, in this case, you are charging them through their mortgage for something that is unnecessary at this point in time.    Mr. Capuano. They have done that from day one, and you weren't--    Mr. Capuano. Who denied that?    Mr. Capuano. I would respectfully and strongly disagree, and I think facts pointed out that I was right.    Mr. Capuano. I understand. But if the money were going to a separate account to sit there and build up some kind of capital reserve, I think you would have a fair argument.    Mr. Capuano. But the money going into the general Treasury doesn't bear up, in my estimation.    Mr. Capuano. Number one, they deserve their money back now that they are stable. Number two, homeowners deserve lower interest rates unless they are being told what the money is used for. And right now some of their money is being used to support something other than Fannie and Freddie. So I guess we will have to disagree on that.    And I guess with the last few seconds, I wanted to follow up with something that I brought up with Mr. McRaith, who I think is also doing a great job. However, it strikes me that FIO and possibly FSOC is pursuing a backdoor way to take over regulation of U.S. insurance companies via international agreement.    Now, that may be a little overstatement, and I am not a ``black helicopter'' guy, I kind of overstated it to make the point. But it certainly strikes me that some of the agreements we are about to make with some our international friends may be pushing a little too far.    With that, I will have to yield back.