    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I am glad I got to follow my colleague, Ms. Frankel. You know, 9 years with the Corps of Engineers is like a 100-yard dash.    Mr. Davis. So that is pretty good. Try representing the Mississippi River, where we have multiple levees and multiple State issues. And some of the concerns that you brought up, you know, about there seems to be a race sometimes between FEMA and the Corps of Engineers to figure out what is going to cost constituents more. Levees need to be upgraded and our locals are making the investments to upgrade those levees.    And at the same time, like in my State of Illinois, we are in a different region than Missouri is. So the different regions have different priorities as to where they are going to update their flood maps, you know, geographically, first. To me it would seem more--it would seem like it would be a commonsense approach to update those via regional capacities, like along the river, along the populated areas, versus rural areas. And that is something I know we have discussed with your office.    I do want to get to mitigation. And Mr. Grimm, would you agree that States like Illinois have invested in mitigation, you know, post-1993 and in 1995 floods, you know, we have moved towns completely off of the flood plain, into higher ground, because we don't want to have those liabilities during future flood events.    Mr. Davis. Well, thank you. I will even take the term ``progressive'' today as a compliment.    Mr. Davis. We--Illinois has removed flood-prone properties, thus costing the taxpayers less in future flood events. But we are a State, too, that is punished because of our population, and where our center is, in the northeast corner of the State. So when we have disaster declarations, where most of the disasters hit in Illinois, they are in rural areas and we don't meet the threshold.    Now, other States that don't have the same problem, would you agree that they may not be incentivized to participate in the mitigation program as much and invest as much in mitigation or participate in hazard mitigation?    Mr. Davis. So States--smaller States that don't have a higher threshold to meet to have a disaster declared each and every time a disaster occurs, regardless of whether it is in an urban or rural area of their State, are they, under the current program, less incentivized to invest in mitigation because they are going to be awarded a disaster declaration, whereas States like Illinois, high population, one part of the State, we don't get declared. We are not--we don't have access to those resources in a disaster declaration that States surrounding us do, even in the same disaster.    So, we have invested more on the front end, on the mitigation side. To me it seems there is no incentive for smaller States, less populous States, a lower threshold, there is no incentive, in my opinion, to invest the dollars in mitigation.    And I would--so that is my question to you. Do you believe that is true?    Mr. Davis. But the States have to invest, locals have to invest. They have to take the time to do it. And it seems to me that, the way the current FEMA formula exists for disaster declarations, it disincentivizes them from investing long term like States like Illinois are forced to do.    Mr. Davis. That is----    Mr. Davis. That is great. And I have got another question, so let me reclaim my time.    But I would urge you, in the next flood on the Mississippi River--and there will be one--take a helicopter ride down the river. Look left in Illinois, and look at the--you know, the limited damage because of mitigation, and then look right, and you will see whole towns flooded, still. So there is a lack of incentive, I still believe that.    Now, are you--does the mitigation division run the LOMA process?    Mr. Davis. OK.    Mr. Davis. Yes. It is the process that my homeowners have to follow when FEMA, the new map, declares their house or property in the flood plain.    What is the average time it takes for a LOMA request to be decided by FEMA right now?    Mr. Davis. OK, because we have a problem with updated maps that are not accurate right now. And I think there needs to be a better, more succinct process in place that costs taxpayers less.    Sure, we want an appeal process, but I just don't necessarily think the LOMA process is as efficient as it could be, and I hope you take that message back. And I have run out of----