    Mr. Mirzakhalili. Thank you very much. Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the subcommittee, my name is Ali Mirzakhalili and I serve as Delaware's Director of Air Quality. Thank you for the opportunity to testify on H.R. 4775, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016.    Since the Clean Air Act was last amended over 25 years ago, it has prevented literally hundreds of thousands of premature deaths as well as averted millions of incidents of morbidity including, for example, heart disease, chronic bronchitis and asthma.    The health benefits associated with this landmark legislation have far outweighed the costs of reducing pollution by more than 30 to 1.    Moreover, we have acquired these health benefits over the same period as our Nation's gross domestic product has grown. It is fair to say that the Clean Air Act has not only been one of our Nation's most effective environmental statute, it will likely go down in history as one of the most effective domestic laws ever passed.    Accordingly, it is imperative that consideration of any significant amendment to the act be deliberate and thoughtful and ensure that fundamental tenets of the legislation, which is protection of public health and welfare, remain intact.    Unfortunately, after reviewing H.R. 4775, Delaware has concluded that it cannot support this bill. I believe the bill substantially weakens the existing Clean Air Act by delaying important deadlines and considerably altering the process of setting health-based national ambient air quality standards.    One of my primary concerns with H.R. 4775 is Section 3(b), which would revise the criteria in the act for establishing health-based NAAQS by allowing the consideration of technological feasibility in determining the level of the standard.    I believe this provision could unravel the entire framework of the Clean Air Act. Congress and the courts, including the United States Supreme Court, have been very clear over the past several decades on the issue of setting the NAAQS, requiring the EPA to set these standards solely on the basis of health so that communities will know whether or not the air they are breathing is safe.    Costs and other factors such as technological feasibility have never been allowed to be considered in these critically important decisions. Once the health-based standards are set, the act appropriately allows cost and other factors including technological feasibilities to be considered as States develop implementation strategies to meet the standard.    By removing this important firewall, separating the setting of the standards from their implementation, the public will never know what level of air quality is truly safe.    Imagine an oncologist discovering through the best medical tests that her patient has cancer, but because the treatment is not feasible she tells the patient he simply has a bad case of flu.    The diagnosis is not dependent on the feasibility of the treatment. I am also very troubled by Section 2 of the bill, which would delay deadlines for implementation of 2015 ozone standard by up to 8 years.    Arbitrarily extending the compliance deadlines would leave the old, outdated and unprotective standard in effect, resulting each year in hundreds of premature deaths on top of many thousands of morbidity and related impacts.    To make matters worse, Section 3(a) would permanently lengthen the NAAQS review cycle from 5 to 10 years, bar EPA from completing any review of those standards before October 26 of 2025.    I am concerned with Section 3(d) of H.R. 4775, which appears to reward the regulative community with no consideration of health of our citizens for EPA delays in publishing important guidelines.    The bill would allow industries to meet preconstruction permit requirements based upon an outdated standard if EPA were unable or unwilling publish its rules and guidance at the time--at the same time it promulgates its health-based standard.    One way for Congress to overcome these delays is to ensure that EPA has sufficient resources to do its job. The provisions of Section 3(f) and (g) of the bill are also troubling because they would weaken the progress requirement of the Clean Air Act by allowing States under the guise of economic feasibility and technological achievability to circumvent these important requirements.    It will seriously interfere with Delaware's and other downwind States' ability to provide our citizens with clean air.    In Delaware, we are meeting all of our deadlines and taking our responsibilities seriously. We fully expect the same from others.    In conclusion, the proposed legislation would undercut requirements of the Clean Air Act that are crucial to obtaining healthy air quality as expeditiously as practicable.    Further, the proposed amendments would wholly change the thrust of the Clean Air Act from expeditious protection of public health to one of delay.    Delaware supports efficient and expeditious implementation of NAAQS. H.R. 4775 bill, however, would weaken and delay public health protection. My State, therefore, must oppose this bill.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify and I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Rush. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mirzakhalili, as I referred to in my opening statement, the ozone standards have not been updated since 2008. H.R. 4775 would further delay any new standards from being implemented for up to another 8 years.    Are there any health implications that would be impacted if this bill were to become law and we waited for a period of almost 16 years before updating these standards?    Mr. Mirzakhalili. Thank you, Mr. Rush. Obviously, the sequence of events that takes place by setting the standard--when the standard is set, the designations take place, the States begin taking action to reduce their emissions.    We depend on our upwind State emissions reductions to help us achieve attainment. If they are not designated, if they are not implementing measures to reach attainment, we are not going to--as a downwind State, we are not going to see the benefit.    Moreover, the standard--we are telling the people probably an untruth saying that standard--they are being protected by the ozone standards. We issue forecasts. We issue air quality alerts.    We issue advisories based on the standard. If the standard is not protective, the forecast obligation is not going to tell people the whole story.    Mr. Rush. What are the implications, Mr. Mirzakhalili--what would the implications be if we were to extend the renew period for all air pollutant standards from every 5 years to 10 years?    For instance, there is a concern that new developments in scientific research in regards to health impacts may occur more frequently than every decade.    Also, just because the EPA is required to review the data every 5 years does not mean that the agency must automatically update the standards every 5 years.    Do you have any comments on----    Mr. Mirzakhalili. Absolutely. The 5-year review--we need to follow science. The decision regarding the standards should be science-driven.    As everybody here on the panel has talked about, we need additional information. We need to do research and we need to be informed by that--by the research.    We can't just arbitrarily prohibit and prevent EPA to lengthen the time that they go back and revisit the standard to some period of time because it is not convenient.    I think 5 years has been a good timer and tied with--if we want an alignment with implementation your marginal areas have to come in with 3 years of the standard.    So if you are going to--one could argue that there should be a 3-year review of the standard as opposed to a 5-year. As the new science becomes available, EPA doesn't have to, and they have a number of occasions, not changed the standard.    They have reviewed it, said science doesn't indicate that we need to change the standards and they have moved on. That's the case with carbon monoxide. That is the case with the last time there was a motion for reconsideration of the 75 standard.    We are not happy with 70 ppb. I don't think it was--you know, I would have been happier with a lower standard. We think that some of the science indicated that 65 would have been a more protective standard.    However, EPA followed the science advisory committee's recommendation and adopted that. And so we are trying to implement that. They should not be barred from implementation. There should not be a provision that would delay the review of available scientific data that will come before it.    Mr. Rush. H.R. 4775 would also change the reporting requirements for States by allowing them to claim, quote, exceptional events, end of quote.    Can you discuss the practical implications of changing air quality monitoring protocols in ways that could lead to under reporting of poor air quality conditions and how this might impact mostly health and environmental conditions for an affected community?    Mr. Mirzakhalili. I just go back to what triggered the--prompted the Clean Air Act and us, the Congress, acting on adopting clean air measures. The northern Pennsylvania event was an exceptional event. It killed people. We had a bad inversion that caused a high air quality event and a number of people died as a result of air pollution.    Just because meteorology is adverse it doesn't mean air pollution doesn't occur and you should be dismissed. The language that is being proposed here it opens the door that we say if there is a hot day we don't--it doesn't count. An inversion doesn't count.    So we are reduced to managing air quality on good days and I don't think that's the way you intend us to do.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. Certainly. Thank you, Congressman.    Right now, the policy--as exceptional events come into play when we look at the air quality and see what--whether or not the violator attained the standard or met the standard and that is the communication that we make back to our community.    During certain events--you know, Canadian wildfires, for instance, contributed--caused a problem for certain areas in our region--we were able to go back, make the case those are exceptional events and eliminate those--reading those air quality data points from our overall assessment of air quality and attainment/nonattainment.    So to go back and say well, and that is very limited--EPA works on it. They have--they're working on the guidance. There was just recently a meeting where they brought up and trying to address Mr. Sadredin's and others' issues regarding, you know, what should or should not be exceptional events.    But I think what this proposed language does, it creates a big gaping road for inversions, fires, having hot days and those are not supposed to be considered exceptional events. We are supposed to protect the public from----    Mr. Mirzakhalili. Well, ozone is formed during the hot days and require hot days to create ozone. It's a secondary pollutant. You need VOC and NOx in the presence of sunlight and hot temperatures.    So if you take out days we eliminate hot ozone days. So we can--we can declare victory that way and before that we have met the standard whereas we are not meeting the standard.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. Absolutely. Like I mentioned, if the trigger for controls is by designation on air quality, nonattainment areas usually have to implement more requirements, and to the extent that they are not part of the planning, if they manage--if the open area manages to exclude their poor air quality that is based on exceptional events they will not be required to implement the reduction strategies that would then directly benefit the downwind areas such as ours and your State, obviously.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. It certainly would create a confusion and mixed messages to the public. You know, we provide access to air quality data to the public.    Our monitoring stations are--you know, you can go online to our Web site and get near real-time air quality data and they will see it is measuring, you know, above the standard and yet we are saying well, that this doesn't count.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. That is what I get, and that is why we are not supporting it. I believe there are instances that are truly exceptional events that EPA already considers.    But to open it up to the extent that is being proposed is not warranted.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. Absolutely not. I copy their programs quite often. I go through----    Mr. Mirzakhalili. What I said was----    Mr. Mirzakhalili. I said that in setting the health--air quality standard should be independent of technological feasibility because so the science indicates----    Mr. Mirzakhalili. Certainly. Our struggle with ozone are--is mainly I attribute to emissions that are outside of our jurisdiction and are transport related.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. What we have--we have been struggling with EPA trying to get them to actually expand in nonattainment areas. That was a case that we delegated with EPA, saying that more areas outside of Delaware should be designated because they contribute to our nonattainment.    As nonattainment be subject to the requirements of--that we are subject to to get--put the emissions reductions in place in order for us to attain.    We are not successful in that effort but by delaying the standards, by not implementing the reductions Mr. Sadredin's problems aren't going to go away and if the emissions reductions don't take place in upwind areas our problems aren't going to go away. In order to solve air pollution we need to reduce air pollution.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. I am sorry. Could you repeat that?    Mr. Mirzakhalili. Absolutely. There was a wealth of additional studies. I don't recall the exact number of additional studies that were a part of the record of the decision.    But CASAC considered all of those and there are--we are getting at additional studies coming out every day. Right now, a new study that came out tying air pollution to preterm, for instance.    It is--need to be considered. They need to be in front of the scientific community and inform EPA of our policy decisions.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. It would certainly bar them from using it and will not--as is the agency is--can review it in a timely manner and make revisions as necessary. What lengthening the cycle would do is just set it aside until the time comes up.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. No, they do not.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. It is.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. I completely agree with your assessment.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. I completely agree. I think it is--the large number of health care community out there that also agrees with you.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. You are spot on, Congresswoman. It is why declaring those conditions which are required to create pollution as an exceptional event you are essentially barring--defining a--you must also define clean air and not--you know, whereas before was--there were exceptional events they were subject to rigorous demonstration to EPA in order to exclude them from assessing the air quality designation.    Here, we are just--it broadly opens up the definition to exactly what you suggested, which is hot days, inversions can be now included in a definition of an exceptional event. They are everyday events. They are not--they can't be considered and shouldn't be considered exceptional.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. I will be--I will be quick.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. I disagree. I think, first of all, the way EPA has addressed it, the standards of clean data determination in a lot of areas get--be designated to attain them without having to develop a maintenance plan.    So there isn't another way of getting to where the requirements don't carry over. For a maintenance plan developments if the plan is--it can, it gives you the flexibility to show that you are achieving the reductions and maintaining those reductions while mixing and matching.    We can do that under our attainment plan strategies. I can take and measure out what I have to replace it with something else that gives me that reduction so that I can--I can show that attained.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. I do not.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. Yes. No, I say it again because I think it's worth repeating that the economic affordability shouldn't be something that is used to set the standard. It is the science that should dictate what the lungs can handle, how the body responds, and we are charged with protecting the sensitive individuals and the population. The standards need to reflect that.    Now, how we manage to implement that, that's where the rubber hits the road and the economic and technological feasibility come into play.    We should not put the target where an arrow lands. That is just not the way we do things--not as a nation. That's not how we've done it and that's not how we should proceed. I understand the challenges of Mr. Sadredin's exasperation with meeting a real stubborn problem with air quality.    I understand my colleagues to my left here about their issues as well and, you know, the difficulties that Mr. Shaw--that Dr. Shaw has with the science behind this. I think it's something that's going to get litigated and debated. But that's where it should end. Science should dictate where the standard is.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. It becomes what can we afford.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. This is the health care that we can afford. This is the health protection that we can afford and let's--and where does this slippery slope end?    On the East coast we can--we like to pay more and therefore we get better protection, better standard and some localities get--they can't afford it so they get a higher standard.    How do we do this? This is--this just doesn't make sense. There has to be a standard that science indicates is going to protect the public health and that's what we should follow.    Mr. Mirzakhalili. I think the consideration for--goes to the implementation phase of it and I think it can be done administratively through how EPA implements--it does implementation rules and how us as professionals manage to meet the air quality challenges that we face.