    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just a quick observation on this--what I have heard and read in your testimony and done a little research is, this whole process of designating which vaccine we are going to come up with in September just seems archaic. In fact, it seems more of a game of chance and probability. And by virtue of us continuing this process, erroneously now with this mismatch, we have 50,000 Americans who are going to die this year. Fifty thousand Americans. That is more than died in combat in Vietnam, over a decade of that warfare. And they are going to die because of a game of chance and probability.    I am just astounded by that. I wonder what better techniques can we use to predict ahead. And that leads me then to the second question perhaps, or maybe associated with that, is that the high-dose vaccine has been found to be 24 percent more beneficial to senior citizens, and you have a meeting coming up late in February and it is not on the agenda as a possibility for September. Could one of you explain just briefly why that is not on the agenda if it has been proven to be helpful for senior citizens?    Mr. McKinley. Um-hum.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, doctor. Is----    Mr. McKinley. I want to build a little bit of background for the chairman and his chart. When it was discovered first in May, I guess it was, that--or March, there was some anomaly showing up. May, 17 percent, September, 50 percent. It was obvious there was a problem with it. So if I go back to Robinson's testimony, he said that the PCAST report recommended improving vaccine manufacturing to meet a national goal of making the first dose within 12 weeks. Now, yes, it would have taken to go to a national supply to go 6 months, which again, is a real concern about the production, and some of the techniques that we can use to reduce that--but if we could have produced a vaccine, knowing in September it was 50 percent, so September, October, November, the 1st of December, we could have had a modified drug, even if it is limited supply, that we could have tried--whether it is an antigen or a new vaccine entirely, wouldn't you have recommended let us try this and do trials, see what the result is, did we solve it, can we do this in 12 weeks and the next time? So my question: Did you do it? Did you try to do anything to modify the vaccine that was wrong?    Mr. McKinley. It is a yes or no, isn't it?    Mr. McKinley. Did you try and modify it?    Mr. McKinley. I will take your answer----    Mr. McKinley . As a no, that you didn't try and----    Mr. McKinley. Thank you. Fifty thousand Americans died.