    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate this hearing, again. As we have done a lot, it is time to get some stuff that we have done last Congress, it is time to get it again this Congress. Let us move some stuff forward. So I am hoping this will lead toward mark up and lead toward the floor, because we have had a very similar hearing to this last year. In fact, I think three of you were witnesses in the last hearing we did on this.    But I want to make it clear that I am strongly in favor of a strong antitrust enforcement to prevent anticompetitive behavior, as I think are most the Members here today.    But that said, Mr. Lipsky you mentioned in the last hearing, and we do go back and actually look at those, but it stuck with me. You said that, in some cases, the cost and duration of administrative litigation can discourage stakeholders from behavior that is actually procompetitive.    Now, I don't know if you still feel that way or not, but it did stick with me at that point.    You seem to want to make a comment. Do you still feel that way?    Mr. Collins. I think that is the interesting thing, because we don't want to do something in preventing anticompetitive behavior and get into discouraging procompetitive behavior. I believe this bill is a step in the right direction to ensure that, and I think that our antitrust laws and enforcement efforts are functioning effectively.    So I think some questions I want to follow up on, Ms. Garza, as you know, in the 2003 Antitrust Modernization Commission report, it stated that parties to a proposed merger should receive comparable treatment and face similar burdens, regardless of whether it is FTC or DOJ reviews of the merger, and highlighted that differing treatment could undermine the public trust that transactions are reviewed efficiently and fairly.    Last Congress, we discussed the importance of the process. I want to touch on that again. In your opinion, is there a real or perceived disparity in enforcement by the two agencies? And how does the process play into that disparity?    Mr. Collins. You just said something that was not in my questions, but you just made a comment that I think highlights a bigger issue that goes even beyond this hearing. It is the general perception of the public and what we do up here not only on the Capitol Hill and in Congress, but also the administrative agencies and executive branch agencies.    And what you said--I don't think you meant what I am going to talk about, but I am going to at least take up what you said--is the American public today, and whether it is with going through agencies that don't turn over emails or going through problems of budgeting, they always feel like the tie goes to the government. The tie goes to the government.    That is an interesting process here where we talk about where you said the DOJ has to prove the case. I think what we have to do, and I think this bill from my friend from Texas actually does that. But I think when we talk about this, whether it is anticompetitive or procompetitive, the government should not be in the way. This is not baseball where the tie goes to the--this should not be the tie goes to the government. It should be what is best for the American people, the very ones who put us here.    And I think, Mr. Foer, in your testimony, one of things you actually had sort of implied is they try to outshine each other, that basically I think is the way you termed that.    How do we get by that? I think that is the reason for this hearing. I think that is why this is actually a good bill.    And that is why, Mr. Chairman, I am proud to have done that.    But I think you raised a great point on that.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.