    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate you holding this hearing.    As I pointed out at a previous hearing on document productions, I strongly support the authority of our committee to obtain documents we need as part of our investigations. It is impossible for us to do our job without documents.    The executive branch agencies and outside entities have a duty to comply with our request, regardless of which party is in the majority. Documents are one essential tool we use to investigate waste, fraud, and abuse and to ensure that our government runs as effectively and efficiently as possible.    Just this past December, our committee adopted by unanimous vote a bipartisan report on the U.S. Secret Service and made key recommendations for improving the effectiveness and efficiency of that agency. That report would not have been possible without thousands of pages of documents we obtained as a part of our oversight efforts.    Our ongoing investigation into the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, is another example. Documents obtained by this committee reveal how the actions of Governor Snyder and his administration caused this disaster. That investigation is ongoing, and we received another production of documents on Friday.    So I wholeheartedly agree that documents are a critical tool for us to conduct our oversight duties and responsibilities, but we also have an obligation to use that power responsibly and avoid massive and overbroad requests that create the very waste and inefficiency we are trying to eliminate. Our document requests should focus on investigating actual waste or wrongdoing, rather than fishing for nonexistent problems or using the power of the committee for partisan attacks. We need to recognize how much work goes into responding to our requests and how many taxpayer dollars are spent.    We have an obligation to craft our requests narrowly, to seek only those documents we need to do our jobs. For example, in the case of IRS, we have now received more than 1.3 million pages of documents at a cost of tens of millions of taxpayer dollars, including a request for the emails of Lois Lerner, the ones she wrote going back to 1986. The acting Republican inspector general at the IRS has identified no evidence of political targeting, nor has the Department of Justice, nor has this committee. Still this investigation continues with no end in sight.    This is an example of what I believe is an abuse of the committee's authority. Forcing agencies to divert personnel and spend critical taxpayer dollars on baseless and overbroad document requests is counterproductive to good government because it causes the very waste and inefficiency our committee is charged with eliminating. Ironically, the cost to taxpayers by agencies to fulfill requests like these sometimes exceeds any possibility for cost savings.    Finally, let me make one last point. The invitation letters for today's hearing suggests the agencies testifying before us, quote, ``routinely fail to cooperate and have produced nothing of value in response to our request.'' That's simply not the case. For example, HHS has made seven formal and informal productions, totaling more than 30,000 pages, in response to the committee's request for information about Consumer Operated and Oriented Plans under the Affordable Care Act. Now, I understand that the Republicans hate the Affordable Care Act and will continue to attack it, but HHS has been extremely responsive.    I also understand that the House Republicans are engaged in an orchestrated attack on the administration's new Clean Water rule, known as Waters of the United States, or WOTUS. They oppose the expanded protection of our Nation's waterways. So they've been investigating this new rule by sending massive document requests to EPA, the Army, and the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, which is here today.    But these agencies are also cooperating. EPA made 15 productions over the past year, totaling 24,670 pages of documents. The Army made 7 productions, totaling 13,087 pages. And OMB has made 8 productions on behalf of OIRA, totaling more than 6,000 pages.    As I noted earlier, DHS has been producing tens of thousands of pages of documents from its component agencies. These include the Secret Service, the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Transportation Security Administration, and the Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in response to dozens of requests from our committee. These agencies are not refusing to cooperate with the committee. They are trying to do their jobs, trying to act professionally, trying to protect the legitimate interests of the executive branch and trying to provide this committee with the information we need to fulfill our oversight responsibilities under the Constitution of the United States of America.    So I thank our witnesses for being here today, and I hope we can explore these issues in an earnest way so that this can be a win-win situation where we're able to do our job for the American people and do it effectively and efficiently.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.    Gentlemen, in listening to all of this, we have to have a balance here. And it seems, in listening, that this process at the very least can be speeded up.    What can we do to speed up the process of getting the documents that the committee has asked for? What can we do to help you speed that process up? Talk to me. Come on. Don't be silent.    Mr. Shelanski.    Mr. Cummings. But you had said a little bit earlier that when you first got the subpoenas, that you were kind of slow, your folks were kind of slow, and then you implied that you sped things up. And I'm just trying to make sure you're not moving in the slow gear again.    Mr. Cummings. And I'm trying to figure out why you were in slow gear.    Mr. Cummings. Let me get to the thing that concerns me most today, though I may come back to this if I have time, is the idea that the majority gets documents that we don't get. See, that--I'm going to tell you something: that really bothers me.    Mr. Meyer, the committee has requested multiple document productions from TSA as well as transcribed interviews of employees of TSA. In your testimony, you stated, and I quote: ``In the past 6 months, TSA has received 8 letters with over 30 requests for information. In response, TSA has made available about 15,000 pages of documents. TSA staff conducted a briefing, and five TSA personnel have participated in transcribed interviews.'' Is that correct?    Mr. Cummings. Come on, Mr. Meyer. That's your testimony. Just say ``yes.''    Mr. Cummings. That is--all right.    Mr. Cummings. Is TSA continuing to cooperate with the committee to produce documents in response to these requests?    Mr. Cummings. On December 3, 2015, Chairman Chaffetz sent a letter to TSA requesting documents and communications relating to cases of alleged misconduct by executive-level TSA employees since 2012, including reports of investigation. On April 6, 2016, TSA made available for in-camera review unredacted versions of the reports. TSA also made available other documents relating to proposed disciplinary actions, employee responses, and final administrative decisions on 13 of 17 cases. Yesterday, the committee was notified that the remaining four cases are now available for review. Is that correct, Mr. Meyer?    Mr. Cummings. TSA has made productions to the majority, Mr. Meyer, without simultaneously making productions to the minority. Now, when you started your statement, I paid special attention to your written statement, and you said it here today about all your work, working on both sides of the aisle, working all these years in Congress, and being over the producers of the documents. You know the significance of getting documents to the majority and the minority simultaneously, do you not?    Mr. Cummings. What's that about? Help me with that. Because let me tell you something. Let me tell you something: I want--my job in part is to make sure that my staff has the same documents that the majority has. Now you have got to explain to me why it is, why it is, that the majority gets documents and we don't. Help me with that.    Mr. Cummings. How was that an error?    Mr. Cummings. I don't like this approach at all. I think the TSA should provide Democrats with the copies at the same time it provides them to Republicans. So you agree with that?    Mr. Cummings. How soon can my staff get the documents that they may not have?    Mr. Cummings. How did you find out, by the way? How did you find out that we were not getting documents?    Mr. Cummings. So you will ensure that, in the future, the minority will receive all the documents the TSA transmits to the committee at the same time they are transmitted to the majority?    Mr. Cummings. Will you ensure that they are delivered directly to the minority's office and not to the majority's office with the expectation that the majority will have to provide them to the minority? That creates a delay. Do you follow me?    Mr. Cummings. I trust my friend and his staff, but they get them one day. Then they may have to copy, do whatever, and I don't know when we'll get them. We deserve to have them at the same time.    And let me tell you something: if I was on the other side, I would be making the same argue.    Hello?    Mr. Cummings. I'm also somewhat disturbed that TSA has provided official briefings to the committee's majority staff that excluded minority staff. What's that about? Did you know about that?    Mr. Cummings. So do you agree that the minority staff should be included in briefings that TSA provides to this committee?    Mr. Cummings. Will you ensure that, in the future, the minority staff of this committee is invited to briefings that TSA provides to the committee?    Mr. Cummings. You got to tell me how that happens. How does that happen? Let me tell you something. I have got hardworking employees. They give their blood, their sweat, their tears, and when these kinds of things happen, it really bothers everybody. You know why? Because they can't do their job.    Mr. Cummings. So is somebody not telling you something on your staff?    Mr. Cummings. I want to thank you, Mr. Meyer, for your willingness to be here today to discuss TSA's responsiveness to the committee's request in documents and for your commitment to ensuring that TSA responds to this committee's oversight in a bipartisan way.    And, with that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Cummings. I want to thank you for supporting me on that because I just think it's so important that we all work together. We may have our differences of opinion, but we need to be working from the same information. Thank you.    Mr. Cummings. Would the gentleman yield for just a second?    Mr. Cummings. First of all, I agree with the gentleman. He deserves--I remember that. I spend a lot of time on these issues that he's talking about, these pharmaceutical issues. But there's one thing, Secretary Burwell, of all the Secretaries I think, is probably one of the more responsive. And she is. She has been very responsive. And so, you know, you cannot, if it's your responsibility to have reminded her, do whatever, you need to do that. Okay? I mean, I can get--I usually can get a hold of her when I can get a hold of nobody else. So I think you're making her look bad, to be frank with you. All right? I don't usually say those things, but I just want to be fair to her, too. All right? So I'm hoping, unfortunately, you've already admitted that you screwed up. We got to do better than that, though. Because the gentleman--the questions that he raised are legitimate questions. They are important questions, and they go to a lot of the things the American people are most concerned about, and he deserved an answer. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Meyer, do you think that you or your office was intimidating anyone?    Mr. Cummings. And I take it that you--is this a standard practice before a witness comes up, to talk to them and----    Mr. Cummings. Did you get any indication from--did you see anything that would lead you to believe that he was intimidated?    Mr. Cummings. I don't have anything else.    Mr. Cummings. Yes. Can you all understand the frustration that we have?    Mr. Cummings. But you can't do anything about it, you don't think?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Meyer?    Mr. Cummings. Gentlemen, we have to do better. We got to do better. I can understand the chairman's frustration. As I said, there has to be a balance. We have to be able to get the documents to do our jobs.    At the same time, we take in consideration the problems that you all may have, the various privileges that you may be asserting, but I got to tell you that this is not balancing out. It sounds to me like there's some rope-a-doping here going on. I'm just telling you, and I think we can do better. I really do. That's just my opinion, and I would hope that you would go back to your agencies and try to speed up this process. Thank you.