    Mr. O'CARROLL. Good morning Chairman Dold, Ranking Member Becerra, and members Black, Renacci, Kelly, Smith, Larson and Mr. McDermott. I regret that Chairman Johnson could not make it today. I am happy to be here.    Last August a 38-year old teacher's aide received her last Social Security disability check after 8 years of collecting them for a bad back, a condition that never existed. A disability examiner stopped payment based on evidence from our Cooperative Disability Investigations unit in Baltimore in one of its very first cases. This woman told SSA she couldn't drive or take care of herself because of a back disorder and depression. She even used a walker at a medical exam. However, CDI observed her walking, working, driving, and actively living her life with no sign of back pain or mental problems. She soon admitted she didn't deserve the benefits. That one case saved us all about $100,000, probably much more given her young age. The Baltimore CDI unit exists because of this subcommittee, so on behalf of the taxpayers I thank all of you.    During my tenure as Inspector General, you have demanded rigorous oversight that has helped make Social Security better for all of us. So today as always I am pleased to appear before you for what is probably my last time. Thank you for asking me to share my observations gleaned from a decade of overseeing Social Security's programs and operations.    Despite the many things that we have accomplished together, much work remains. All of us will likely rely on Social Security at some point and SSA has a long tradition of serving citizens and meeting their needs. But that mission must never outweigh the agency's responsibility to be a good steward of the $2.5 billion it pays out each and every day.    I want to share three ways that SSA can achieve this balance. First, the agency must prioritize program integrity and look for innovative ways to identify improper payments and fraud. Thanks to your subcommittee, the Bipartisan Budget Act contains a provision increasing the cap on SSA's program integrity spending and it allows SSA to use those funds to work CDRs, open new CDI units and hire special assistant U.S. attorneys. I am pleased that the act authorizes SSA to access employer data about disability applicants' wages.    For years we have seen potential from many other data matches, government agencies, and third party sources that will reduce payment errors and identify fraud proactively. This has been a personal crusade of mine as IG and I hope to continue my work on this issue even after I retire.    Second, SSA must modernize and secure its information systems. One of its first efforts to modernize the Disability Case Processing System or DCPS has come under serious scrutiny. We have already issued two reviews on DCPS to inform the subcommittee about its challenges. And we have two ongoing DCPS audits that will shed more light on a process that has not been very transparent.    SSA must also do more to remediate the significant deficiency and internal controls and information security that we have reported over the past 4 years. In an environment where high profile data breaches have occurred at other agencies, we must ensure the same does not happen at SSA.    Third, SSA must maintain its antifraud momentum and support OIG efforts. In 2014 we arrested over 100 people, many of them retired New York City police officers and firefighters, in a single disability fraud scheme, totaling $30 million dollars. After you held a hearing on that case you asked SSA for a plan to address disability fraud. In response, the acting commissioner asked us to expand CDI. And now you have given SSA a mandate in the Bipartisan Budget Act to further expand CDI to all 50 States.    We have opened 12 new CDI units in less than 2 years, an impressive feat of collaboration and cooperation. We have also saved taxpayer money as a result with dozens more cases like the teacher's aide that I discussed at the beginning.    Finally, the recent arrests of attorney Eric Conn and Judge David Daugherty demonstrate our commitment to pursing third party facilitators, people who violate the public trust by exploiting their knowledge of the system for personal gain.    Our efforts to identify and dismantle these schemes will save taxpayers many millions of dollars and increase public confidence in the integrity of SSA's programs. As I prepare to step down, I know OIG will continue to protect Social Security from fraud, waste and abuse. Acting Inspector General Gale Stone and her outstanding staff will work with you and the agency to provide independent oversight of these vital programs.    It has truly been an honor to serve the American public in this capacity. Thank you for asking me to be here today and for your commitment to improving Social Security. And I will be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Well, a number of issues on that, Mr. Chairman. First, and the biggest one I think we are all concerned about, is the IT security of Social Security. That is something that is a high priority of this committee, and a high priority of my organization. We have been watching all the other breaches of government agencies on it. We have been trying to identify what vulnerabilities there are at SSA, plug those holes up, and give advice to SSA. Anyway that is right at the top of it.    The next one we have been talking about, which is what the Budget Act recommended, is that we need to be proactive. SSA needs to be proactive in its stewardship. And what we are doing is expanding the CDI program, which has been something that, I guess we generated out of this committee at the very beginning of my term. It is extremely effective; it is at the front end; it is before fraud is committed. It is a partnership of us, SSA and the States. It is very effective, works very well and sends a signal that we don't tolerate fraud of SSA's programs.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yes, Mr. Chairman. DCPS is of great concern to us and the committee. We have been pretty much hand in glove with the committee in the oversight of SSA and the development of this system. And if people remember, it's about 6 years in process. Within the last year--the SSA has gone off in a different direction in the development of it. A portion of the $300 million that has been put into this project is being saved. And at the same time, a new form of development is being used to start this new system on it. And that is where we have our concerns.    Our concern with it is that they're using pretty much a new type of development system to develop this processing system. And what happens with it is--I have got to say from our standpoint as auditors, it gives us concern. It is called Agile. And what it does, is that it inserts developers in with the users. It is very responsive. It is being used in the public sector. However, our major concern with this thing is the scope. This will probably be one of the biggest governmental Agile projects there is. One of the other parts of it is that as it develops, working with the user on it, it pretty much is a fluid process. And where we are concerned with it is that normally with an audit what you do is, you contract with the contractor. They will say they will make a delivery on a certain date. If that date isn't met, then you go back to the contractor and you readjust your procurement.    With this type of a thing, there aren't any real specific deliverable dates. What we are trying to do now is work with SSA, and have our auditors along to try to go along with the process on it, and see if there are ways that we can identify, sort of milestones along the way for deliverables. Because I am pretty sure a year from now if this product doesn't come out, the first thing you are going to ask us is, Where did it go astray? What we need to do is start coming up with some guideposts along the lines of it.    And what I have got to tell you is, it is not just us that are concerned with it. It is as I said the first time for a massive government project like this. MacKenzie is a contracting company that went out, took a look at this thing, and they have said they have some concerns; one on the scope, the size of it, and deliverable dates. So they too have concerns like we do.    So I think it is one of those things that needs oversight by the committee, bringing SSA in frequently. We would like to be along with those meetings on it. Getting updates on it will help. And we assure you that we are doing two more status reports on it as we speak. We will keep informing along the way.    Mr. O'CARROLL. It is.    Mr. O'CARROLL. I didn't say that. The agency has indicated that there will be cost savings coming from it. We haven't been able to identify that.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Well, that is one of our other major concerns on it. We don't know, because there are two ways. One is the core that is being done. It is being identified in terms of what the costs are going to be for the core. But the problem that we foresee with it is the personalization. Each of the States out there after they get the core, will then personalize it as much or as little as that State needs. In each of those cases, that is another cost out there that's hard to be able to ascertain. We don't know what the core is going to be and what each of the States is going to be asking for. So again, that is where our concerns are on it. It is hard to get any specifics.    Mr. O'CARROLL. About that point there, we are right in the low 30s, so we are up in the high 30s, into the 40s. Just about at 40 now.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yes.    Mr. O'CARROLL. No. Well, two things on it. One is that we are very dependent on SSA for the funding of the CDI units as we expand. My cost of a CDI unit is the lead investigator. SSA picks up all the other costs. As you are saying, those costs are balancing out with other things and the costs decline. It will decline on that----    Mr. O'CARROLL. Probably not. Again, it is at SSA's behest that we are going to do it.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Uh-huh.    Mr. O'CARROLL. May I add one comment on that, Mr. Chairman? A couple of things: one is that, Mr. Becerra, we talked about in the past that line on the first chart, the increase in the light blue there, that isn't to my advantage on that type of thing. That represents different tasks that have been placed on SSA, CDRs specifically, that are very expensive. They go up. I have to say as you are taking a look at the size of SSA going down, I can put a chart up of the OIG and it will mirror that exactly. I have 10 percent less people than when I started. And amongst other things, different demands are being made on SSA for antifraud activities and stewardship, which we applaud. We think it is well worth it and the return to the taxpayer is good. But, by the same token too, we need more resources. SSA needs resources too. That is the balance that each of us as managers make.    And in my case what I am doing is that by expanding CDI, it is getting me into the States. It is helping us with antifraud. It is not costing the taxpayers.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Mr. Smith, the last time of our work on this thing was in 1985. And we have noticed that SSA has the intention of updating it. We were told, one day, possibly April or May of this year, an update is coming out. It has not come out as of yet. So we are talking about pretty much 20 years of old data.    Mr. O'CARROLL. They will be using those same 1985 disability listings, specifically the one for mental disability, which is 12.0.    Mr. O'CARROLL. That is correct. That is the direction things are going in, yes.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yes, Mr. Smith. A couple of those on it--and I might add that we don't have much work done on this thing.--What's been coming up in this program is fairly new so we are still trying to work our way through it. But of major concern at the moment is the way SSA develops. I have got to say there are two issues on it, besides the second amendment issue. We have a lot of concern over the rep payee program in general. We have done a lot of work on it. It's one of those things, a subjective decision on the part of the claims rep from SSA as to whether or not it appears a person can handle their own personal issues and whether they need assistance. And oftentimes that is going to be just whether or not they can pay bills, whether they are able to feed themselves, and issues along those lines.    So there is not a scientific decision on it. It is one of pretty much personal opinion. And oftentimes what has been happening is that there are more and more people that are needing it and especially as we are noticing with the expansion of the aged into the beneficiary force. There it is going to be more and more needed.    So anyway, our biggest concern is that the level of decision on it is more in terms of just being able to take care of yourself, not whether or not you can have the right to carry a gun.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Which fraud that occurred? I am sorry, Mr. Smith.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Oh. What happened with those is that--and again I guess the beauty of the cooperative disability investigations unit is that in those units we have disability examiners in place with us--when they have a suspicion that somebody is not actually as disabled as they claim they are, they turn it over to the unit. So what happened before with the lady is that it was brought to our attention, and we investigated it. In this case here it was presented for prosecution.    Mr. O'CARROLL. It is still in process. In fact, this one is a fairly recent one so I am not even too sure where it is in the process. But we did present it to a U.S. attorney.    Mr. O'CARROLL. With a conviction on it we would probably be taking a look at a significant fine and up to 10 years in prison.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yes. And like you, I applaud the fact that one of our first, or one of my first under my watch, issues was identity theft and the misuse of the SSN and the publication of the SSN. We pretty much, first through this committee, brought it to the attention to the military, and then we brought it to the attention of HHS and then Medicare. And now internally we have been taking a look at SSA. We audited all the forms that are going out. We identified which forms are using the SSN still, brought them to the attention of SSA, and made the recommendation that it be taken off. And SSA has responded that the number they use is so core in their business process that it is difficult to do.    So what we are asking the agency to do is to come up with timelines in terms of which ones they can take off and to start being able to tell us and the committee when they are going to stop using them on documents. But it is probably going to take a while.    Mr. O'CARROLL. I will tell you Congressman, we haven't worked on that one yet. So I really can't make a comment on it. But what I can do is we will take a look at it and get back to you.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Thank you very much.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yes, they--by me, meaning SSA, they do report to SSA. However, the way they report is different in terms of some using the electronic death reporting method, which is extremely accurate and quick. The ones still using the paper ones--which I think is now probably about 10 States are still doing paper--those are usually not as accurate. There are a lot of issues with them.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Correct. Our biggest concern of that one is the timely notification of SSA of a death and the accuracy of it. You also don't want to be reported as dead when you are alive.    Mr. O'CARROLL. No, it is not mandatory. So what has happened is that there is a lot of encouragement for it. HHS is the primary agency and they have been pushing the States to do it. But there are a few States--in many cases it is going to be on the electronic systems in the State and bringing that State up to a standard so that they can transmit electronically. But we are making the recommendation based on our finding that the accuracy level is so much better when it is electronic than when it is manual. We really encourage it.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Absolutely.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yes.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yeah. An example of that would be New York State that is not doing it electronically yet. New York City, the biggest contributor in the State, is. So it is spotty and we can give you a list of those.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Semiannual.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Boy, I am glad you asked that question. We are probably the largest hotline in government for fraud allegations being made. Yes, we get 150,000 plus allegations a year. Two things: a number of things kind of go into what we call the waterfall. How it comes down from the initial information and it eventually becomes a case. Hopefully an arrest is made.    A couple of things go into it, one is the accuracy of the information that we are getting. Oftentimes we are getting calls on the hotline where a person will call up and say, my next door neighbor is in the backyard doing manual labor and I know they are on disability. We really can't do anything with that, you know, unless we have specific information on who the person is, what their Social Security numbers is, and other type of information. So the first step is validating the information coming in.    Next step on it is that we have to start figuring out whether we have representation in that location where it is. Some States we have one agent for the entire State. That is where we start getting into the resources.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Uh-huh.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Agreed. If they don't know that information or--also what is happening oftentimes is, believe it or not, we still say the hotline; we talk about telephone calls being made. But to be truthful, Congressman, the biggest issue now is often times electronic. So we are getting a lot of stuff over the web. And when that is coming in one way information, we don't have the chance to go back to get secondary information from them.    So if that initial response that we get doesn't have enough information in it we can't, we oftentimes can't do anything. But if it is really significant----    Mr. O'CARROLL. Well, where we run into difference from you is that when they contact your office they want to be re-contacted. When people contact us, most of the time they want anonymity. That is where our problems are. They don't want us to know who they are, for fear that--yeah, so the neighbor sees the car out in front of the house and figures their neighbor informed on them. So those are all the issues.    I can talk for a long time on this one.    Mr. O'CARROLL. No.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Well, that is as we talked about last week. What we would like is a baseline in order to be able to see if, you know, different efforts that are being done by us and SSA are being effective. It would be I guess useful to be able to establish a number on it. But I think it is also about going on record that no other benefit program yet has established its fraud rate. So it would be unlike business where businesses have an understanding of what a rate is. I look often times at what the fraud rate is in the insurance industry and wonder whether it would be the same in a benefit program. But I do--our concern is that we know it is more than 1 percent, but don't have a specific number.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Well, Congresswoman, we have great concerns. That is probably one of the reasons why I am here and why we have been coming before the committee on this issue. We have been saying all along that, you know, the modernization of IT of SSA is extremely important. It is extremely expensive and extremely difficult. It is going to require a lot of oversight.    And part of that oversight is taking a look at this one project that we have many concerns about. I have got to say, you know, monthly meetings with, the oversight committees to, you know, update them on what is going on with it; this is a step in the right direction. The biggest thing, you know, for me and where I am sitting right now is that, as with any administration on it, we are at the end of this administration. You know, no one knows how to predict what is going to be happening in the future, but a lot of the different plans and processes and everything else at SSA could be, you know, set back, with administration changes.    So it is going to be, I guess, incumbent on this committee to keep the IT modernization of SSA in the forefront. And what we will do as the IG is continue to make recommendations of what they need to do and have meetings during any of the transitions that are coming. We will explain what our concerns are and what goals should be for the agency. We do have significant concerns.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Well, I have got to applaud the committee in terms of, you know, Chairman Johnson, Ranking Member Becerra. This committee has been very focused on IT. Of course, what we have seen, and I mentioned in my testimony, is the concern that the keys to the castle of all information for American citizens is at SSA. A breach of SSA would be catastrophic in terms of the reputation of this organization.    So for that reason, the modernization of SSA, bringing in all the new forms of IT security is very important. My thought on it is that--which is happening is--I would say monthly meetings with SSA; to look at, one, the projects that they have ongoing, and two, the future. Explain what is needed on it so that this committee can go forward in terms of doing--predicting where SSA's needs are going to be, because IT is the future.    The other one for me that I have woven throughout my testimony and everything else, one of the other big issues is going to be data matching, which again, goes back to IT. Many of the things that, as Congressman Kelly was talking about. If we have data matches out there, we don't necessarily need investigators or need to know numbers of what the fraud number is or anything else. If we can start using the information out there to make sure that the right people are getting the money, making sure that the people are alive when they are getting their checks, that type of information, a lot of that can be done without actual people on the ground. It can be done with data matching. And that is going to be a robust good IT system at SSA.