    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I have to begin by saying how much I appreciate this hearing. I think the fact that we are having this hearing today points to how important WMATA is, of course, to its immediate region, but also to the Federal Government itself. We are locked into this together, and into WMATA's problems together, and unwinding them together.    I stress WMATA's uniqueness. No other Metro system across the United States has to respond to three different jurisdictions. That is a built-in structural problem that neither WMATA nor, for that matter, those of us in the Federal Government have been able to help WMATA somehow get over. This is one of the reasons for WMATA's complexities. And those complexities play prominently into the changes that are needed.    For example, just this morning Secretary Foxx announced that he was appointing a high-level official from his office to help hasten the work of the three jurisdictions in setting up their own safety oversight mechanism. The new CEO, Mr. Wiedefeld, has taken steps that have been acknowledged as bold and necessary--despite inconveniencing the public.    But here we have dual issues that collide. We want the public to be safe, and we want the public to be able to get where they are going quickly. And how WMATA solves that during this process when they are overhauling the system, is one of the issues we want to face today. The basic challenge WMATA will meet after this single year of essentially rebuilding much of the system is how to keep it that way. And I will want to hear more this morning about that.    The word ``safety culture'' is thrown around. What does that mean? It is a really scary word, because it means that something is embedded in how the WMATA operates that somehow has to be dug out. And the culture notion has not been defined.    Congress, of course, passed MAP-21 , giving the Federal Transit Administration safety oversight over public transportation in the United States, and we reinforced that in the FAST Act. Now WMATA safety issues pile onto FTA that it would like to offload. And I think the SafeTrack plan of the general manager will help to do that.    Some of Metro's funds are being held up because, inexcusably, on top of all of its other issues, it mishandled its finances and is therefore having trouble getting its Federal funds. That is something that has to be worked out and worked out very quickly. It looks like WMATA has taken the necessary actions, but that the Federal Transit Administration has not responded appropriately. So if WMATA does something right, we expect the Federal agency to respond in kind.    Mr. Chairman, I am very anxious to hear the testimony. I very much appreciate that the witnesses have prepared thoughtful testimony today. I think you see how much today's hearing means to the region as three Members of the region are here to testify, and I thank them for coming, as well. I yield back, sir.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. Thank you very much. I now turn to the chairman of the full committee, Bill Shuster.    Ms. Norton. Mr. Chairman, while the second panel is coming up, I would like to ask that the statement of Representative Chris Van Hollen, a Member who represents a jurisdiction in this region, be admitted to the record.    And I would like to ask unanimous consent to correct the record, and to have a chart that shows Federal funding for WMATA, compared to other transit agencies. WMATA receives 19 percent of its budget from Federal contributions; 17 percent is the industry average. On fares, WMATA's fares cover 32.6 percent of its budget, where the industry average is 23.3 percent. And I ask that this chart be entered into the record, as well.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. Now I would like to take this opportunity to welcome our second panel.    We have Mr. Paul Wiedefeld, who is the general manager of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority; Ms. Carolyn Flowers, who is the Acting Administrator, Federal Transit Administration; and the Honorable Tim Lovain, Chair of the National Capital Region Transportation Planning Board of the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments.    And with that I would ask unanimous consent that our witnesses' full statements be included in the record.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. And without objection, that is so ordered. And since the written statements are going to be included in the record, I would request you try to limit your comments to 5 minutes.    And with that, Mr. Wiedefeld, we will start with you.    Ms. Flowers, it is for the FTA.    Ms. Flowers. OK. Chairman Graves, we have program management oversight, as well as grant management oversight of our grantees. And we do contract out some of that work, so that we can, on a national basis, monitor our over 800 grantees.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. How about the work--so you monitor--or you contract out the work to monitor them?    Ms. Flowers. Yes, and we perform tri-annual audits and enhanced audits on areas like procurement and financial management.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. How about just when it comes to the work--you know, whether that is maintenance work or other things, too--putting that out for competitive bid? Do you ever encourage that?    Ms. Flowers. That is determined at the grantee level, they make decisions on their procurements. But we do ask them to be effective in the use of our funds.    I know that Mrs. Comstock mentioned that for WMATA the option of looking at contracting out would be something that she would encourage. Agencies do contract out to try to ensure that they effectively use our funds.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. Thank you. And I have some more questions, but I am going to turn to Ms. Norton for her opening questions.    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Flowers, I want to thank all of you at FTA for the new financial discipline you are instilling upon Metro. Quiet as it is kept, Metro's or WMATA's financial recordkeeping has mirrored the much more widely understood and known issues of safety, particularly financial accountability, a system that like safety, has been in disarray. That directly affects safety, of course, because most of the money that WMATA is getting is for safety.    If you look behind some of the criticism WMATA has received, we are told that $783 million of Federal transit funding for WMATA is going unspent. So everyone assumes that WMATA is sitting on money, and that WMATA is really ineffective by not spending money it already has. So how could it want more money?    But if you look behind these numbers, Ms. Flowers, you find that $300 million of it is obligated for safety projects and for new cars, and the remaining amount is waiting reimbursement by FTA.    Now, according to the information we have been given from FTA, in order to bring itself into the compliance that is sorely needed--and again, I thank you for the discipline that apparently is working--WMATA has complied with all 45 recommendations of FTA, submitted the required 65 corrective action plans, is working with FTA on a testing and validation plan, has closed 5 of the required testing and validation items, and has submitted 11 to FTA for review. The remaining four will be done at a later date, and will be submitted on time.    Ms. Flowers, a recent inspector general report of FTA criticized FTA for not having consistent policies when it, in fact, undertakes a very serious matter, which is to withhold Federal funds which, in this case, means that the three jurisdictions have to pay. This report was entitled, ``FTA Monitored Grantees' Corrective Actions, But Lacks Policy and Guidance to Oversee Grantees with Restricted Access to Federal Funds.'' And it found, for example, with respect to WMATA--and here I am quoting--that WMATA was required ``to mail hard copies of its invoice packages to the PMOC contractor in North Carolina to review, which is a more time- and resource-intensive process.''    So, my question. Given the need for every penny WMATA can get, my question to you is can you specifically identify at what point WMATA will be able to return to normal restrictions and procedures for accessing Federal funds that the Congress has appropriated to it, rather than drawing down funds by hand, which can take anywhere from 10 days to 2 weeks for the money to get to WMATA for safety and for other matters?    Ms. Flowers. We are onsite at WMATA, and we were there yesterday to work on a plan we call a snapshot plan to try to expedite the issues that you are talking about. We have also put into our regional office additional employees to ensure that we can expedite the WMATA drawdowns.    I understand that, you know, the----    Ms. Norton. Ms. Flowers, if they have complied in this way, what is left to be done? So that we can understand what is outstanding.    Ms. Flowers. We are in the final steps of a verification process.    Ms. Norton. So do you expect within a few months? Do you expect by the end of the year? When do you expect WMATA will be able to access its funds the way--in the normal fashion, rather than by hand?    Ms. Flowers. In this last step, if we see that the documentation is verified, we should be able to, I think, have a targeted lifting of restricted drawdown in certain areas. There is some of the older stuff that I believe that will still be there, but we can work with them in terms of addressing targeted and focused areas to lift that drawdown----    Ms. Norton. But you don't have a timeframe on when you might be able----    Ms. Flowers. We----    Ms. Norton. The burden is now on you. They have done what you have asked them to do.    The reason I am pressing you on this question is if they have done all they had to do, the burden shifts to FTA, then, to say by when do you think WMATA will be accountable enough so that these by-hand drawdowns will no longer be necessary.    Ms. Flowers. We are verifying that documentation, and I expect that in the next few weeks we will have completed the snapshot review phase of the verification process.    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Ms. Flowers.    Ms. Norton. I thank the chairwoman for taking me out of order. Mr. Wiedefeld, we all recognize that there are no new ready sources of revenue for WMATA. The usual mythical sources of course are mentioned from time to time, from the other side of the room, such as outsourcing. The Federal Government is never mentioned by any of you, but of course it's been alleged that that is what is really called for here.    I do know that in the FAST Act, there was a 25-percent increase for older systems. And that was something that as the ranking member, I fought very hard for. Because there really is a difference between these systems and the newer ones. Yet what cannot be ignored is that Metro has had a 5-percent loss of ridership over the last 5 years. You're probably going to have more with SafeTrack.    But I noted something you said a few months ago, that WMATA was trying to help itself. It was looking for something that business often does. Incentives to reattract riders. Things like, if you went into a station and it was crowded and you just had to leave, you could reenter at some later point. Could you outline what kind, if you are still considering such incentives, particularly after you're going to lose some of your riders anyway? Can you afford to put some of these incentives in place, and if so, what kind of incentives are you looking at now, to help riders return to Metro?    Ms. Norton. So notwithstanding SafeTrack, you're still going to put those incentives out there? In fact perhaps because of SafeTrack, you need those incentives out there?    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Madam Chair.