    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank you and Ranking Member Engel for swiftly scheduling the first markup of a new Congress to address critical issues in the world right now. I am happy to see us move forward on a number of bills that I am very proud to have cosponsored. I am particularly grateful to the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership on human trafficking with the Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act. Put simply, human trafficking is slavery. It violates the founding principles of the United States of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, and humanity's very basic principle of respect. The United States must continue to lead efforts in combating human trafficking, and I am very pleased that we are marking up legislation to improve transparency and enforcement regarding the oversight of recruitment fees paid by foreign workers.    Finally, I was proud to cosponsor the resolution offered by my friend and college Congresswoman Robin Kelly condemning the violence and terrorism perpetrated by Boko Haram, abducting innocent students and forcing children into marriage or slavery is unconscionable. And no child in any part of the world should live in constant fear of kidnapping or death. We must send a strong message to Boko Haram that these heinous acts and their other terrorist activities are unacceptable. There is no question that the United States must do everything in its power to work with our partners to stop Boko Haram.    And I, too, want to acknowledge the advocacy and passionate work of our colleague, Congresswoman Frederica Wilson.    But also in our partnership with Nigeria, we must also enforce our expectations that the Nigerian Government is honest, fair, and treats all of its citizens with dignity.    Last year, Nigeria enacted a law which added additional criminal penalties against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender individuals. Although titled ``The Same-Sex Marriage Prohibition bill,'' the law goes well beyond prohibiting marriage equality to actively discriminate against LGBT individuals and their allies in meaningful ways. Since enactment of the law, we have received reports of escalated violence, police and government oppression, and censorship. And while we commit to the full might of the United States to fighting Boko Haram, we cannot ignore egregious human rights violations at the same time.    Again, I commend the chairman and the ranking member for moving these important pieces of legislation, and I look forward to their passage, and I yield back.