    Mr. Martin. Thank you for inviting us to be part of the discussion about NASA's challenges in operating and maximizing research on the International Space Station, a very timely topic in light of the loss of three cargo supply flights over the past eight months.    The Office of Inspector General has issued four reports related to the topic of today's hearing during the past two years, including reviews that examine NASA's plans to extend Station operations until 2024 and its contracts with private companies to fly cargo and eventually crew to Station. We have five more reviews related to this topic under way, including an examination of October's cargo resupply failure, NASA's efforts to manage health and behavioral risk for extended space exploration, and challenges to international cooperation in space.    Our audit from last September of NASA's plans to extend the ISS reported that the agency had identified no major obstacles to continued operations through 2024. However, we found NASA must address a series of technical challenges, including ensuring adequate power generation in light of degradation of the Station's solar arrays as well as a limited ability to transport large replacement parts to Station.    While NASA officials estimate an annual ISS budget of between $3 and $4 billion through 2024, we anticipate the cost may be higher. First, much of the projected increase is attributable to higher transportation costs, and we found NASA's estimates for cargo and crew transportation optimistic.    Second, most of the agency's international partners have yet to commit to Station operations beyond 2020, and a decision by one or more not to participate could drive up costs for NASA. As noted in our report, the number one operational risk for the ISS program is ensuring the ability to deliver supplies and astronauts to Station. While NASA is working with two commercial cargo providers for redundancy, flights by Orbital and SpaceX are now on hold pending the outcome of accident investigations and approvals from the FAA and NASA.    In addition to the loss of important supplies, the failed cargo flights have affected NASA research aboard Station in at least three ways: number one, by reducing available crew time due to a temporary delay in returning the Station's crew complement to six astronauts; number two, by increasing cost to replace the lost research; and number three, by delaying return of experiments due to the suspension of flights by SpaceX, the only company capable of bringing cargo back to Earth.    Because NASA uses the ISS as a research platform to study a variety of risks associated with human travel and long-term habitation in space, it is an important part of its plans to send humans beyond low-Earth orbit. As we have reported in the past, utilization of the ISS for research has increased over the years, but several factors continue to limit its full potential. For example, until a seventh astronaut is brought aboard the Station, NASA will not be in a position to maximize crew time devoted to research. In addition, on-board crew will soon devote substantial time to reconfiguring the ISS to accommodate the commercial vehicles NASA hopes will transport astronauts beginning in 2017. To that point, late last year, NASA awarded $6.8 billion in contracts to Boeing and SpaceX to complete development of their spaceflight systems for crew. But NASA's Commercial Crew Program faces several significant hurdles, including unstable funding, the need to provide timely requirements and certification guidance to contractors, and coordination issues with other federal agencies. Given its importance, the OIG recently initiated a follow-up audit to review the status of NASA's Commercial Crew Program.    And that concludes my prepared remarks. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Martin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My understanding is the FAA granted licenses to the private contractors, both SpaceX and Orbital ATK, and under the contract, they are leading the accident investigations. I believe with the Orbital mishap that NASA has a separate review ongoing to try to get to the root cause there. But there is not the same kind of independent accident investigation board if it were a NASA-owned failure. And I think we're currently conducting a review that's going to look at some of the concerns we have about the independence of a contractor-led accident investigation board. But again, pursuant to the contract and the license for the FAA, that's the way it's intended to be.    Mr. Martin. Yes. I'm not exactly sure whether they factored how many accidents in. But I do think that their cost projections are overly optimistic and continue to be. Over the life of the program, the ISS has shown eight percent increase annually in costs over the life of the program. In fact, from 2011 to 2013, there was a 26 percent cost increase for the ISS. So moving forward, as we go out, as NASA considers extending the life of the Station to 2024, it's projected that in 2024, 59 percent of Station expenses will be for crew and cargo transportation. That's a big piece of the pie.    Mr. Martin. Sure, and I think Bill could go into a lot greater detail. Again, under the contracts, since this is a commercial spaceflight, the FAA gives the license, and under the contract, the contractor leads the accident investigation review, unlike a past Challenger accident or something like that where NASA itself would convene an independent accident investigation board.    My sense is that NASA is a member, sort of an advisory member, of Orbital's, and soon to be SpaceX's, accident review boards, but they aren't leading that activity. And perhaps Bill could go deeper on that.    Mr. Martin. There is not. I think CASIS on the two flights of SpaceX and the Orbital failures lost over $650,000 of CASIS-funded experiments on those flights. The poor school children in your district lost two sets; NASA, as Mr. Gerstenmaier indicated, over $100 million, that's gone. The taxpayers are paying for that.