    Chairman Price. The hearing will come to order.    We want to welcome everybody to the Budget Committee and our hearing this morning on growing risks to the budget and the economy. We have got a lot of folks here.    And I especially want to welcome a delegation from the country of Sri Lanka. We welcome you to our budget hearing today. Thanks for joining us. Maybe you can teach us a few things about getting a budget on track.    This morning's hearing is entitled ``Growing Risks to the Budget and the Economy.'' Regardless of one's political posture, there are clearly some warning signs before us. In many ways, the current budget and the current economy are, in fact, risks that are intimately related to each other. The Congressional Budget Office itself provides all of us with some sobering information, demonstrating that policymakers have ample evidence and information revealing just how severe the risks are and how much riskier they will become in the not-too-distant future.    Today, the Nation's total debt tops $19 trillion. At the end of the 10-year budget window, over the next decade, CBO projects we will borrow another $8.6 trillion, accumulating a total level of publicly held debt equivalent to more than 85 percent of our economy. That is twice the average level of the past century. It is the highest our Nation has had since the end of World War II.    And, of course, unlike the 1940s, today's debt is not being driven by a massive temporary mobilization of military might. In 2016, our debt trajectory is being driven by a chronic imbalance in our Nation's budget for which there is no end in sight under current policy or current law.    In fact, today's growing debt is not so much the result of defeating a threat to America's national security--it is, indeed, the threat itself. The fiscal imbalance that we face, the uncertainty that is sown into our economy by a looming fiscal crisis, all of this weakens our Nation.    And, yet, despite all of this, there are many who are saying that just because interest rates are so low, that we just ought to keep borrowing more and more money--run up the credit card while credit is relatively cheap. This is, as most folks understand and appreciate, horribly shortsighted thinking.    Publicly held debt is over $14 trillion, more than three-quarters the size of our economy. We are already past what economists say is a sustainable debt burden, let alone advisable or fair to leave our kids and our grandkids.    The fastest-growing component in our budget is not national security spending; it is not health care; it is not research and development; it is not infrastructure to repair roads or bridges; it is not aid to the Nation's poor; it is interest on our Nation's debt. Unless something is done to change course, in 2026 America will pay $712 billion a year in interest payments alone, just shy of what we are projected to spend on our entire national defense.    And interest payments, interest dollars, are dollars that can't be used to pay the rent or to send a kid to school or to buy a car or to buy a house or to start or to expand a business. All the things that the American people say they want to do with their money will be harmed by the enormous interest payments.    Annual deficits are projected to exceed $1 trillion in that same time period. These deficits will come at a time when Washington will be taking in higher-than-average tax revenue. This means that we will be taking in more tax money and going further in the hole, further into debt. Clearly, the government is not being starved of revenue.    That being said, a stronger economy that creates higher revenues is truly the key to addressing our fiscal crisis. If our economy were growing today at just the historical average, roughly 3 percent annually, instead of 2 percent that is projected over the next decade, we would be in a much better fiscal position than we are right now.    According to the Congressional Budget Office, if economic growth were just 0.1 percentage points higher per year than currently projected, annual deficits over the next 10 years would be reduced by $327 billion. Just through better economic output, we could reduce future deficits by as much as $3.3 trillion over the next decade if we were growing at our historical average.    In short, economic growth is a vital ingredient to any coherent strategy to get the Nation's fiscal house in order. Poor economic policies contribute to the poor fiscal health of the Nation, and today we are experiencing the worst economic recovery of the modern era.    The macro effects of slow economic growth, however, are only one side of the story. The uncertainty that the country as a whole has experienced, due in part to lackluster economic growth, is also experienced by millions of individual Americans--families, entrepreneurs--in their own lives and in their own ways. Many Americans are struggling to make ends meet at a time when opportunities are fewer and the cost of basic necessities like health care and education are rising.    And while the headline unemployment rate has dropped to under 5 percent, the underemployment rate, that which takes into account those who are working part-time because they can't find full-time work and those who have just given up looking for work, is currently 9.7 percent. That is higher than where it was prior to the recession.    Meanwhile, the rate of participation in America's labor market, the percent of the population who are able to work who are working, is at levels not seen since the late 1970s, and the rate of worker productivity has declined for the last three quarters.    At a time when over 60 percent of the country believes the Nation is on the wrong track, it is time we adopted a pro-growth policy agenda. And when that is coupled with sound budgetary strategy, it will jump-start America's economic engine and put us on a sustainable fiscal trajectory.    House Republicans, led in part by this committee's efforts on fiscal and economic matters, have been championing bold solutions to achieve those goals.    And to further this discussion, we are joined today by Dr. John Cochrane, a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution; Dr. Jared Bernstein, who is a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities; and Dr. Doug Holtz-Eakin, who is president of the American Action Forum.    I want to thank each and every one of you for taking part in today's hearing.    And I am pleased now to yield to the current temporary ranking member of the day, Mr. Ryan from Ohio.    Chairman Price. I thank the gentleman.    As background for this hearing, the Congressional Budget Office has their August update as well as their long-term budget outlook. And I ask unanimous consent to insert into the record the CBO reports ``An Update to the Budget and Economic Outlook: 2016 to 2026,'' published on August 23, 2016, and the ``2016 Long-Term Budget Outlook,'' published on July 12, 2016.    Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Price. Dr. Cochrane, Dr. Bernstein, Dr. Holtz-Eakin, we want to welcome you. We thank you very much for taking time today. Your prepared remarks will be made part of the record. Each of you will have 5 minutes to present your opening statement.    And, Dr. Cochrane, you may begin when ready.    Chairman Price. Thank you, Dr. Cochrane.    Dr. Bernstein, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Thank you, Dr. Bernstein.    Dr. Holtz-Eakin, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. I thank all three of you for your opening statements. And I think that the prepared remarks that you had are very enlightening in many, many ways, and we appreciate that.    We will start questioning with Mr. Rokita. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Pascrell, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Price. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Renacci, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Price. Mr. Ryan, you are recognized for 10 minutes.    Chairman Price. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Johnson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Price. Mr. Grothman, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. The gentleman's time has expired.    You may quickly respond if you would like.    Chairman Price. Time has expired.    Mr. Woodall, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Price. Mr. Blum, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Price. Mr. Sanford, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Brat, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Quickly.    Chairman Price. The gentleman's time has expired. Thank you.    I want to visit a couple points that were made by Dr. Bernstein and our friends on the other side of the aisle, and to start with this infrastructure spending. I share an adjacent district to the one that Mr. Woodall has. I know that if those trucks that I am behind on the highway every single day got out of my way because they could move through faster, then I could get where I needed to get faster and they could too, and that would increase productivity.    But the fact of the matter is that a study done by the Congressional Budget Office in June of this year concludes that, quote, ``Productive Federal investment has an average annual rate of return of 5 percent, or half the agency's estimate of the average rate of return on private investment,'' and that if one assumed that $50 billion was spent over 10 years, $500 billion total increase, the CBO concludes that the output would increase slightly, but it would also boost deficits.    In fact, the quote is, ``The negative effect on output from crowding out would be stronger than the positive effect from increased productivity.''    So, again, we all, both sides of the aisle, want infrastructure spending, targeted, appropriate, wise, smart infrastructure spending. But when we look back on what was done in the stimulus, you talk about something that wasn't targeted, wasn't wise, wasn't logical, didn't have the results that our friends on the other side thought it was going to have--we predicted that it wouldn't--then we are really suspect about this notion of infrastructure spending expanding the economy.    Second, I want to touch on what my friend from New Jersey said at the beginning as he was bemoaning, almost crying over--even though he had lost his doom and groom--but he was almost crying over the fact that corporate taxes only result in 11 percent of the overall revenue coming to the Federal Government.    So, Dr. Holtz-Eakin, what if we were to increase, let's increase the percent of revenue to the Federal Government, let's double it, let's double the corporate income tax, what happens?    Chairman Price. We have been trying to bring focus in this committee to the imperative of growth, part of the reason for this hearing, obviously, but the consequences of debt.    Chairman Price. And if you put up the first slide, I think, which demonstrates the growth in interest, we harken back to the halcyon days after World War II when we had a debt-to-GDP ratio of 106 percent or whatever it was. But the fact of the matter is that, as Mr. Sanford cited, none of the other dynamics out there were the same as they are right now and things were trending in a good direction both from a spending standpoint and from a growth standpoint.    This is the coming decade, this is the next 10 years of what happens to interest payments, an increase of 187 percent over that period of time, the largest increase in our spending here at the Federal level.    And, Dr. Cochrane, what are people able to do with those dollars that are spent on interest?    Chairman Price. This is a little bit of a tangent, but let me touch on the issue of regulation, because I think it was you, Dr. Holtz-Eakin, who mentioned the $800 billion of new regulatory costs.    We all, we jump up and down and sputter and spit about the corporate income tax rate and how it is harming growth in the economy, and it brings in, as Mr. Pascrell said, about 11 percent, about $320 billion dollars a year out of a $3.8 trillion budget or thereabouts. And the compliance costs of regulation in this country, the compliance costs of regulation in this country estimated to be $1.8 trillion a year, six times the cost of the corporate income tax.    I noticed that on this long laundry list of items each of you suggested would invigorate the economy and create growth, that regulation wasn't one at the top of the list. But wouldn't getting regulation--again, we all want regulation, smart regulation, wise regulation that does something that actually inures to the benefit of the American people instead of punish the folks who are out there trying to create jobs and institute their better ideas--wouldn't decreasing the costs of regulation, compliance costs, Dr. Holtz-Eakin, have a significant effect on the economy?    Chairman Price. Yeah.    Dr. Cochrane.    Chairman Price. Yeah. No, we had a hearing last week on CMMI, Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, that many of us believe is usurping a lot of the legislative authority, the policymaking authority. But the regulations that they are putting in place, the uncertainty of what they are doing, the capricious nature with which they act are the kinds of things that significantly harm growth in our economy.    I was struck, Dr. Cochrane, by one of the statements you made. I think you said we could grow out of large debts with growth if we weren't increasing our deficit at the same time. So it is just kind of a self-evident truth.    Chairman Price. Quickly, yeah.    Chairman Price. Let me suggest that the housing bubble was created by the Federal Government, one could argue, by regulations that the Federal Government put in place that required the outlay of capital in a risky way.    Chairman Price. I suspect so.    Dr. Cochrane, I want to put in my final minute and a half here, I want to put a face on all of this, because at some point the growth rates that are now down 50 percent, and the projections over a 10-year period of time are down by fully a third, and I suspect it will be less than that unless something changes, the fiscal crisis that we have talked about coming forward, and that you can't read the tea leaves, you can't predict when that is going to happen, but when it happens--because if we don't change policy, it is going to happen--when it happens, what does that look like to Mr. and Mrs. American Public?    Chairman Price. The promises that we have already made will not be fulfilled. Social Security.    Chairman Price. Medicare.    Chairman Price. Medicaid.    Chairman Price. The Budget Committee has a program ongoing called Restoring the Trust for All Generations, and it is trying to put a face on it, it is trying to say these are the consequences if we don't get our fiscal house in order. And this is certainly a bipartisan project, and I was struck by some of the agreement that we had on the panel today.    I want to thank each and every one of you for coming.    Chairman Price. As Dr. Holtz-Eakin mentioned, I think, we have gone through a period now where there are more small business deaths than births, and that is a dangerous place to be for an economy.    So I look forward to working with you as we move forward, because we have to tackle this. The American people expect it and they have a right to expect it and have us get our job done.    Dr. Cochrane, Bernstein, Holtz-Eakin, I want to thank you so very much for appearing before us today. Please be advised that members may submit written questions to be answered later in writing and that those questions and your answers will be made part of the formal hearing record.    Chairman Price. Any member who wishes to submit questions or any extraneous material for the record may do so within 7 days.