    Mr. BARRETT. All right. Hello, everyone. I am going to be the least slick speaker here. I have never done this before, but it is quite exciting. Thank you so much for having me here.    I am David Barrett, the founder and CEO of Expensify. We do expense reports that do not suck. It is a bold division, but we are improving the world one expense report at a time.    So what I am going to talk about here is probably highly overlapping, so I am going to be more anecdotal here about the rise of the app stores. And I would say in my mind, the app economy started with actually a little known phone called the Danger Hiptop. I think I was only person who liked this phone. It was the first phone to actually have its own integrated app store, meaning that you could actually download and expand the functionality of the phone itself. This phone launched in 2002, but the app economy did not really typically take off until about 2008 with the iPhone App Store. And at six years, nothing happened. And I think the important reason why nothing happened is because the Hiptop was not backed by Apple, and thus, did not have the power to convince AT&T to allow applications to be installed on their phones. And so for about six lost years, we had the potential for an app economy but it simply did not happen. And I think that really drives home the importance of having open access to the technology, the Internet, and the users, in order to actually enable the technology of an app store to work.    Secondarily, I would say in addition to the app store, what makes this whole revolution possible is the sheer power of these phones. I am trying to think of ways to sort of summarize how powerful these phones are, so to give some examples, the first portable computer that I can think of would probably be the Apollo Command Module, 1969. It had about 64 kilobytes of memory, 43 kilohertz of processing speed. To put it into comparison, a single iPhone can process about 16,000 times more data, about 33,000 times more fast. So that is basically a single iPhone has more power than the entire Apollo mission combined. All of NASA at that time could be powered by a single iPhone easily.    Maybe more recent is 1997. IBM had a computer called Deep Blue. It was the first computer to ever beat a world champion in chess. A single iPhone is about 10 times more powerful than that computer, and that was just 1997. Or maybe a more recent IBM computer is Watson. In 2011, it beat Jeopardy for the first time. And so it was hailed at the time as being the smartest AI ever created. It is about 2,500 iPhones, which means in about seven years, due to Moore's Law, which means that basically computing power doubles every 18 months. In about three terms, every one of your constituents is going to have a phone in their pocket more powerful than today's smartest AI. And so that is pretty astonishing I would say. It is not totally accurate to say that every smartphone is as powerful as a super computer, but it is pretty darn close. And any policy you put in place today is probably going to be applied to super computers by the time it is actually out in the real world.    And so how this sort of works as a real world example. Expensify, as I said, we work in the ever-so-exciting field of expense report management, and what we do is we have an app where you take a picture of the receipt and a technology called Smart Scan will read the information off that receipt automatically without any typing involved, put it on the right expense report, and submit it for you. And so I would say in our world, the availability of a telephone platform with an integrated smartcam can enable this sort of scanning technology to bring extreme productivity to small businesses that are doing mobile travel on the road.    And so I would say the app evolution is not going to sort of appear like HAL 9,000. Artificial intelligence is not going to sort of appear in this personal form. It is first going to start off with applications highly optimized for certain problem demands, like Expensify.    And so I think that an exciting thing about this, as we are getting these more powerful automation platforms, they are not going to appear typically like in the enterprise or in the factories and trickle down to the people. The exciting thing about this environment is because of the sheer affordability of this platform, it affects everyone all at once. The entire world is benefitting from these sort of small business applications, starting with the individuals and moving on up. And so this sort of bottom-up adoption of this technology I think is really a major change for how technology has historically been adopted.    So I would say maybe a final point, I have heard real broadband mentioned. I think that an amazing component of the app technology is it enables rural areas to actually contribute to a global economy. I know that our Smart Scan Technology employs about 150 contract workers throughout actually rural Michigan, where we have one of our offices. And so unlike a typical Silicon Valley business, which is just based around San Francisco, we actually employ a global workforce and bring jobs actually back from around the world to rural America.    And so I think that the smartphone technology, sort of powered by this global Internet economy, is bringing rural economy into the global economy as well. And so I think there is a wide variety of things it can do. All sorts of information in my notes here. But most importantly, things are really great right now, and I would say the most important thing we should work on is let us not screw it up. Things are actually really awesome. We do not need a ton of help. I would say patent reform, innovation reform, even tax reform things could help, but by and large, the main thing is let us just keep the party going. So thank you so much.    Chairwoman RADEWAGEN. And now Dr. Greene?    Mr. BARRETT. Sure. Well, actually, I just flew from there yesterday, and it is in rural Michigan, in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by trees and one ski hill. It happened randomly. We had a contractor that we hired remotely, and then we had a problem. And we were like, ``Hey, we need the guy to do this.'' And he was like, ``I know a guy.'' And then that became two people, then it became four, and now it is like basically hundreds.    And so I would say we have brought millions of dollars of economic activity to this tiny town. We are working with the local government, with the mayor and the city developers there, and so I would say we view Ironwood, Michigan, as a true partner in the business, and a really critical sort of secret weapon that we employ to compete aggressively with our Silicon Valley peers, but also the enterprise incumbents.    Chairwoman RADEWAGEN. Dr. Greene, in your testimony, you state that peer learning about technology tools for small businesses is critically important. What recommendations would you make to policymakers to encourage the use of these tools, specifically mobile technology, such as apps?    Mr. BARRETT. Happy to help.    Mr. BARRETT. Sure. I think there are sort of two aspects of immigration reform. One is that immigrants are historically much more likely to start businesses than nonimmigrants. I think 40 percent of the Fortune 500 has been founded by immigrants or children of immigrants. And so I think if we are trying to drive the growth in the small business economy, the number one thing we can do, Trump's comments notwithstanding, is to encourage legal immigration, because legal immigrants are the best and the brightest. And so we want to encourage this.    Secondarily, I would say the truly best and the brightest are H1B visa holders. These are basically the finest people that we can find around the world. If we are going to let anybody in, that would be the people that we should definitely emphasize. And I know that as a small business, we compete very aggressively with, again, our peers and our incumbents. And the number one tool that we have in doing that is hiring. And so I think that hiring is, as I mentioned, rural Michigan for us is really key because we find the right people for the right position, but also, we search around the world for the best people. And so I think improving or raising the cap on H1Bs can help not just Silicon Valley, but I think many businesses, compete more aggressively. In addition to just increasing immigration overall, I think we will drive more small business growth.