    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here. This is a very important subject, as we see ticking behind your heads and on the sides here. This is a huge challenge that we need to address, and we need to face. And I really do want to thank the witnesses for appearing here today.    I especially wanted to thank our previous panel. Congressman McClintock has shown incredible leadership on this issue. I am proud to be a cosponsor of the Default Prevention Act and was pleased to see it passed last October. I hope we can continue to push on that.    I have been more than frustrated with the Administration's apparent desire to increase our debt, and their disinterest in having serious conversations about reducing long-term spending, such as making reforms to our entitlement programs that we all know need to be discussed.    My first question I am going to address to Dr. Mitchell and maybe if somebody else wants to jump in as well.    But as we learned from the committee's report, the Administration is able to prioritize debt payments. In fact, they made plans to do so, but failed to share them with Congress and the American people.    Given the fact that Treasury is capable of prioritizing debt payments over other obligations, wouldn't it make sense for Congress to mandate that debt payments should be prioritized in the event the debt ceiling is reached, to ensure that America does not default on its sovereign debt?    Mr. Hultgren. Can I ask you a question on this just to clarify? Because I think so much of our economy is confidence-driven. It is consumer confidence. And so it really goes back to, by doing something like this this, it is sending a message out there that you don't have to worry, this is taken care of, we have the resources to pay for it.    So although you might be right in saying we can do this, I just think it sends that clear message that we will do this, that we are going to make sure that we are going to protect the American people, that our credit is important, that we are going to pay our bills. So I want to just--and maybe--    Mr. Hultgren. So we could do it. But by passing it, it just kind of makes that very clear. And I think it adds to that consumer confidence. And we have seen these threats, we have seen people abuse it, quite honestly on both sides, to push things through quickly without having the proper discussion or debate.    Dr. de Rugy, did you have any thoughts on that?    Ms. de Rugy. No. I agree. But I also think a lot of the time it is like a false debate, because it is implied that all that the government can do or Treasury can do at a time of reaching the debt ceiling is pay P&I. And what we have seen time and again is actually there is enough revenue not only to pay P&I, but also to pay other obligations.    We have also seen, because it has been written up by GAO and it has been fact checked many times during the 2011 debate, that actually they could pay Social Security. And this is what I meant by scare tactics.    So the idea that all we could do is P&I is usually, actually, a false debate. Of course, if we reached a point where P&I is so big because we have let the government grow so far, then we have bigger problems.    Mr. Hultgren. Let me flip it around really quick. There is, I guess, agreement that there is flexibility already there. There is ability and some misinformation, I think, of what the Treasury can do and can't do.    I guess to flip the question around, is there any valid reason for not supporting legislation instructing the Administration to prioritize payments to avoid defaulting on the Nation's sovereign debt? Wouldn't it be irresponsible not to do this in the event that the debt ceiling were reached?    Ms. de Rugy. I guess no, it would actually end the debate.    Mr. Hultgren. Yes?    Mr. Hultgren. My time has pretty much expired.    Did you have one last thing to say?    Mr. Hultgren. Yes, I think that is a good idea.    My time has expired. I yield back. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.