    Mr. Meadows. The Subcommittee on Government Operations will come to order. And without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    The Office of National Drug Control Policy, or the ONDCP, is charged with guiding the big picture strategy for addressing illicit drug problems here in this country and the consequences thereof. I think we can all agree that this is a problem that merits meaningful solutions. And over the years, we as a Nation have tried a variety of approaches to address the illicit drug problem. From its launch in 1988 to the last reauthorization in 2006, and still today, the ONDCP has been intimately involved in the spectrum of drug control efforts.    Today's hearing will take a look at the ONDCP, particularly since its last reauthorization, which expired at the end of fiscal year 2010. There are important questions for consideration. One, has the ONDCP evolved to match the evolution in our Nation's drug control strategies? Two, what is the value of this office and is it correctly placed and appropriately resourced to fulfill those functions?    And earlier this year, the agency actually sent a letter to Chairman Chaffetz and Ranking Member Cummings and their counterparts in the Senate, and the letter included proposed language for reauthorization of the ONDCP, and today's hearing will focus also and discuss that proposal.    We will also hear testimony from the Director of National Drug Control Policy, Mr. Botticelli, who will speak knowledgeably to the work that is being done there as well as the proposed authorization language. And as we look at this, these proposed changes to the authorization of the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas program, referred to as the HIDTA program, now, the HIDTA program has been a leader in bringing together local, State, national, and tribal law enforcement entities to reduce the supply of illegal drugs by targeting and disrupting drug-trafficking organizations. I might note that in that particular area, we are very familiar with that with local law enforcement in western North Carolina, as we have one of those areas that has that cooperation.    The ONDCP changes would allow for the use of the HIDTA funds for engaging in prevention and treatment efforts. Previously, only limited HIDTA funds would be used for prevention efforts and no funds were permitted for treatment. So in response to this proposal, the National HIDTA Directors Association wrote to members of the Oversight Committee suggesting a compromise that would allow for the use of funds for prevention and treatment, but with a cap. I imagine that the congressional liaison for the National HIDTA Directors Association, Mr. Kelley, will be able to provide further explanation on that letter and the proposed language.    And so we look forward to hearing from you and all the witnesses today. And I would now recognize Mr. Connolly, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Government Operations, for his opening statement.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Maryland, the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Cummings, for his opening statement.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman for his insightful and, I guess, personal words, as it brings it home up close and personal for all of us. I thank the ranking member for that.    I would hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any member who would like to submit a written statement.    Mr. Meadows. And the chair has noted the presence of the gentleman from Ohio, earlier has checked in, Mr. Turner, a member of the full committee, and his interest in this particular topic is important. He has stepped out for an Armed Services hearing, but will be back joining us. So without objection, we welcome Mr. Turner to participate fully in today's hearing. Seeing no objection, so ordered.    We will now recognize our panel of witnesses. And I'm pleased to welcome the Honorable Michael Botticelli. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. Botticelli. All right. I'll try to get that better. The Director of the National----    Mr. Meadows. I got you. I got you.    The Director of the National Drug Control Policy at the Office of National Drug Control Policy.    Welcome.    Mr. David Kelley, the congressional liaison at HIDTA, which is the National High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Directors Association. And Mr. David Maurer, Director of Justice and Law Enforcement Issues at the GAO.    Welcome to you all.    And pursuant to committee rules, we would ask all witnesses be sworn in before they testify, so if you would please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. You may be seated.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    And in order to allow time for discussion, please limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes, if you would, but your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    And, Mr. Botticelli----    Mr. Meadows. --we will recognize you for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you very much for your testimony.    Mr. Kelley, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Kelley, for your testimony.    Mr. Maurer.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you so much. I appreciate the fact that you acknowledge maybe deficiencies, but also areas where performance was good. So thank you for that balanced testimony.    The chair is going to recognize the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Walberg, for his 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. We were commenting that the----    Mr. Meadows. --the accent is a little bit----    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Turner for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman for his insightful and well-informed questions, and so the chair now recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, my friend, Ms. Norton.    Mr. Meadows. All right. I thank the gentlewoman. Thank you, Mr. Kelley, for your response. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. The gentleman's time is expired.    Mr. Meadows. The chair will recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. If you could briefly respond, sure.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman. The chair recognizes himself for a series of questions.    Let me be real brief in terms of the introduction. I think we have a bipartisan agreement that this is something that we need to address. The question for me becomes is with the reauthorization, and some of the suggestions that have been made in that is that the appropriate place and money funding.    I can tell you that I started a nonprofit with a very good friend of mine who lost his grandson, and there is a cycle within that family of drug abuse. And so we went in and developed a nonprofit to work on the prevention side of things. And so this is something that's near and dear to my heart, but I want to--I want to go a little bit closer because I think this is all about coordination.    Mr. Maurer talked about it early on, that there is virtually little, if no coordination, among some of the agencies, and yet we spend billions of dollars. Mr. Kelley, you were talking increasing the authorization amount. I'm willing to really look at that to make sure that you have the resources necessary, but as we look at these caps, I want to make sure that we're not taking away from HIDTA, which I consider more of a law enforcement component, and spending the money on prevention and treatment when it would be better allocated in a different agency that already does prevention and treatment, okay.    And I think you're following where I'm going with this is because it gets back to the mission creep. So let me ask my tougher question to you, first, Director, and that is, is in the reauthorization language, there is talk about getting rid of the new performance reporting system. Why?    Mr. Meadows. But you came up with this new development performance system. Why get rid of it? Just cut to the chase. How do we--why are you getting rid of it?    Mr. Meadows. So how do you do that by getting rid of an evaluation program?    Mr. Meadows. So who made the mistake of doing the new performance----    Mr. Meadows. Because you created a new one, and then you're doing away with it, and I don't understand why we would do that.    Mr. Meadows. All right. Let me be clear and up front. I want you to work with GAO to keep the system of performance review in place. Make it meaningful, make it measured, because the appearance--and I just got finished saying that I'm willing to look at increasing the authorization and renewing it, but the appearance is, is that you didn't meet your performance standard, and you got rid of the program, and that's not satisfactory.    And so, do I have your commitment today to work with Mr. Maurer and the folks at GAO to make that meaningful and put that back in?    Mr. Meadows. With GAO.    Mr. Meadows. Okay.    Mr. Meadows. Performance is all about it, and if we are spending billions of dollars, and we are not getting what we need, then we need to reallocate those funds, okay?    So if you could put up the chart, and this gets back to how I opened up a little bit. This actually--I believe this chart is one that comes from the performance fiscal year 2014 or 2016, excuse me, budget and performance summary that was produced by your group, ONDCP.    So we can see there that prevention and treatment across agencies is substantially higher already. You know, I guess that's $11 billion is where that would be. And so some of the wonderful programs that have been talked about today that actually I've taken advantage of and used with grants and some of those are actually working in treatment and prevention, and you drop down to the next group, that's domestic law enforcement.    So let me--let me be specific, knowing that you have a willing participant here to help you with the reauthorization. I am very concerned that we're taking HIDTA, and we're making them a treatment and prevention group when we're already spending $11 billion in other agencies to do that, when just better coordination, as Mr. Maurer with GAO has already mentioned, would actually address that.    So what I'd like us to do is relook at that, if we can, and look at--and if we're not meeting the 5 percent cap, you know, and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia and the gentleman from Maryland had both talked about how that treatment component with HIDTA is effective, but yet we're still not meeting the 5 percent cap that's in pro, what I want to do is make sure that we're allocating the money with the proper agency to perform those functions, and not making a law enforcement officer do treatment and prevention, because I want to give him the tools to refer, but they are not in the treatment and prevention business, they are in the law enforcement business. And when you do that, it is very concerning. Will you agree with that?    Mr. Meadows. I will agree with that, but is HIDTA the best place to do that? Because I can tell you, my bias is that it's not. You can sell me. I'm waiting to hear.    Mr. Meadows. I understand that, but let me tell you, I've got a HIDTA program in three counties, and that is McDowell, Buncombe, and Henderson County in my district, and the only common thread there is transportation. You know, we're looking at main corridors coming from the south. I mean, and--and to do away with money from the HIDTA program there is not addressing the treatment or prevention aspect, because it is all about transportation, and that goes from a--both a Democrat and Republican sheriff that are working in those counties. They work better together, and to reduce their funds concerns me. So you follow my logic?    Mr. Meadows. I believe that.    Mr. Meadows. But what I'm saying is, is it could do that if we go that way. So will you readdress the reauthorizing language with that in mind and my bias, and I'll give you, after this time, because I need to go on to my other colleagues.    Mr. Meadows. You can try to sell me.    Mr. Meadows. So let me put it bluntly. Will my sheriffs agree that we need to increase the amount of money going to treatment and prevention in HIDTA and go away from them? Would they agree with that?    Mr. Meadows. Okay.    Mr. Meadows. If they object, we're going to have an issue, and I'll go to this----    Mr. Meadows. Yeah. I'll go to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, Ms. Plaskett, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentlewoman, and before I recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mr. Director, could you--why are you requesting 22 percent less for the HIDTA program?    Mr. Meadows. You were just talking about what a good job they do, so you punish them by reducing their budget by 22 percent?    Mr. Meadows. My wife was a waitress. She said appreciation is green.    Mr. Meadows. So what's it reflective of?    Mr. Meadows. So where did the other money go? Can you get that to the committee?    Mr. Meadows. Because I'm concerned.    Mr. Meadows. And I'll recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes, and a gracious 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentlewoman.    Just so you will know, we are going to do a very, very limited second round, and by very limited, we're going to--I'm going to recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin for 4 minutes, a strict 4 minutes, and then we're going to recognize Ms. Norton for a strict 4 minutes, and then do closing remarks.    The gentleman from Wisconsin is recognized for 4 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired.    The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia is recognized for 4 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Kelley, we'll give you some latitude to make that last comment, then we'll close up.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Kelley.    And I'd just like to thank all of you for your testimony, for your indulgence. It's been a very insightful hearing.    I want to--Director, we have a number of to-do items for you to get back.    It is critical, because as we look for reauthorization, as we get back into a normal budgeting process, a normal appropriations process, some of these have been appropriated without reauthorizing, as you know. Those days are growing fewer in number, and so it is more critical that we look at reauthorization, but look at meaningful budget numbers too.    I am extremely troubled, based on the testimony today, that your request is to cut a program. Now, if it's not working, cut it all out, but that's not what I heard from you. And then yet we're taking a program that what my local law enforcement officers say works with them, it's a critical tool, and we're somehow wanting to give greater flexibility--it appears that we're wanting to shift the money into prevention and treatment and ultimately do away with HIDTA. And you're going to meet great resistance in a bipartisan way here, I think, if that's truly the direction. And I don't want to put words in your mouth. You're very eloquent with your words.    So I just want to say thank you all for your time. I think we can make real good progress here working through. Director, you have to do, to work with GAO to make sure that we keep those performance reviews in a meaningful and statistically accurate manner.    And if there is no further business, without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.