    Ms. Matz. Thank you. Good afternoon, Chairman Neugebauer, Ranking Member Clay, and subcommittee members. Thank you for inviting me to appear before you.    When I came back to NCUA as chairman in 2009, in the wake of the Great Recession, the credit union system was on the brink of collapse. To prevent this, we developed an unprecedented mechanism to securitize $50 billion in toxic corporate credit union assets. Within a few months, 351 consumer credit unions, holding nearly $52 billion in assets, were close to failing.    Compounding the situation, NCUA's budget and staffing in the years leading to the crisis had not kept pace with credit unions' growth and increasing complexity. In fact, during the 7 years leading up to the financial crisis, NCUA cut a total of 91 staff positions, even though credit union assets had increased by 73 percent. During the same period, NCUA's budget, as a percentage of credit union assets, declined by 35 percent. NCUA was understaffed and underresourced.    We soon rectified these problems while preventing any unnecessary budget and staffing growth. To efficiently manage shifting workloads, we reallocated existing resources wherever possible. For example, to provide more supervision to credit unions that pose greater risks to the Share Insurance Fund, we have reallocated exam hours away from smaller credit unions towards larger ones, rather than simply adding new examiners.    The NCUA budget is developed from the bottom up each year, using a zero-based budgeting process. Every office in the agency must justify its staffing level and each expenditure. Through this process, we efficiently allocate resources towards priorities detailed in NCUA's strategic plan. The full plan and budget details are posted on our website.    NCUA leads financial institution regulators in budget transparency. Our website contains a dedicated budget resource center that includes annual fund audits, budget summaries and slides, office-by-office spending plans, and a host of other budget information exceeding what other financial regulators disclose.    Among my top priorities are providing transparency and communicating effectively with all stakeholders. To this end, I have held 18 in-person listening sessions, hosted 11 online townhall webinars, and crisscrossed the country speaking to and meeting with tens of thousands of credit union officials representing every State. This is one of the most important aspects of my job because I receive the most useful feedback when I hear from the people who actually run credit unions.    I heard their comments about our exam process. I heard we needed to target regulations to risks. I heard our member business loan rule was too prescriptive. I heard we should remove the cap on fixed assets. I heard we needed to improve how we designate low-income credit unions. I heard we needed to streamline how we approve fields of membership. And I heard we needed to reduce burdens on small credit unions.    So, I am here to tell you we listened, and we acted. We relieved unnecessary burdens as we have modernized our regulations. The NCUA Board remains committed to providing regulatory relief that does not compromise safety and soundness. We continue to act on all practical suggestions as we move toward a principles-based regulatory framework and enhance credit union powers within our authority.    As NCUA eases regulatory burdens and responds to emerging risks, our supervision budget and staff must keep pace with credit unions' growth and complexity. Reports by GAO and our inspector general underscore this need.    Today, key credit union system metrics have recovered to pre-crisis levels. And, notably, the percentage of assets in troubled credit unions has been reduced to a manageable level, down to just 1 percent. The recovering economy is, in part, responsible for the improvements in credit union performance. Credit is also due to the CEOs, managers, and boards who make tough choices to keep their credit unions solvent, as well as the NCUA staff who supervised credit unions under very difficult circumstances.    We are now on the right track. Both the credit union system and NCUA are in remarkably better condition than when I became chairman. I will continue working to protect the safety and soundness of credit unions and protect the 100 million account holders who are federally insured by NCUA. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Matz. Certainly. And to your point about the FDIC versus the NCUA budget, FDIC has two budgets: a resolution budget; and an operating budget. During the crisis, the resolution budget went up very dramatically and has been coming down. But when you look at their budgets combined or their operating budget in isolation, it has been very comparable to ours throughout the past probably 5 or 10 years. So we are on parity with the way the FDIC has been operating in terms of its budget increases.    But during the crisis, we lost 102 credit unions, which cost the credit union system about $750 million. We have been doing everything we can to make sure that doesn't happen again. I believe that the reason we lost those 102 credit unions was because our staff simply did not have the resources to supervise them effectively heading into the crisis and during the crisis because we were down by 91 employees at the time that I got there. And so, it was my intent to make sure that we have the resources that we need to protect the safety and soundness of the growing industry.    In front of you, you will see slide 3, which shows you our budget as a percent, per million dollars, of federally-insured credit union assets. And you can see that it was way down, when we had the budget hearings. It was way down. And it has trended up somewhat. But it is still considerably lower than where we were in the year 2000. At that point, our budget was $328 per million dollars of federally-insured assets and now it is $249. So, I think we are operating very effectively.    But we need to keep ahead of the complexity of the industry. I have said many times that NCUA should not be holding the industry back. And the industry, the credit union industry, needs to stay competitive. And so, they need to be providing electronic services to their members. They want--they asked for and we gave them derivative authority to hedge interest rate risk. They need more flexibility in the way they do business. Just today, at our Board meeting, we eliminated the cap on their fixed-asset investments.    Ms. Matz. In fact, there was a series of material loss reviews. So, it depends on which one you look at. But their capping report, which summarized all of the material loss reviews, said we were not detecting problems early enough. And they did not comment on our staffing level. But we have held the staffing level constant for the past 4 years. So, our intent is not to increase the staff. We have been reallocating our workload, so that we have taken examiners from small credit unions and reassigned them to larger credit unions so that we can do our job effectively without increasing the staff.    Ms. Matz. It is not contradictory. In fact, because the number of assets and the complexity of the credit unions has gone up more rapidly than the number of credit unions has declined. And if you have more complex institutions, you need to have staff who are well-trained to supervise those institutions.    Ms. Matz. Thank you for that question. When I came onto the Board in 2009, one of my top goals was to improve transparency and communication with all of our stakeholders. And to that end, I began to hold listening sessions around the country. I have held 18 of them. I started holding virtual townhall meetings through webinars. I have held 11 of them. In fact, I have one coming up on Tuesday that was planned quite a while ago. And I have crisscrossed the country meeting with credit unions. I find it more effective to hear from the people who run the credit unions.    When we held the hearings when I was on the Board last time, typically what we had were three or four representatives from the trade associations who read statements prepared by the trade associations. And the statements were consistent across the witnesses and through the years. And the message was cut your budget, cut the number of examiners, cut the time you spend in the credit unions. That was not productive. It was not constructive in terms of developing our budget.    What is constructive is when I go out and talk to the credit union officials and I find out what things are really on their minds and how we can respond so that they can do their jobs better. But in terms of transparency, we have a budget resource website that has all of our budget advisory memos that are given to each of the Board members, describing in detail what the budget is. We have line-by-line budgets for each office in the agency. We have our audits from our accounting firms. It goes on. There are dozens of things on our website. I don't really think there is much on our website that doesn't answer every possible question, including frequently asked questions. No other financial institutions regulator does that. And no other financial institutions regulator holds hearings on its budget.    Ms. Matz. I don't think it would enhance our budget process at all. In fact, our budget has a minimal impact on the credit unions themselves. Our budget, as a percentage of the actual credit union expenditures, is less than 0.02 percent. It is a very minimal amount. So, I don't think they are adversely impacted at all by our budget.    Ms. Matz. I can tell you, as I said, I have crisscrossed the country and met with tens of thousands of credit union officials. And I really can't remember getting a question about the transparency or really about our budget in general. Now that the trades have whipped this up as an issue, you might be hearing about it. But I can tell you in all the years that I have been on the Board, meeting with credit union officials, this is not one of the issues that has come up.    Ms. Matz. I didn't know that you had it. I had no idea.    Ms. Matz. Sir, I should point out to you that when I learned, just recently, that that redacted version was on our website--and I have to say I was somewhat shocked by it myself--I discussed it with the staff and the unredacted version will be going up. However, I should point out--    Ms. Matz. Yesterday.    Ms. Matz. I guess it was just a discussion of the things that were on our website about--    Ms. Matz. No. No. I was discussing with the staff what we have on our website that affects our budget and wanted to see it.    But what I wanted to say is that subsequent to that, in 2013, we did have a study by PricewaterhouseCoopers--    Ms. Matz. Our general counsel's office.    Ms. Matz. I wasn't aware of it.    Ms. Matz. I don't.    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. Yes. I got the irony.    Ms. Matz. Do you want me to answer the question?    Ms. Matz. Our general counsel has advised that we do not need to publish it. However, in my written testimony I indicate that we are, in fact, going to publish the formula for review and comment.    Ms. Matz. Not at this time.    Ms. Matz. We can put it up as soon as--    Ms. Matz. It would increase the communications, but it would not be effective.    Ms. Matz. That is correct.    Ms. Matz. That is correct.    Ms. Matz. No.    Ms. Matz. I make it my business to go out and meet with the people who run the credit unions and have significant dialogues with them on any issue that they would like to discuss. When we had budget hearings in the past, we were just hearing from the trade associations, from one representative from each trade association. We were not hearing from the people who have their funds in the credit unions or really from the people who run the credit unions.    Ms. Matz. When you say ``they'' are paying for, I assume you mean the credit unions. And I would take exception to that. Credit unions are cooperatives that are owned by their members. They can only raise capital through retained earnings.    Ms. Matz. Yes. But it is not their money. We assess the credit unions. But it is the members who own the credit unions. And it is the members' funds. And if we don't have adequate resources, we can't protect those funds.    Ms. Matz. No. That is not true.    Ms. Matz. I disagree with that.    Ms. Matz. I don't believe that the credit unions necessarily represent the members. And if they did, they wouldn't be asking us to cut our budget because I think the members would like us to protect their life savings and would like us to have the resources that we need to do that adequately.    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. It is a sensitive compartmentalized information facility, known as an SCIF. And we are required to have it by Executive Order so that we can communicate sensitive information.    Ms. Matz. There is somebody there every day monitoring it.    Ms. Matz. It cost over a million dollars. I don't know exactly how much.    Ms. Matz. We knew what the cost was going in, and we knew we were complying with an Executive Order and that we can't receive or disseminate classified information without it. We can't do our job without it.    Ms. Matz. Correct. In this--    Ms. Matz. Because if there is classified information to be transmitted, we wouldn't be able to either transmit or receive it. We would have to go to somebody else's facility. In other words, before we had it, we would have to go to the Treasury Department, for instance, in order to be part of the classified discussion, in order to receive the information. And so now, just like all of the other Federal financial regulators, we have that facility on the premises.    Ms. Matz. I think I do.    Ms. Matz. Our analysis is that if we had that risk-based capital proposal in effect prior to the crisis, we wouldn't have lost all of the credit unions that we lost during the crisis. I don't have the exact number with me, but I can get it for you.    Ms. Matz. Is that what you were asking?    Ms. Matz. Back-testing has shown that had we had that in place, it would have caught a large number of those 102 failed credit unions, in fact. First of all, we are required by statute to have a risk-based capital rule comparable to the other financial regulators. And so, this is meeting our statutory responsibility. But we have modified the rule. We feel that it is important to have a forward-looking indicator. So it was not intended to really catch credit unions now. It was intended to get them to start planning so that they monitor the risks in their portfolios and have sufficient capital to cover those risks going forward.    Ms. Matz. Thank you. We studied the issues exhaustively between the first and second proposal, which is why it was almost completely rewritten in response to the comments we got from Members of Congress and from the credit unions. So, I don't intend to delay it. We are reviewing the comments that we have gotten. And the ones that are substantive, and we are responding to, are mostly positive. There were a lot of form letters, mostly form letters, and most of them simply stated: Don't pass another risk-based capital rule. We do have a statutory responsibility to go forward.    Ms. Matz. I feel like we have gotten it right.    Ms. Matz. The comments are mostly form letters saying we don't need a risk-based capital rule. So they really weren't very constructive or prescriptive. But we have studied it. I don't know what more we can study. We have studied it in-depth. And we feel that this is a very fair rule that will not immediately impact more than about 20 credit unions which can either raise more capital or shift some of the risk out of their portfolios. For the rest of the credit unions, it actually adds to their capital or net worth.    Ms. Matz. 6,100.    Ms. Matz. I have heard a lot from the trade associations about it. But when I go out and talk to the credit unions, up until now I really have not heard about it at all.    Ms. Matz. Thank you. Many of the risk weights that we have are comparable to banks. In fact, about 75 or 80 percent of the assets in credit unions would be weighted exactly the same as they are for banks. And I think another 15 or so percent would actually be weighted less than they are for banks. So we are pretty comparable to how the banks are risk-weighted.    Ms. Matz. We have exempted credit unions that are under $100 million because they are not complex. But for the complex credit unions, yes, I do.    Ms. Matz. If there is one thing that keeps me up at night, it is the cyber threat, and our lack of vendor authority. We are the only financial banking regulator that does not have vendor authority. It really ties our hands in being able to make sure that the system is secure. So we are requesting the legislative authority because if we see a red flag, we need to be able to go in and examine, supervise that third party, and, if there is a problem, to get them to correct it, and to let credit unions know about it. We simply don't have that authority now.    Ms. Matz. We have a budget resource page on our website which has very extensive information. I don't know any other financial institutions regulator that provides any budget information on their website or at least it might be minimal. But we provide very extensive information on our website. I believe we are more transparent than any other Federal financial institutions regulator in terms of our budget.    Ms. Matz. NCUA has the authority to permit credit unions to raise supplemental capital, but only for the purposes of their risk-based capital ratio. And that is not included in our risk-based capital proposal. So at the time that we finalize it, we intend to put out a proposed rule which would permit credit unions to raise supplemental capital for the purposes of their risk-based capital ratio.    Ms. Matz. Credit unions now operate under a statutory cap, which I feel is very arbitrary.    Ms. Matz. The cap is 1.75 times net worth, required to be well-capitalized. And so, as a regulator, I would like to see credit unions diversify their portfolios. I think business lending is an important part of that portfolio.    Ms. Matz. I just felt as a regulator, that it was important for the safety and soundness of the system. And I was concerned about it.    Ms. Matz. I wasn't telling you what to do. I was just--    Ms. Matz. I was telling you to, yes, as a consideration so that I could do my job and protect the safety and soundness of the system.    Ms. Matz. Absolutely.    Ms. Matz. I believe that we did, yes. I don't have the information handy.    Ms. Matz. Correct.    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. We used the criteria that was set out in the Dodd-Frank Act.    Ms. Matz. The criteria that were set out based on their size, interconnectedness, their leverage.    Ms. Matz. About $65 billion.    Ms. Matz. Not within the financial system, but certainly within the credit union system. What I am saying is that it is systemically important to our fund in the credit union system. But it would not be considered systemically important to the entire financial services system.    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. The financial institutions that have prudential regulators are not considered as SIFIs under the FSOC designations. Those are for nonbank institutions.    Ms. Matz. We look at mainly their leverage, their interconnectedness.    Ms. Matz. That is right.    Ms. Matz. I think that is why the Act was written the way it was, where it brings diversity, and we bring our individual perspectives. And we get briefed by the staff. We get information from the entity. And then we each make up our respective minds.    Ms. Matz. Asset managers? We are now looking at the asset manager activities rather than designating specific asset managers--    Ms. Matz. Pardon me?    Ms. Matz. We are looking at the activities that they perform. And there might be activities that are systematically risky. But we have not finished that analysis at this point.    Ms. Matz. We are looking at all the asset managers.    Ms. Matz. I would rather not. We are looking at all the asset managers. We are not, I am one member--    Ms. Matz. Pardon?    Ms. Matz. We are not designating asset managers. We are looking at the activities of asset managers. And until I am briefed on it, I don't have an opinion.    Ms. Matz. No. But we are not designating asset managers now. We are looking at the activities of the asset managers. And that is a long way off. We are only beginning to have those studies done.    Ms. Matz. I think if we finally got to the designation, we wouldn't make that designation unless we believed that. And I certainly wouldn't support it unless I believed that.    Ms. Matz. It is managing the assets of individuals.    Ms. Matz. Correct.    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. They are--    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. To the best of my knowledge, it is.    Ms. Matz. We provided some slides. Just in reference to that last question, slide 1 shows the decline in federally-insured credit unions since 1990. And you can see the trajectory started in the early 1990s and has just continued after Dodd-Frank. It did not start with Dodd-Frank. So, personally, I don't think Dodd-Frank was related to credit union failures. But it is a sad story. And it is one that has been very frustrating to me because we lose about 250 credit unions a year. And that has been consistent for the past 20 years. It is a result, I think, of not being able to achieve economies of scale, of not being competitive in the marketplace. Frequently a manager who has been running the credit union for 25 years decides to retire, and there is no succession plan. And the Board realizes that their members could probably be better served by merging. So, the vast majority are voluntary mergers.    We have an Office of Small Credit Union Initiatives, which I helped to create when I was on the Board last time, which works with small credit unions and provides free consulting services for them. And they have helped about 600 credit unions grow from the definition of small to large. So, in that number there, that includes some credit unions, I believe--I might be wrong--but there are about 600 credit unions that aren't considered small anymore because now they are over the limit.    But it is a source of frustration because small credit unions frequently are located in areas where there are no other insured financial service institutions. And so we really try to work hard and do a lot of hand-holding and we have exempted small credit unions from a number of our regs so that we can--where we can--mitigate the regulatory burden on them.    Ms. Matz. I haven't seen any evidence of it.    Ms. Matz. I just haven't seen evidence of it. I know that there is a burden on small credit unions. There is a burden on all credit unions. Small credit unions have a very difficult time dealing with the regulatory burden, but it is the regulatory burden in general. It is not necessarily NCUA.    The one I hear most about is BSA. They have a great deal of difficulty complying with BSA. So if I had to pick one, that would be the one that I hear most about.    But I just can't answer that. I just don't know, but it is very frustrating to me that we are losing so many small credit unions. And we work hard to meet with them and to see if there are ways that we can change our policies so that we can help them out.    Ms. Matz. I would welcome the opportunity to do that.    Ms. Matz. I would like to do that.    Ms. Matz. They are a concern on the one hand because it is fraud. But in terms of the impact on the Share Insurance Fund, it is a minimal impact. But, yes, unfortunately, mostly the fraud occurs in small credit unions because they tend not to have internal controls or have very few internal controls. So--    Ms. Matz. It is.    Ms. Matz. I believe we are, yes. The fraud--    Ms. Matz. None. We are not planning to add any more people. We are reallocating resources, but we don't intend to add any. We intend to train people differently, but we are not planning to add any more.    Ms. Matz. The fraud failure?    Ms. Matz. We have given our examiners more training on dealing with fraud, and we have provided certifications for a number of examiners, fraud certification.    Ms. Matz. It is ongoing.    Ms. Matz. We couldn't validate the individual stress testing that they are doing, and so we weren't. They are our largest credit unions and they certainly pose, each individually and certainly as a group, a large risk to the Share Insurance Fund. We needed to make sure that they are holding sufficient capital, and so we are doing the stress tests now. But after 3 years, when we have a record and know how they operate, they can apply to us to then just do their own stress testing.    Ms. Matz. No. We contract that work out.    Ms. Matz. No, that is correct. That is correct.    Ms. Matz. For the contract? It is $4 million.    Ms. Matz. I think that is very important, yes.    Ms. Matz. For the smaller ones, the $250 on-the-spot awards, it is the first-level supervisor. They can only give a certain budgeted amount each year. So, that is somewhat prescribed. They can't just keep giving them. They only have a certain number that they can give. The larger it is, the more signoffs they need on it.    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. That is a good question. I believe I--    Ms. Matz. I believe I awarded $2,500 to my chief of staff, who had not received a pay raise in 5 years.    Ms. Matz. I'm sorry?    Ms. Matz. And I provided a cash award to my administrative assistant, and I believe that was either $1,000 or $1,500.    Ms. Matz. It was probably a year ago.    Ms. Matz. I don't know, but it is on our internal website. We post it so our employees are aware of who is getting awards.    Ms. Matz. I don't know. As I said, we have a total amount, a prescribed amount, beyond which the agency can't go.    Ms. Matz. I'm sorry.    Ms. Matz. Correct.    Ms. Matz. Correct.    Ms. Matz. I would say that they are bonuses to people who work very hard to protect the safety and soundness of the deposits that members have in their credit union, and that when people go above and beyond, they deserve to be recognized so that we can retain our talented employees.    Ms. Matz. I have no idea.    Ms. Matz. I am sure they give bonuses to their employees as well, using their members' money.    Ms. Matz. Sure.    Ms. Matz. Absolutely.    Ms. Matz. I would have to get back to you on that, sir.    Ms. Matz. It deals with the fact that the CFPB examines financial institutions over $10 billion. Our Office of Consumer Protection does fair lending exams on credit unions of all other sizes, which we are required to do by law.    Ms. Matz. They impact them, sure.    Ms. Matz. As I said, they do exams, fair lending exams, which the CFPB doesn't do. They also respond to consumer complaints about their credit unions because CFPB only handles complaints on institutions above $10 billion.    Ms. Matz. I don't know. I would have to go back and look at it.    Ms. Matz. And I would be happy to come up and discuss this with you once I get briefed on it and understand it myself.    Ms. Matz. We have 9 percent turnover, so they are constantly putting out vacancy announcements, arranging interviews, doing outreach, handling all of our benefits. I can't--    Ms. Matz. I can't defend the exact number, but I am just telling you what they do.    Ms. Matz. They also handle all of the training for our examiners, so that is part of their budget. And the contracting also includes the hotels that they use for the training.    Ms. Matz. I have, and the parameters of our rule are exempted from the CFPB rule. They didn't exempt our rules explicitly, but they wrote it so that our--    Ms. Matz. No.    Ms. Matz. No. Our product is an alternative because it can only be a maximum of--    Ms. Matz. They are looking at the predatory loans, which are maybe 300 percent, and the credit union loans have a maximum APR of 28 percent. So we provide guidance so that credit unions can make those loans in a way that competes with the more expensive loans, but is much more reasonable for their members.    Ms. Matz. Thank you, yes. And thank you also for your sponsoring the IOLTA Parity bill. Yes, we certainly support that legislation, and in fact, in the risk-based capital rule, we treat the one to four residential units as consumer loans rather than business loans. But that is as far as we can go because of the statute. So, we would welcome that relief.    Ms. Matz. Thank you for asking that. Yes, there are several things that can be done, but probably the most impact would occur if community charters would be allowed to take on underserved areas. That would help keep the Federal charter competitive and would provide relief to a number of community charters, which really would like to take on underserved areas, but can't do it. And it really makes no sense. I can't figure out any reason for it. And we hate to say no, but we have no choice.    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. The credit unions in asking for budget hearings and telling us that we need to cut our budget and cut our exam hours are not representing the best interest of their members.    Ms. Matz. Yes, it is.    Ms. Matz. No, I would expect them to want to have--    Ms. Matz. Not in that way. That is not protecting the members' money, sir.    Ms. Matz. Credit unions by and large haven't been asking for this. It is the trade associations.    Ms. Matz. I can't answer that. You would have to ask them.    Ms. Matz. Credit unions--when they ask us to cut our exam hours--are not representing the best interest of their members.    Ms. Matz. I am.    Ms. Matz. How are they guarding your money?    Ms. Matz. I go out all the time and speak to credit union officials and board members. I have been doing this for 6 years in this term and 4 years in the last term. And I can tell you, the NCUA budget is not something that comes up. They talk about our regulations.    Ms. Matz. But it doesn't come up with me.    Ms. Matz. That is what I am saying.    Ms. Matz. I don't think the credit unions really care about--    Ms. Matz. We are an independent regulator, and while it might have a good intention, I don't think it is good government to have the people who are regulated trying to participate in the budget-making process of the regulator, the regulator who determines how many exam hours it needs and where those hours are going.    Ms. Matz. Because I think it is influencing, negatively influencing. When I was on the Board last time--    Ms. Matz. I am fine with the way it is.    Ms. Matz. An independent regulator is not answerable to the entities it regulates.    Ms. Matz. I am fine the way it is.