    Mr. Marciel. Thank you, Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, and members of the committee. It is a privilege to testify before you today. Promoting democracy and human rights is not something we do on the margins. It is an integral part of our daily diplomacy in Asia, particularly, of course, in countries that either are not democracies, or where democracy is fragile. My generation joining the Foreign Service and heading to Asia three decades ago, went to a region where democracy were few and, in the case of Southeast Asia, were nonexistent. Now, a majority of Southeast Asians live in democracies in places like the Philippines, Indonesia and Timor-Leste. South Korea, Taiwan, and Mongolia have democratized as well, and others have made progress along the democratic path.    In all of these places, the people of those nations deserve the credit. They are the ones who made democracy happen. But the United States strongly supported all of these democratic transitions, and we are not stopping. I will talk about what we are doing in three very different places, Cambodia, Thailand, and Hong Kong.    But, first, if I could, I would add a few words to Assistant Secretary Malinowski's review of Burma. And I just want to stress there that our engagement in Burma and with Burma is all about their efforts to achieve a successful democratic transition. That has been and remains the focus of our work at all levels.    On Cambodia, after the 2013 parliamentary election, we, and particularly our Embassy in Phnom Penh, were instrumental in helping bring the government and opposition together in direct dialogue to resolve a year-long standoff. There is still much work to do, but now the two sides sit in Parliament together. And we are supporting the Cambodian people as they work to build on these gains. We are supporting civil society. We are connecting directly with Cambodia's next generation of leaders. And we stand with the Cambodians who are pushing for a voice as new laws are drafted. This sends a reminder that democracy isn't only about free elections. It is also about citizens' ability to hold their governments accountable.    Next, Thailand, a long-time friend and treaty ally. We have stood for democracy there through a decade of political turmoil, and our message to the government since the coup just over a year ago has been clear. We are eager to see our bilateral relationship restored to its fullest potential, but this can happen only when democracy is restored.    Until then, we will hold back certain assistance that has been suspended since the coup. But we will continue, however, to operate closely with the Thai on regional and global issues, that serve U.S. interests such as health, law enforcement, trafficking, climate change, regional security. In our interactions with the Thai, we continually stress that it is important for Thailand to have an inclusive political process and to fully restore civil liberties. This is essential to the open debate the country needs to have about its political future.    My third example is Hong Kong, where we have consistently voiced our core belief that an open society that respects the rights of its citizens and fundamental freedoms is essential to Hong Kong's continued stability and prosperity. We expect the legislative council to vote this month on an electoral reform package. While Hong Kong has never selected a chief executive through universal suffrage, we continue to voice our longstanding position that the legitimacy of the chief executive and of Hong Kong's overall governance can be enhanced through a competitive election that features a meaningful choice of candidates who represent the will of the voters.    Our position is a matter of principle, so we don't take a position on any particular draft law. We leave that question to Hong Kong's legislators in consultation with the people of Hong Kong. Irrespective of the outcome of any single legislative vote, we will keep supporting Hong Kong's continued high degree of autonomy, under ``one country, two systems'' and the basic law.    We admire all that so many people in Asia have done to promote democracy and good governance. Their work is never complete, but in our everyday diplomacy, we will continue to do all we can as a friend and as a reliable partner to support efforts to build and strengthen democracy.    Finally, let me emphasize that trade and investment, especially TPP, are important, are key to supporting a U.S. economy and to our efforts to promote democracy in the region. Thank you and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Marciel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I think, broadly speaking, in our relations with China and our very regular conversations with China, human rights and democracy issues come up. We raise them often, certainly, about human rights concerns in China itself to begin with.    In terms of Hong Kong, as I said, we have been strong supporters of the ``one country, two systems'' and the basic law, as you know. We have said that Beijing's decision last August in terms of the way of nominating potential candidates for the chief executive office, we said could have gone further in providing Hong Kong's 5 million potential voters a meaningful choice of candidates. So we have said that publicly. And we have said that the legitimacy of the chief executive will be greatly enhanced if the chief executive is elected by universal suffrage in accordance with the basic law, and the aspirations of the Hong Kong people, and the election provides for a genuine choice of candidates. So I won't try to predict exactly when we will say things, but that has been our consistent position privately and publicly, and I expect we will continue to express it.    Mr. Marciel. Thank you, Congressman.    I guess I would start by saying that, you know, in China, as elsewhere, we are strong believers in and advocates for freedom of expression, freedom of information, transparency.    Mr. Marciel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We actually have a very good coordination with DOD, with the Pentagon, as well as with the NFC. So our policy on Thailand is decided through an interagency process, including a meeting this week that we already had where we touched on this. So it is an interagency process.    And on Cobra Gold, specifically, we decided, as you know, for this Cobra Gold earlier this year, we decided last year to hold it because of its importance to us. But also, frankly, regionally, it is a multilateral exercise. So we decided to hold it in a scaled-down version with an enhanced focus on humanitarian assistance, disaster relief.    At this point, what we decided going forward is to go ahead with the preparation for 2016 Cobra Gold. For the same reasons, also would be scaled down in light of the political situation in Thailand.    Mr. Marciel. Thank you, Congressman.    I will say a couple of things first. I don't think we have exact numbers--nor the U.N.--have exact numbers yet. But overall----    Mr. Marciel. I think somewhere in between. The best information we have is that it is a mixed, probably majority Rohingya from Burma but a significant minority Bangladeshi. Again, we don't have exact numbers, but that is our best sense.    And, also, our best sense is that those leaving Bangladesh tend to be looking for better, more economic opportunities whereas those leaving Rakhine State in Burma, it is a combination of, you know, a bad economic situation, but also discrimination, persecution, lack of rights.