    Mr. Murphy. Good morning. Today we convene the first meeting of this session of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigation of the 114th Congress. I welcome back Members who served here last session, particularly, my friend and colleague, Diana DeGette, the ranking member from Colorado, and the new members from the 114th Congress, which we hope, as we come up, you may introduce them today, and I will introduce ours on our side.    The subcommittee is here to examine a very serious U.S. public health response to seasonal influenza. America is experiencing a severe flu season with an unstable predominant strain that could result in one of the deadliest and costliest flu seasons in recent memory. An estimated 50,000 people will die. Over 200,000 will be hospitalized, and most of these will be senior citizens.    Last February, when public health officials needed to decide what strains would go into this year's seasonal flu vaccine, the FDA bet on the wrong predominant strain. Just a few weeks after the FDA's decision, doubts were already beginning to creep in the scientific community about the FDA's decision. By September, the U.S. vaccine was such a poor match for the dominant strain of flu that the World Health Organization, with consultation from the CDC, revised the vaccine formula, but not for the United States. It was changed for the Southern Hemisphere nations. In other words, the American people were stuck with a vaccine that wasn't going to work for nearly 4 out of 5 people, and for nearly 9 out of 10 seniors. Despite a growing body of knowledge that the vaccine for the United States would not be effective, production went forward anyway for a number of reasons that we hope to discuss today.    With a mismatched strain, this year's vaccine is estimated to be only 23 percent effective. It is even lower for the elderly at 12 percent. While this season's vaccine has a lower-than-usual effectiveness, CDC is still recommending vaccinations for everyone 6 months or older. In addition to vaccination, CDC has also recommended that all high-risk patients should be treated with antiviral drugs as soon as possible when influenza is suspected.    So what are agencies doing to communicate with the public? Many are choosing not to vaccinate against the flu because they hear the vaccine doesn't work, so why bother. We are seeing a similar result with measles vaccinations but for very different reasons, and now we are paying the piper for more than 100 cases have been stricken with a disease of measles that had once been eradicated from our shores.    False rumors still exist that vaccines and a preservative for multi-dose vaccines, which once used a microscopic amount of mercury as a preservative to prevent bacteria growth, led to autism. There is no credible evidence to support that claim. In fact, mercury is not used as a preservative in the MMR vaccine, and in developing nations where vaccination rates have increased, autism rates have not changed. So in addition to understanding why this year's flu vaccine missed so badly, and what should be done to protect the public in future years, I hope we can use this platform to educate the public and advance vaccine development in the interest of public health.    Now on to the flu vaccine. We must know: Did the Federal Government do everything it could at the right time to respond to the challenge of this year's flu season? As I noted, the CDC knew in late September that there was a significant mismatch, as great as 50 percent, with the U.S. vaccine, however, the CDC did not issue a health advisory in response to this mismatch until more than 2 months later. Did the CDC make the right public health decision to delay the health advisory, especially on delaying a recommendation to treat high-risk patients with antivirals? Could vaccine manufacturers have developed a new vaccine for high-risk groups? The CDC and the FDA tell us that the significant change in the strain could not have been addressed any earlier than September 2014, way too late to make changes in the U.S. vaccine. However, one flu expert at the University of Utah School of Medicine has stated on the record that there was a pretty good indication that the drifted strain by April or May 2014, that probably would have led to a decision to change at that time if strain selection decisions for manufacturing were made in May instead of February.    In hindsight, it was a bad decision, and thousands will die. Surely there are lessons to be learned here to do something different in the future, and we want to know how we can partner with these agencies to come up with some solutions.    In 2009, when there was a similar outbreak of the swine flu, Federal agencies declared a public health emergency and responded by producing a monovalent, or single strain, vaccine to protect the public in a very short time. In only 12 weeks, they had developed this new vaccine. Here, we must know, was a monovalent rescue vaccine targeting the drifted strain a possible response? Who made the decision to not go forward with a different vaccine? If not, was this partly because the FDA and other agencies lacked emergency authority to respond? Did they recognize the problem and ask for authority to respond quicker? If an astounding 50,000 deaths and 200,000-plus hospitalizations does not equal an emergency then what is? Shouldn't we be treating this problem with more urgency, and is there even a backup plan in the event a vaccine mismatch to a deadly strain exists?    HHS has set a goal for vaccines to vaccinate 70 percent of their population as part of the Healthy People 2020 initiatives, but overall vaccination rates in the U.S. have been around 45 to 46 percent in the last few years. CDC has not even met its target of 50 percent. Does the CDC have an effective strategy to increase vaccination rates, or is there a better strategy for reducing flu deaths than seeking further increases of vaccination rates in all subgroups?    So we are here today to challenge some of the policies and decisions, but in the spirit of us all working together to make improvements in the public health response to seasonal flu. I am encouraged by the potential of ongoing research and innovation. We appreciate the cooperation and attendance of these excellent witnesses from the CDC, the FDA, NIH, and BARDA. We need your input to help us decide how we change this system for the better. I welcome our witnesses today, and thank them for help in this inquiry.    Mr. Murphy. And I recognize the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. I thank the gentlelady. And now recognize the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentlelady yields back. I now recognize Mr. Pallone for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Welcome aboard. It is the best subcommittee in Congress.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    I would now like to introduce the witnesses on the panel for today's hearing. First is Dr. Anne Schuchat. Did I pronounce that correctly? The director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases at the Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Dr. Karen Midthun is the director for the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Dr. Robin Robinson, the director of Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, otherwise known as BARDA, within the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response. And Dr. Anthony Fauci is the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health. I welcome you all here and we look forward to your testimony.    I will now swear in the witnesses.    You are aware that this committee is holding an investigative hearing, and when doing so, has the practice of taking testimony under oath. Do any of you have any objections to testifying under oath? Seeing no objections, the Chair then advises you that under the rules of the House and the rules of the committee, you are entitled to be advised by counsel. Do any of you desire to be advised by counsel during your testimony today? Everybody has said no. In that case, if you would please rise and raise your right hand, I will swear you in.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. You are now under oath, and subject to penalties set forth in Title XVIII, section 1001 of the United States Code. You may each now give a 5-minute summary of your written statement. Make sure you pull the microphone close to you, and watch that red light.    Dr. Schuchat, you can begin.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Dr. Midthun, you are recognized for 5 minutes. Thank you. Make sure the microphone is turned on and it is close to you. Thank you. You still have to turn it on. Press the--there you go.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now, Dr. Robinson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Dr. Robinson.    Dr. Fauci, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    I will now recognize myself for opening questions for 5 minutes.    But let me just start off, and I know that a lot of concerns about vaccines and autism. As a psychologist, I have seen many a child with autism. It is a deeply concerning problem with the families. Past publications have been discredited, and data was deemed fraudulent. Multiple studies said there is no link between developmental disorders such as autism and vaccines.    I want to ask each of you, do you agree, Dr. Schuchat? Dr. Midthun, do you agree? Dr. Robinson, do you agree? Dr. Fauci, do you agree? And--yes, you can say this verbally. Should parents have their children vaccinated? Dr. Schuchat?    Mr. Murphy. Yes, right.    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Midthun, yes or no? Yes?    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Robinson?    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Fauci?    Mr. Murphy. OK. Dr. Schuchat, flu expert Dr. Andrew Pavia at the University of Utah School of Medicine said, ``By April or May, there was good evidence of the drifted A/Switzerland strain. It wasn't clear it was going to be a dominant strain, but there was a pretty good hint, we probably would have chosen the vaccine differently.'' Dr. Schuchat, do you agree that there was good evidence of the drifted strain by, say, April or May of this last year?    Mr. Murphy. But by May, there was evidence of a 17 percent mismatch. Do you think that 17 percent mismatch was a concern at that point, and were there any discussions about that at     Mr. Murphy. Well, let me ask about this pattern. We have here, I am looking at the mismatch notes, by March there is about a 10 percent mismatch drift, by May, 17 percent. We understand by September it was already up to 50 percent. Do we know in these gaps of April or June or July or August what those drift rates were? Was there a problem by those times that was being seen?    Mr. Murphy. Sure, but right here----    Mr. Murphy. But here in September, a decision was made for the World Health Organization to change this for the Southern Hemisphere. And so I am wondering, because there are big gaps here, were there discussions between all your agencies that we ought to be doing something differently other than telling people to have some kind of an antiviral medicine?    Mr. Murphy. Right.    Mr. Murphy. But you could do that fairly quickly during that--the issue of the Swine--from 2009. Once it reached this level where we are now only 23 percent effectiveness, and about 12 percent for senior citizens, a high-risk group for death, for mortality and morbidity, why not move forward at this point with at least a monovalent strain for high-risk groups and high-risk geographical areas?    Mr. Murphy. But you did it in 12 weeks in 2009.    Mr. Murphy. But you did it in a much shorter time, but not the 6 months. My point is, when you identify something that is going to have that level of mortality and morbidity, and it can be done in a short period of time, were your agencies talking with each other and saying--clearly, a decision was made in September, hey, for the Southern Hemisphere, we need to change that, but for the Northern Hemisphere it says let us keep going with what we have, recognizing that it is only effective for 1 out of 5 people and 1 out of 10 seniors. It seems to me that you need a different decision-making process.    Mr. Murphy. I am way over time. I need to----    Mr. Murphy . Pursue other members.    I recognize Diana DeGette for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now recognize Mrs. Blackburn, vice chair of the full committee, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    Now Mr. Pallone is recognized. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    I now recognize the vice chairman of the subcommittee, and welcome aboard as vice chairman, Mr. McKinley of West Virginia.    Mr. Murphy. Now recognize Ms. Castor for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    And now I recognize Dr. Burgess for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    I now recognize Mr. Green for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. The gentleman's time has expired. Thank you.    I now recognize Mr. Griffith of Virginia for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. All right, I want to clarify something. So you said 36 percent, June, July, and we have a 50 percent cutoff. So some time in September the 50 percent number was significant enough to say, OK, we need to do something different in the Southern Hemisphere. What is the magic number where you say we need to make a change here?    Mr. Murphy. Why not----    Mr. Murphy. Why not August? What I am concerned about is, we want to break through, if there is some bureaucratic hurdles, this committee wants to help----    Mr. Murphy . But if you say, well, we don't look at this until--we don't really meet and discuss this until September, that is not a lot of solace for what Mr. McKinley was raising for the hundreds of thousands of seniors who are going to be sick. What--what is--what do we do?    Mr. Murphy. I am not----    Mr. Murphy. Yes, but you have already said you can get a vaccine ready in 12 weeks when you need a monovalent strain when there was a pandemic.    Mr. Murphy. Wasn't that done in 2009, you did something quickly----    Mr. Murphy . Dr. Robinson?    Mr. Murphy. I want to be clear.    Mr. Murphy. To get to the critical number. I know it is Mr. Tonko's turn, but we are talking about just to start to give it to some seniors and high-risk group.    Mr. Tonko, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    I now recognize a new member of the subcommittee, Dr. Bucshon, who is a cardiothoracic surgeon by training, and is here from Indiana. Welcome to the subcommittee, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    I now recognize a new member to the committee, Ms. Yvette Clarke, who represents--Ms. Schakowsky is next? I am sorry, I thought Clarke was next.    Mr. Murphy. All right, thank you.    Mr. Murphy. All right, now we recognize Mr. Flores from Texas, who is also new to this committee. Third term in Congress, and we welcome him to this subcommittee.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    And now I recognize Ms. Clarke of New York, the Brooklyn area, as a new member of the subcommittee. Welcome. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now I recognize another new member for the committee, Susan Brooks of Indiana, who has a second term of Congress. Previously she was in the Homeland Security Committee and was a U.S. Attorney. We look forward to you being a part of this committee. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. We now recognize another new member of the committee, Markwayne Mullin of Oklahoma. We welcome you, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Gentleman yields back.    I now recognize another new member of our committee and subcommittee, Chris Collins of New York, a second term in Congress. Welcome aboard, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Collins.    And now as a tradition of this committee, if another member of the committee wishes to be part of this, we will welcome back a former member of the subcommittee for this special visit, Mrs. Ellmers of North Carolina. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. And I want to thank the panelists. Look, I think we are all frustrated, we need to be speeding up this process and the science, and if there are other legislative things we need to do, please let us know. This is the day after Groundhog Day, and I don't want to be here with another Groundhog Day a couple of years from now running into the same problems, with the same issues, and having the same crisis with so many Americans getting sick and dying for whatever this is. So I ask----    Mr. Murphy. Yes.    Mr. Murphy. Appreciate that. I ask unanimous consent that Members' written opening statements be introduced into the record, and without objection, the documents will be entered in the record.    In conclusion, thank you again to the witnesses and Members that participated in today's hearing. I remind Members they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record, and I ask that all witnesses agree to respond promptly to those questions.    And with that, this committee is adjourned. Thank you.