    Mr. McCaul. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, let me just say sincerely I want to thank you for your service in these very challenging times we find ourselves. I appreciate your comments about the greatest generation.    My father was B-17 bombardier in the European theater. Truly was a great and is a great generation. They were all in and they were all in to win, and they won. And they defeated fascism.    I see a new threat. It is Islamist extremism. It seems to me the best homeland security policy we can have is to eliminate the threat where it exists rather than it coming into the United States.    Before this committee we will be deliberating an authorization for the use of military force. We had a meeting with White House officials--the chairman and myself and others--and were presented with the President's policy on this. I must say the reception was not a warm one.    I have concerns, concerns of a timetable telling ISIS how long we are in the fight, concerns about tying the hands of our generals, concerns about--usually, an authorization is asked for by the Congress to expand the President's authority and the military's powers rather than restrict them. I cannot support this authorization as presented by the administration.    The authorization I would like to see--and I would like to get your opinion--would be an authorization to degrade and destroy ISIS wherever they exist.    Can you tell me whether you would support an authorization like that.    Mr. McCaul. If I can just--it sounds like a political----    Mr. McCaul. And I agree it says wherever it exists. But it puts all the limitations on our military. And I think all the options--options should not be taken off the table. I think that is a dangerous precedent. This would restrict the President's authority compared to the 2001 AUMF that he has current authority under.    I would like to you ask you--and I appreciate your letter of response in the Syrian refugee.    Mr. McCaul. We agree with policy. I just don't think you can achieve that goal if you put restrictions on the military.    You were in the Vietnam conflict. We had a micromanaged war that I think didn't allow our troops to win that war, and I don't want to make the same mistake with ISIS. And I think our precipitous withdrawal with that status of forces agreement quite frankly created ISIS to some extent.    Syrian refugee issue. I had a hearing on this. I had the FBI testify. We have 500 refugees in this country. But the plan of the State Department, as I understand it, is to bring thousands more into the country as we are trying to block foreign fighters from coming into the United States from western Europe and Americans who have traveled.    The idea of bringing in thousands of Syrian refugees I think poses a potential risk to Americans. That was borne out not only by Homeland Security officials at my hearing, but the FBI made it very clear that they don't have the intelligence and the proper databases to properly vet these Syrian refugees who would be coming into the United States under your program, this federally sanctioned program to bring in refugees.    I think this raises serious risks and concerns and I think rightly so when the FBI is me telling that and agreeing with that as well. Can you tell me what your plan is.    Mr. McCaul. Well, and I will close with, when I was in Jordan, I saw the refugees. And I agree. Most are mothers and children.    Mr. McCaul. Well, we made some mistakes with Iraq. The Iraqis have been prosecuted for being terrorists. But the Minister of Interior in security in Jordan told me personally, ``I don't know who these people are. I don't know who they are because I don't have the intelligence to vet them.''    Mr. McCaul. Okay. Thank you.