    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Tonko.    Customers of all public water systems, large and small, wealth and disadvantaged deserve safe affordable drinking water. Unfortunately, public water systems across the country are facing staggering infrastructure replacement costs and emerging threats, including climate change.    Resource is essential to any conversation about safe drinking water. Much of our Nation's drinking water infrastructure is well beyond its useful life and in desperate need of replacement. Investing in drinking water infrastructure protects public health, creates jobs, and boosts the economy. This is particularly important in the case of small and rural systems in which even minor projects can be unaffordable. And I thank the chairman for calling this hearing to examine some of the challenges these systems face.    In 1996, this committee passed amendments to the Safe Drinking Water Act that set a number of programs intended to help small and rural water systems. Those programs focused on capacity development, operator certification, infrastructure, funding, and technical assistance. All of them are designed to ensure the customers of small systems receive safe and affordable drinking water. The small pot of money set aside for technical assistance distributed through grantees, such as the National Rural Water Association and the Rural Community Assistance Partnership, have been incredibly important for small assistance. And I am glad that both NRWA and RCAP represented here today to discuss any changes that might be needed to strengthen the program.    I expect we are going to hear that the need for technical assistance far outpaces the funding available. And I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will join with us to ensure that this program is given sufficient funding to meet the requirements of small systems.    But the same is true for the drinking water State Revolving Fund or SRF. If we really want to ensure that small and rural systems are providing safe and affordable water, we should reauthorize the whole SRF, not just the technical assistance piece. The technical assistance piece is less than 2 percent of the whole pot, so we should not lose sight of the bigger picture.    For disadvantaged communities, the 1996 amendments allow States to provide additional support through the SRF and most funding from the SRF goes out as loans. But for disadvantaged communities, States are authorized to provide zero interest loans or even principal forgiveness. For small and rural systems with small customers bases, this is incredibly important.    But unfortunately States are not currently required to provide this assistance to disadvantaged communities and not all do. This assistance may become even scarcer in coming years as the overall drinking water infrastructure need continues to grow faster than the available funding.    When this subcommittee moved legislation to address toxic algae, I expressed my hope that it would be the start of broader drinking water work. And I am pleased that the chairman is now addressing another important drinking water issue. But as I said at the hearing on the toxic algae, our responsibility on drinking water is comprehensive. Small systems serve only 8 percent of the population. We should absolutely do what is necessary to ensure they have safe water, but we should also protect the other 92 percent and means reauthorizing the SRF, ensuring that fracking is done safely, ensuring source water protection, addressing drought and planning, of course, for climate change.    So I look forward to more drinking water hearings and more bipartisan conversations about some legislative solutions.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman.