    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Administrator McCarthy, for appearing before us. I understand this is your third time testifying this week about this specific topic, and I understand this is the fourth hearing overall on the question of the Gold King Mine release.    It is certainly appropriate for Congress to examine this spill, how it happened, whether it could have been prevented, how it was handled, and what can be done to prevent similar types of spills into the future. But before we begin, I want to make one very important point: While the Gold King Mine spill was damaging, as has been pointed out by Mr. Grijalva, this spill pales in comparison to a series of even bigger toxic spills from many other mines that have been abandoned for decades, and the cumulative effect of daily seepage from mines all across our Nation for more than 100 years.    The Animas River has been plagued by pollution caused by abandoned mines like the Gold King Mine. For example, in 1975, a dam broke on a pond holding mine waste, sending 50,000 tons of sludge into the Animas River and turning it, at that time, the color of aluminum paint. Three years later, an estimated 500 million gallons of water and sludge from the Sunnyside Mine turned the Animas River black, all the way to New Mexico.    Last week, the mayor of Durango, Colorado, Dean Brookie, testified before the Science Committee that ``the August 5 release of 3 million gallons was equivalent to roughly a week's worth of normal discharge from this mine.'' He said this was a level of only 2 percent of the annual discharge from the mine. He testified, ``The heavy metal contamination that emanates from hundreds of separate mine sites in the mountains upstream of Durango has been impacting our community since the late 19th century. It is a constant, if often invisible threat to our community's public health and economic well-being, and has thus far resisted thoughtful and well-intended efforts to mitigate this risk.''    Now, in Pennsylvania, my own district faces this same threat of continual mine discharges. We used to mine coal in northeastern Pennsylvania, hard coal. In fact, there are 575 abandoned mine lands in my district, creating 382 miles of acid mine drainage-affected streams. The fact is that mining companies have not been held responsible for the toxic devastation they left behind. But EPA and states are being forced to clean up this legacy of leakage with resources that are completely inadequate.    Using data obtained from the states, the environmental advocacy group Earthworks estimated there are more than 500,000 abandoned hardrock mines throughout the country. To clean up just 147 of these mine sites, it would cost the Federal Government between $7-$24 billion, according to a 2004 estimate; but in Fiscal Year 2015, the budget for cleaning up hardrock mine sites totaled only about $40 million. Congress has to provide more resources to address this problem.    Congress must address the much broader problem of cleaning up these mine sites. That is why I am pleased to be an original co-sponsor of Mr. Grijalva's bill, the Hardrock Mining Reform and Reclamation Act of 2015, to help remedy the problem.    Finally, as I said at the outset, I think it is completely appropriate to conduct oversight of EPA's actions in this case; so the hearing is appropriate. But EPA has taken responsibility for this accident; and independent technical experts, including experts at the Department of the Interior and EPA's Inspector General, are currently assessing what could be done differently to avoid this type of spill in the future, and to speed the notification of all parties involved. But, let's take this opportunity now to focus on the larger issue of the devastating legacy of pollution that mining companies have left behind all across our Nation.    Let me close by extending our welcome to the other witnesses today from the Navajo Nation, the Southern Ute Tribal Council, and from New Mexico and Colorado. I look forward to your testimony, not only about this bill, but about what steps Congress can take to address the much broader problems we are facing with water quality throughout the country.    I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to give the Administrator a moment to answer your last statement.    Mr. Cartwright. Well, thank you for that, Administrator McCarthy.    I would like to switch gears for a moment and focus on the extent of the problem of acid mine drainage around the country. It is a problem that my constituents in northeastern Pennsylvania know only too well. There are 65 million gallons of acid mine runoff every day. Here we are talking about a 3 million gallon spill. There are 65 million gallons of acid mine runoff every day flowing into the Lackawanna River, compared to that 3 million in the Animas River spill.    In case you don't believe it, I am going to show you pictures of the Lackawanna River on a typical day. This is the Old Forge Borehole. It emits 65 million gallons of orange acid mine drainage into the Susquehanna River, which finds its way down to the Chesapeake Bay.    Any spill in our rivers is important and needs to be addressed. Here, however, what my local paper published, after the Animas spill received so much media and congressional attention, was this cartoon by my friend, the political cartoonist John Cole, from Scranton. On the left side it says, ``Three million gallons of toxic mine waste accidentally dumped into Colorado's Animas River. It's being called an `environmental disaster'.'' Then, over on the right side, it shows an illustration of the Old Forge Borehole with 65 million gallons a day of acid mine runoff, and it says, ``Around here we'd call it `Tuesday afternoon'.''    We understand the problem in northeastern Pennsylvania. The director of the Lackawanna River Corridor Association, my friend, Bernie McGurl, explained to me that in northeastern Pennsylvania, ``Schuylkill, Lackawanna, Luzerne, Dauphin, Northumberland, Columbia, and Carbon Counties all have profound mine drainage issues, with thousands of miles of streams that are impacted by mine drainage, many of which are totally devoid of aquatic life.''    Now, nationally, there are over 500,000 abandoned mines. These abandoned mines scar our Nation and pollute our waterways. My understanding is that, in 2008, EPA estimated that to clean them up would cost $50 billion.    Now, I welcome this newfound interest in water quality in a bipartisan way. But given that enormous sum--$50 billion--Administrator McCarthy, how much do mining companies contribute to cleaning up this mess that they create?    Mr. Cartwright. How much are hardrock mining companies charged in royalties for what they extract?    Mr. Cartwright. They are not charged.    Mr. Cartwright. Now that we have established that mining companies are not contributing to cleaning up their own messes, what are the sources of funding that you have for mine cleanup?    Mr. Cartwright. What can Congress do to help EPA clean up these mines?    Mr. Cartwright. Now, for abandoned coal mines, funding comes from coal AML reclamation fees based on coal royalties. Correct?    Mr. Cartwright. While coal companies do pay royalties that go toward abandoned mine cleanup, they contribute only a small fraction of what we need to deal with the problem.    We have to remember that the AML is set to expire in the coming years. I want to take this moment to urge Congress to turn its attention to reauthorizing the AML, so we can continue the important work in reducing the impact of abandoned mines.    I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman; and thank you to the witnesses for coming today: President Begaye, Councilman--is it Olguin?    Mr. Cartwright. Dr. Wolk, Mr. Flynn. Now, Councilman Olguin, you have testified that there are approximately 23,000 abandoned mines in Colorado. I mentioned earlier in this hearing today that the advocacy group Earthworks estimates that there are more than 500,000 abandoned hardrock mines within the United States.    Ranking Member Grijalva is not here, but his bill, H.R. 963, the Hardrock Mining Reform and Reclamation Act of 2015, would establish a hardrock minerals fund, funded as an extraction fee taken from the mine owners, the mine operators, for reclamation to repair and fix these toxic situations.    President Begaye, would you support the establishment of that kind of dedicated fund, paid for by the mining industry that would be used to clean up abandoned hardrock mines?    Mr. Cartwright. How about Councilman Olguin. Do you feel the same way? Would you support the establishment of a hardrock minerals fund, along the lines that Ranking Member Grijalva's bill suggests?    Mr. Cartwright. OK, thank you. One thing I wanted to clear up for my own mind is to see if there is any disagreement among the panel. We had Dr. Wolk testifying that, by August 11, the levels of monitored metals in the Animas River had returned to pre-release levels, that there was no fish kill involved in this release. I wanted to get your take on that, President Begaye and Councilman Olguin. Do you agree with that?    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. President.    Councilman Olguin, I think you testified that you knew about this spill that afternoon, because local officials had notified you; and that, because of that early knowledge, you were able to take steps to do testing before the plume hit the affected area that you are concerned with. Is that what your testimony was?    Mr. Cartwright. OK. So, what is your take on what Dr. Wolk says? Was there a fish kill? He says there was not.    Mr. Cartwright. OK. Then he said that by August 11--6 days after the release--that the metals levels had returned to pre-release levels. Any basis to dispute that?    Mr. Cartwright. OK. And either of you gentlemen, President Begaye, Councilman Olguin, do you support increased levels of funding to EPA in cleaning up problems like this into the future?    Mr. Cartwright. Councilman Olguin, do you support additional increased funding for cleanup?    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, gentlemen. I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Grothman.