    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you. After today's hearing, my desire is that there will no longer be any legitimate doubt that the Secret Service needs more resources critical to the mission that you perform. And I join with the ranking chair and the chairman of recognizing how important you are and the service that you give. But we clearly know that there is areas of concern. And I feel strongly that the option of continuing the way we have in the past does not exist. And it will not be something that will be tolerated.    I wanted to give you a quote that I would like to be addressed. The ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security, Congressman Thompson, he Stated: ``Within the next 5 years, the Secret Service will provide protection through two Presidential election cycles, two Democratic national conventions, two Republican national conventions, the 75th anniversary of the United Nations, and other National Security special events.'' To his point, on top of your current responsibilities of protecting the President and protecting your area of responsibility, and we know that there is some problems with leadership resources, we are also entering a period where there is going to be additional demand. My background is in HR. And I know that when you start hiring and training, there is a gap in your resources. So we have to be realistic about that. For us to get where we need to be, we are going to have to pull resources that we already have. Do you agree with that?    Mrs. Lawrence. Exactly.    Mrs. Lawrence. In our planning in discussing what the expectations are of improvement, getting additional resources, I see with the additional responsibilities coming up that training gap, there is a concern, an additional concern; do you agree with that concern? What is the plan to address that concern if you agree?    Mrs. Lawrence. So I want to be clear that our ask that we saw in the report will enable us to have an expectation that you will have the resources to address all of these concerns. Because if this report or your ask for resources only takes you up to a point to cover the existing concerns, then my concern is that we are going to see additional gaps. And that is my concern right now. And I wanted to be clear that in the proposal, that we don't come back later and say we still don't have the resources to do the job, knowing that all these additional things and the gap is going to be added.