    Secretary McFarland. Thank you, Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, and distinguished members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to appear today before this subcommittee.    The Department's highest priority for space launch is assured access to space. That requires two highly reliable engine launch systems as a fail-safe method to allow for continued access should one suffer a fleet grounding event. If we do not have an alternative launch system, all our overhead space operations that provide capabilities such as global awareness, communications, strategic missile warnings and indications, and position, navigation, and timing information are at risk.    We are dependent upon assured access to space as the enabler of space operations that we rely on for national security. We can recognize, however, that the assured access to space must come at an affordable price, and that is why we intend to pursue affordability and a healthy industrial base by incentivizing innovation through an orderly transition to competition via certified new entrants. I state orderly transition, as moving to competition must not occur at the reduction or expense of mission assurance. We lost sight of mission assurance in the 1990s and that led to a string of launch failures, where more than $5 billion worth of hardware and three national security payloads were lost. We can't afford to repeat that.    When speaking of new entrants, it is important to understand that certification is a cornerstone of our mission assurance process. We have invested heavily through the Air Force in providing a means for certification to new entrants, and it appears to be paying off as our first new entrant, in this case SpaceX, according to the Air Force as the certificating authority should be certified this year.    My last emphasis will be on our commitment to end use by our providers on the Russian RD-180 engines as we pursue our competition of competitive launch services. The Air Force has been working with industry and subject matter experts since last year early to find an alternative solution. We are concerned about the current fiscal year 2015 NDAA section 1608 language. It may interfere with our ability to transition in an orderly and efficient manner to two domestically produced affordable and effective certified launch systems in a competition that can sustain our full launch manifest requirements. As it is written, it may result in a trade of one monopoly to another.    We are committed to reintroducing competition into the EELV program and ending the use of the RD-180 as quickly and as safely as possible. Space launch is an inherently unforgiving, high-risk endeavor, which our approach to mission assurance has effectively mitigated for over 15 years. As we move forward into a more competitive environment, we will continue to maintain our robust mission-assurance standards because the cost of failure is simply too high.    Thank you, again, for this opportunity to appear before the subcommittee, and I turn it over now to my colleague.    Secretary McFarland. Chairman, since I haven't had a chance here, I will definitely jump on that. Yes, that is our gravest concern.    Secretary McFarland. No, sir, it is not.    Secretary McFarland. Chairman, I would be thrilled if you came and worked with us on anything that you would like to propose relative to helping us in this matter.    Secretary McFarland. Yes, sir.    Secretary McFarland. That is what we consider our state.    Secretary McFarland. So, you have to rebuild the system that you launched, and some of those systems take 5, 6, 8, 12 years.    Secretary McFarland. Yes, sir, I do.    Secretary McFarland. Congressman, absolutely. When we go through competition in the future, we have to be very cognizant of what contributions are held where, and that actually is part of the competition process when you equate cost to cost.    Secretary McFarland. So, Congressman, the problem is that we currently budgeted in the President's budget for a competitive launch service, that was based on the use of Atlas Vs. Now you add the complexity of trying to enter in with a new launch system, the Next Generation Launch System, and then you try to find out what the public/private venture is that you can actually afford.    It was very interesting that the chairman pointed to the two industrial folks and they came back with no real response for what is the business case. And we have to provide a business case, because indeed, one of the things that you are poking at when you are trying to do a public/private venture is that you know you end up with something better than you started, not transferring from one monopoly to another as part of that.    So, indeed, I believe there is a concern here in sequestration: Can we afford it, and will we be able to put the money into the system for the long term that they see a business case that they can see money there to get, for us to be able to assure space launch.    Secretary McFarland. If I could add to that, the 2014 commercial--thank you. I am an engineer. The 2014 commercial space transportation forecast that came out has a flat line on what they anticipate the future brings in terms of commercial and NGO and government. So, this business case is very interesting to us. They are all competing for this same size pie.    Secretary McFarland. I really can't add anything further, Congressman. It is definitely a challenge to----    Secretary McFarland. I concur.    Secretary McFarland. Well, I will start, Chairman. The practical that you had in your question is most important. If you go back to my conversation about a public/private venture and a business case, the problem with trying to have us solicit and have an engine built, means somebody has to build a rocket around it. So, if I were to go out with a rocket, if I was to go out with a request for a rocket, that I would say ask to have someone take on as a business case to launch for us under services, that is a more practical approach.