    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for calling this hearing. I think it is important that the Committee address this issue because what is often lost during these debates on our farm safety net is the fact that other countries also provide agriculture subsidies to producers and sometimes more than we do. If we are going to compete in the global marketplace, we need to be on a level playing field.    That being said, I am concerned that some of these so-called advanced, developing countries have started to increase their subsidies and are arguing that we should push ahead with negotiations in the Doha Round, and as I have told some people in the Administration and the negotiators, I just think the whole Doha concept is flawed. We have people in there that are developing countries that are not developing countries. They are subsidizing considerably more than people recognize. This is not going to--they need to scrap this whole thing and start over in my opinion.    Now, this idea that somehow or another you are going to fix everything by using trade to help these developing countries, in my opinion, was a flawed concept to start with.    So I don't know how we get back to doing something sensible there, but currently what is going on is not working. I don't think it is fair that these developing countries, no matter how advanced, can designate themselves for special treatment.    So based on the testimony of our witnesses, I think it is time for the United States to start challenging Brazil and China, India and others when they fail to make their WTO commitments. Now I realize that the testimony covers a lot of ground, but to the extent possible, I hope that our witnesses will be able to give us a little more guidance on specific subsidies that we should consider challenging and what our chances of winning such challenges might be. So I hope our witnesses will be able to address some of these questions, and I look forward to their testimony and yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you, Collin. I appreciate that. I welcome our witnesses to our hearing today. I appreciate the time and preparation you put into getting here. I will ask Vice Chair Randy Neugebauer to introduce Dr. Hudson, and then I will introduce Mr. Thorn.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I don't know. Dr. Hudson, in your detailed information you gave us here, in the case of Argentina where they have these crazy export taxes that fund their government, soybeans now are 35 percent, somewhere in that neighborhood, and oil is 32 percent. As I understand it the last time I was there, there is no export tax on biodiesel. So my biodiesel people were complaining that basically because of these other export taxes on soybeans, what they are doing is building biodiesel plants in Argentina and then sending the soybeans to us as biodiesel. Is that the case of what is going on?    Mr. Peterson. Yes. Well, and I had a----    Mr. Peterson. Now I had a long 2 hour meeting with the President of Argentina about this, and she clearly was doing this, she thought, to lower the price for her poor people. I mean, that is her whole mentality.    So these countries that have exceeded their WTO limits, do either one of you know any or do you know efforts to challenge this in the WTO? I think it is clear they are doing it. Is anybody in this country trying to challenge that? Either of you know?    Mr. Peterson. Why?    Mr. Peterson. Thank you. Dr. Hudson, you mentioned that Brazil's PEP and PEPRO Programs are moving surpluses into the world market. What commodities are they moving in under this? And can you tell us a little bit more about the similarities of this program? Are they old Step 2 Program that they sued us over?    Mr. Peterson. And we are not doing anything about that either, apparently.    Mr. Peterson. Mr. Thorn, in your OECD information here, it has identified Canada as having higher subsidies than the United States as measured by producer support estimates. According to the OECD, Canadian producers receive 14 percent of each dollar from public policies rather than the marketplace. In the United States it is eight percent.    But in Figure 4 of your testimony, why do you place Canada in the low subsidy quadrant and the United States in the large subsidy quadrant, given those facts?    Mr. Peterson. I am sorry. Yes.    Mr. Peterson. Is that partly because of the supply management in dairy and poultry?    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Neugebauer, 5 minutes.