    Ms. Stark. Good morning, Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Nadler, and Members of the Committee. Thank you for this opportunity to appear before you today. My name is Mei-lan Stark, and I am Senior Vice President of Intellectual Property for the Fox Entertainment Group, and I am appearing today on behalf of the International Trademark Association, otherwise known as INTA, where I am serving on a voluntary basis as their Immediate Past President.    It was my privilege to testify before this Committee in 2011. At that time, I shared with you the trademark community's concerns regarding the launch of ICANN's new generic top-level domain, or gTLD, program. Today, I offer trademark owners' perspectives on ICANN's performance regarding the .SUCKS launch and the concerns it raises for the potential relinquishment of the National Telecommunications Information Administration, or NTIA's, stewardship of the IANA function. We greatly appreciate the Committee's attention to these very important issues.    The new gTLD program was designed to promote competition and innovation. It is a system based upon a participatory multi-stakeholder model, and as is true with any self-regulatory model, trust and accountability are essential. That means the system must have strong mechanisms in place to conduct its operations in a reliable and transparent way.    Intellectual property owners of all sizes, from all industries, both commercial and not-for-profit, must be able to trust that the new gTLD system will operate according to agreed-upon policies and procedures. This is necessary so that business owners can effectively protect their valuable trademarks in this new world. But more than that, trust and predictability are required to satisfy the purported goal of the new system, fostering innovation. After all, no business will invest resources in an unreliable system.    The launch of .SUCKS by Vox Populi is an example of ICANN's operational deficiencies. The new gTLD program followed extensive public comment on how the system would operate and what intellectual property rights mechanisms would be mandatory. In response to grave concerns voiced by trademark owners during the public comment periods, ICANN did convene voluntary experts to address them, and that led to the implementation of new rights protection mechanisms to protect businesses and consumers from confusion, cyber-squatting, fraud, and other abuse.    One such mechanism is the Trademark Clearinghouse, which allows trademark owners to pre-register domains corresponding to their trademarks before such names are made available to the general public. It appears that Vox Populi is using this very mechanism designed to protect trademarks and consumers to charge businesses and non-profits, both large and small, exorbitant fees to register their marks as domain names. Vox Populi co-opts the rights mechanisms developed by the multi-stakeholder community and uses it as a means to identify who pays 250 times more for a domain name.    ICANN was warned about these bad practices and was asked to resolve these issues before the .SUCKS launch, but ICANN chose to ignore that request, and the launch continues. The current .SUCKS controversy strongly suggests that the critical framework required for a successful transition of the IANA function does not yet exist. ICANN must enforce its own policies and contracts. The trademark community supports the multi-stakeholder model, and we are engaged in the processes that are shaping that framework. We support a transition, but not until we are assured of the necessary accountability and transparency.    As ICANN's management of the .SUCKS launch reveals, we simply are not there yet. Until such accountability mechanisms are implemented, continued U.S. Government and congressional oversight is necessary.    In conclusion, while there are many potential benefits from the new gTLD program, those benefits are unlikely to materialize unless the program is effectively and fairly administered. ICANN's decisions and actions directly impact not only the architecture and control of the Internet but ultimately how consumers experience the Internet. As a trade association dedicated to brands and the consumer protection that trademarks afford, INTA stands ready to help ICANN develop and implement a reliable framework that promotes fair competition, choice and trust.    We very much appreciate the Committee's continued engagement in these matters and thank you again for the opportunity to discuss the challenges facing trademark owners under ICANN's current policies and practices.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Stark. So, what I would say is it is not about focusing on a specific date, Chairman. It is what you said: We have to get it right. The stakes are very, very high. Rather than trying to put an artificial timeline to this, I think what is important is to focus on the work that is being done and the progress that is being made.    Ms. Stark. Certainly for public comment. INTA has actually formally requested an extension of time on the comment periods for the accountability----    Ms. Stark. So, I think that the answer--thank you very much for that question, because I think it gets really to the heart of the matter. I think the real answer is that ICANN needs to actually enforce its existing contracts and policies. In a lot of these regards, we are not asking for something new or more. We had a multi-stakeholder process from the bottom up that developed the rights protection mechanisms, that developed the WHOIS policies and other things that exist in the contracts, but we are not seeing proper resources devoted to compliance and enforcement.    Ms. Stark. You know, I don't feel that I am qualified to speak about their management.    Ms. Stark. But what I do think is that it is very important for this model to work, that all relevant interests are represented and listened to, and that that input is actually analyzed in a meaningful way and then incorporated into policies and procedures.    Ms. Stark. I absolutely do believe that it violates the spirit of the agreement. I mean, the whole purpose of these rights protection mechanisms, like the clearinghouse, were to make an efficient system for intellectual property owners to protect their rights, and ultimately to help protect consumers from confusion and other types of abuse online. So when you take that mechanism and use it and turn it on its head to create some sort of premium pricing structure so that people who are being responsible and taking advantage of the mechanisms that the community developed to help them navigate this new world and you turn that on its head and turn it into a premium pricing structure, I absolutely think that violates the spirit----    Ms. Stark. I do think that you don't----    Ms. Stark. I don't think that you want to necessarily set premium--I am not saying there can't be premium pricing or that you can't have all kinds of pricing arrangements. I just don't think that you want to do it in a way that takes something that is meant to protect trademark owners and harm them.    Ms. Stark. So, I think that is a process that has to come up through the community in the multi-stakeholder process. There are many different relevant stakeholders in that process, and if there are going to be limits on what happens in pricing, that should come from the community.    Ms. Stark. I think if we really are going to believe in the model, there should be oversight but that the model should be allowed to work.    Ms. Stark. I would just say that we do think that the Government Advisory Council plays a very important role in the process and should be advisory. But as the Amazon example shows, it is dangerous when any one or a few governments are able to block what has been the process that was created by the full multi-stakeholder community.    Ms. Stark. I agree with Mr. Horton that there are some registrars that are very good about responding. But I do think that ICANN has not devoted enough resources in general to compliance, and that there are important parts of the contract that need greater attention from ICANN directly.    Ms. Stark. I do. I just want to say that I don't think trademark owners in general are battling against free speech, and that is what a total prohibition of any domain names that contain an existing trademark would be. Trademarks are created out of language, and there are fair uses, and there needs to be a balance between free speech and what is intellectual property protection.    But I will say that in such an expansive new world, every brand owner of every size, my company included, is very resource challenged on how we are going to adequately protect what are valuable corporate assets that we have invested in for decades in this new world.    Ms. Stark. I am sorry, I don't have an example just off the top of my mind, but thank you for that question because the rights protection mechanisms are, of course, of great concern to INTA and all of its members. I think the new mechanism that you are talking about is the URS system, and there is one key difference with that that has made it maybe not the most optimal solution for trademark owners, and that is that at the end of the day, the domain name that is in question and that may be problematic is not actually reassigned to the owner, the trademark owner, at the end of that process.    So, yes, there are some efficiencies to the process, but I think that the ultimate resolution can be less than ideal for a lot of brand owners. So you will see that, even though it might be more expensive and take more time, there are a lot of brand owners who are still resorting to what is called the UDRP, the Uniform Dispute Resolution Process, because that does include a transfer of the domain name at the end of the proceeding.    Ms. Stark. You know, I would say that the process is always evolving, as we have seen with ICANN in general, and that while we have constantly tried to be an important voice in that multi-stakeholder community, to achieve the right balance between rights protection and innovation and competition and choice and free speech, I don't know that we have totally gotten to the right place. I think that the IPC in particular, but as well the BC, and even the Brand Registry Group within the ICANN community, are continuing to think hard about these kinds of issues, and as we see new spaces get launched, and as we see new behaviors, what we can do to make sure that the right balance is achieved.    Ms. Stark. Thank you very much for that question. I think that piracy, of course, is really of great concern to my company in particular, but also counterfeit merchandise and other products like you have talked about in the pharmaceutical world are very important to INTA and its members. So this is an issue very near and dear to our hearts.    What I would say is, at a minimum, what we need to see is ICANN enforcing what already exists in the contracts. That would be WHOIS. That would be also contract compliance. If they have registrars who are not responding in the appropriate ways when they are notified of this type of illegal and infringing behavior, then there needs to be some teeth in the mechanisms that already exist, and I think that would be the thing we would hope to see the most.    Ms. Stark. So, I wanted to just address the principle underlying your question, Chairman Issa, which is isn't there a responsibility to promote commerce and competition, and I think by extension innovation? What I would say about the .SUCKS example is there are just over 36,000 trademarks in the Trademark Clearinghouse today. If each of those brand owners take their set of marks that they have in that clearinghouse and register them in the .SUCKS space for the $2,499 it costs, that is $90 million a year, because you have to renew those names each year. So that is $90 million.    And I think that those costs ultimately, as with any business, get passed on to the consumer. So when you break it down at its heart, this turns out to be a tax on businesses and on innovation and on consumers.    Ms. Stark. No. I would actually say that for some companies that are really interested in protecting a whole host of brands, the numbers could be even worse. In 2011, I had noted that a large corporation might look to register maybe 300 defensive names in what was then anticipated to be about 400 spaces, and we averaged that out at just a cost of $100 a name, right? That is how we got to that $12 million.    Well, I think the costs today remain unknown. We haven't even delegated maybe half of the names into the space now. But you are not looking at 400 names any longer. You are looking at over 1,300 new spaces, and from our calculations the average sunrise registration in the spaces that have gone forward is more like in the $300 to $350 range when you average it across all those spaces. So that, again, was triple what we were talking about in 2011.    And then if you look at this .SUCKS example that we have been discussing throughout today, you are talking about for a single mark it costing $2,499 a year. And like I said, if the brand owners register all the marks they put into that clearinghouse, that is a cost to business of $90 million a year. It is extraordinary.    Ms. Stark. I think that that is an extraordinary challenge for companies like mine, and I very much appreciate you raising it. We are always looking for ways in which to more efficiently address these problems without having to tackle people as they hop around the world and hop around the Internet from name to name to name. I don't know that I have a solution to that, but I do think that it really creates a resource challenge when what we are trying to do is get out legitimate content to people and spur innovation and productivity in that same Internet world, and what they are trying to do is simply steal it.