    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Dr. King, for being here and for taking on this critical leadership position.    I wanted to ask you particularly about teachers. I'm afraid I'm doing double duty here today, so I was in another committee. It's my understanding that you haven't spoken too much about teachers today, and we know that they're absolutely critical in a student's achievement and personal future.    One of the issues that's critical is around teacher diversity and making sure that people understand why this is important. So perhaps you could address that.    The other is in California, particularly, we're looking at a teacher shortage that's significant. And many retired teachers understand why that's true. And, in fact, a recent article basically said that most retired teachers would never recommend to their kids that they become teachers.    Now, that's something that we have to be very concerned about. And sometimes people see this, I think, as a State issue, a local issue, one that the Federal Government ought not be involved in. So I wonder if you could address that as well.    And then in terms of teacher professionalism initiatives, what are the key initiatives that you would like to not just engage in, but you would like to see your time in office that really raises the professionalism of teachers? What are the current programs? What more -- what can be done? Because as we all know, teachers are concerned that if they take on some of the leadership roles within schools that they would be taken out of their classroom even, and those are dedicated teachers who don't want to do that.    Mrs. Davis. I'm sorry. A little bit of time to address it.    Mrs. Davis. I hear all that, and I think that's great. I think on the other hand we need -- it is about resources, it's about critical mass. So I would just encourage that as we're looking at that we need to make sure that we have enough momentum going on in schools to really be able to demonstrate what a great difference it makes if it's done correctly.