    Chairman Chaffetz. Good morning. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time. Before I give an opening statement, I would like to take a moment and announce the newest member of the Subcommittee on Health--Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules. I'm pleased that the gentlewoman from New Mexico, Ms. Lujan Grisham, has been appointed.    And I'm confident that she'll be an asset to the subcommittee and glad we can make that appointment.    Today we're here to revisit issues related to the management of the Chemical Safety Board. This organization has suffered from a checkered history with regard to leadership. Much has been documented by this committee. In June 2014, this committee held a hearing about whistleblower reprisals and mismanagement at the Chemical Safety Board. And now, just 9 months later, we find ourselves here again as things have not improved at all. In fact, in many cases, they have actually gotten worse as more information has come to light.    The EPA inspector general found violations of the Federal Records Act by senior Chemical Safety Board's officials, and we will be discussing this today. In January, the EPA inspector general reported that Chairman Moure-Eraso, General Counsel Richard Loeb, and Managing Director Daniel Horowitz knowingly violated the Federal Records Act by using private emails to conduct official Chemical Safety Board business, despite previous testimony and assurances to this committee that they would not and had not been doing that for some time.    The inspector general's findings are in direct contention with testimony that we heard by the Chairman of the Chemical Safety Board before this committee. The Chairman testified before this committee, on June 19, 2014, that the use of private emails had ceased in early 2013. The inspector general found--for the EPA--found, however, that the use of private emails continued through 2013 and even into 2014.    Despite objection by some Board members, on January 28, 2015, the Board suddenly and without warning passed a sweeping 22-page order. That order reversed many longstanding orders that operated as a checkup to the power of the Chairman and to assure the proper functioning of the Board. This action was widely criticized by past and current Board members, industry, labor unions, all of which worry about the state of the Chemical Safety Board. The action was also timed to prevent input by a new Senate confirmed member of the Board.    One of the other things that's deeply concerning to the committee is that the Chemical Safety Board employee satisfaction is at an all-time low. Only 26 percent of the CSB employees recently rated their senior leadership as satisfactory. And overall satisfaction was dead last in 2014, the ranking of Federal agencies. All of Federal Government, all of Federal Government, the Chemical Safety Board is dead last in terms of morale.    These problems were confirmed by an outside firm retained to review the Chemical Safety Board management. That firm found: ``The agency still suffers from lack of trust in senior leadership, poor communication, ineffective goal setting, a lack of standard procedures, lack of trust, and a lack of followup by senior leadership, which contributes to a lack of accountability.''    Instead of acknowledging the issues raised by the outside firm's report, Chemical Safety Board management appears to punish dissenters and discourage employees from bringing their concerns to Congress. In fact, an employee was removed from this position within minutes after overseeing an outside firm because the senior leadership was unhappy that the report showed that there were core problems at the agency. This same employee was then summarily demoted the day after speaking with committee staff about his concern.    I'm here to tell you, we put up with a lot of things. We are not putting up with employee retaliation. Members of the Chemical Safety Board and throughout Federal Government have the ability and the opportunity to speak to Members of Congress and their staff, and when they do, there is to be no reprisal. For them to simply try to demote this person, change their title, take away responsibility because they talk to Congress, we are not putting up with that sort of retaliation. It's a very serious issue, and I know on both sides of the aisle, we do not take this lightly.    Employees at the Chemical Safety Board work hard and are devoted to the agency's goals--goals have been beaten and demoralized. Nearly 50 percent of the employees have left since 2011. Moreover, the Chemical Safety Board, under its current leadership, cannot effectively carry out its important mission. That's just not me as the chairman saying that. You get outside groups coming in who have paid a lot of money to come in and analyze the group. And we are going to read through some of their conclusions. It's not a pretty picture.    We must ensure that the Chemical Safety Board returns to its core mandate and away from leadership that fails to lead and stifles employees' actions. The safety of hardworking Americans is important to this committee and will continue to do whatever it is that we need to do in order to fix the Chemical Safety Board. We should not have to have this agency come before this committee again, but the problems are getting worse, not better. We feel that we have been misled and that the employees have been suffering consequences in the management of this--this organization.    Now, I would like to recognize the distinguished ranking member, Mr. Cummings from Maryland, for his opening statements.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I'll hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any Member who would like to submit a written Statement.    We will now recognize the panel of witnesses, including the Honorable Rafael Moure-Eraso, Chairman of the U.S. Chemical Safety Board; the Honorable Manuel Ehrlich, Board member of the United States Chemical Safety Board; the Honorable Rich Engler, Board member of the Chemical Safety Board; Honorable Mark Griffon, Board member of the Chemical Safety Board; Mr. Patrick Sullivan, assistant inspector general for investigations in the Office of Inspector General at the United States Environmental Protection Agency. Mr. Sullivan is also accompanied by Mr. Kevin Christensen, assistant inspector general for audit, whose expertise may be needed during the questioning. We would like you to be sworn in as well.    We welcome you all, and pursuant to committee rules, the witnesses will be sworn before they testify, so if you will please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative, and you may please be seated.    We'll now recognize our panel of witnesses. And Mr.--or Dr. Moure-Eraso, the Chairman, we will now recognize you first.    Chairman Chaffetz. Please push the button.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Ehrlich, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Griffon, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Engler, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Chairman Chaffetz. Now recognize Mr. Sullivan from the Office of the Inspector General. Now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Chairman Chaffetz. We'll now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. Kelly for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    And I'll recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman yields back.    I now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Lieu, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Lieu, go ahead. I recognize you for additional time if you so need it.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'd like to interject here and ask a question as to why, then, didn't you publish this in advance of the meeting?    Chairman Chaffetz. OK. Let's get----    Chairman Chaffetz. Let's get Mr. Griffon's opinion of this perspective.    Mr. Griffon?    Chairman Chaffetz. When you say ``surprise,'' what do you mean, ``surprise?''    Chairman Chaffetz. We'll now recognize the gentlewoman, unless Mr. Lieu--unless you--or Mr.----    Chairman Chaffetz . Cummings?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Now recognize the gentlewoman from Wyoming, Ms. Lummis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. No. We're going to recognize the gentlewoman from Wyoming now.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentlewoman.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. DeSaulnier, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. No.    The gentleman's time is now recognized for Mr. Meadows of North Carolina.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. We'll now recognize the gentlewoman from Michigan, Ms. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentlewoman.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Buck, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We'll now recognize the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, if the gentlewoman would yield, I assume you're asking unanimous consent to enter this document into the record?    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. If I may followup on your questioning, because I think you're right, how many times and how long has the Chairman had this document?    Chairman Chaffetz. So why didn't you sign it?    Chairman Chaffetz. So, to be clear, the inspector general asked you to certify this, gave you a document, one page, and you elected not to sign it.    Chairman Chaffetz. No. No, no, no. You didn't sign the document that the inspector general asked for, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. And this is part of the ongoing frustration----    Mr. Chaffetz. Sure. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. Go ahead.    Chairman Chaffetz. If the clerk can get this, make duplicates for everybody on the Board. And we ask unanimous consent to enter it into the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. The clerk will take that. It will take a few minutes to duplicate it.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Great. Thank you.    I'm actually now going to recognize myself. I have not taken my 5 minutes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso, I want to play a clip of a hearing from last time.    Chairman Chaffetz. So that would have put the date back in January 13. Did you use your personal email after January 13--or January 2013, I should say?    Chairman Chaffetz. It's a yes or no. It's a yes----    Chairman Chaffetz. When is the most recent time that you used your personal email?    Chairman Chaffetz. For work?    Chairman Chaffetz. You can't tell us that you just haven't?    Chairman Chaffetz. Let me ask the inspector general. What's the most recent time you've seen him using his personal email for work-related business?    Chairman Chaffetz. There is some information that suggests you may have emails as late as 2014. Would that be accurate or inaccurate, Mr.----    Chairman Chaffetz. So you did use your email even though you testified to us. You testified. And then, even after that, you used it, your personal email.    Chairman Chaffetz. The--you said the CIO, chief information officer, had gone through this. Did you give the chief information officer your password to your personal Gmail account?    Chairman Chaffetz. And did you let the CIO go through all of your personal emails on your Gmail account?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did that also happen for Managing Director Daniel Horowitz and General Counsel Richard Loeb?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, you sent letter. You just handed us this letter.    Chairman Chaffetz. So, tell me, what--I'm trying to read through it real quick. You just gave it to us. So what's your hesitation in signing this document that's given to you by the inspector general? I still don't understand that.    Chairman Chaffetz. Your document here, July 15, 2014, says, These documents were produced based on a search of both CSB and personal email accounts of the individuals from whom the documents were requested, and the document request was above and beyond you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Did they or did they not have the CIO check their personal emails, Mr. Horowitz and Mr.----    Chairman Chaffetz. This is--this is the pattern with you. Is once you're presented with facts, then you just change your story, but you don't give us candid testimony the moment that you're asked.    Let me go back to something. I don't want you----    Chairman Chaffetz. Let me go to something specific. I want to warn you with the sternest words I can possibly do. This is whistleblower information. You're going to be able to figure out who this person is, unfortunately, but I don't want this person's name used in this public format. Do you understand?    Chairman Chaffetz. Let me ask you about this Vantage report. The Vantage report was produced on--to the Board, or to--to you--let me get the exact date--February 11 of 2015. That presentation was from 3:30 to 4:30 that afternoon. There was a person who was the person of record interacting with Vantage. When was that switch made to change the person of record interacting with at Vantage?    Chairman Chaffetz. Eight minutes, 8 minutes. So you get a very--you get the Vantage report, which is not very flattering. I mean, several members have gone up through this, and 8 minutes after you get bad news, you move, you change this employee away from being the contact of record.    Chairman Chaffetz. What evidence do you have of that, and when will you provide it to this committee?    Chairman Chaffetz. When will you provide that information to this committee? If you have evidence of it, I want to know what it is, and I want to know when you're going to give it to me and----    Chairman Chaffetz. When are we----    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm requesting it right now. When are you going to give it to me?    Chairman Chaffetz. Let's go back----    Chairman Chaffetz. Let's go back----    Chairman Chaffetz. Hold on. Hold on. Our committee interacted with this same person who was changed as the contract of record. That happened on February 25 of 2015. Two days later, that person was demoted--2 days. Less than 48 hours, he's demoted.    Chairman Chaffetz. I think it's because----    Chairman Chaffetz. I don't think you want to hear the truth. It's not like you've had one report. You've had Board members. You've had people quit. You have almost 50 percent of your people from 2011 who have actually quit and moved on. We're losing good people, decent people, who work hard for a living, who provide expertise that this government needs in order to do its job. And they can't stand you and the way you manage this place.    We heard this repeatedly for hours. We shouldn't have to have the Chemical Safety Board come before this committee twice. This person meets with our committee staff, and less than 48 hours, he's demoted. He presents you bad information that you don't want to see in the Vantage report, and 8 minutes later, he is taken off the case. That is not a coincidence, in my opinion.    Chairman Chaffetz. Last question.    Chairman Chaffetz. Last question. The workplace improvement committee, how many times did they meet in 2014?    Chairman Chaffetz. And I got to tell you it's not--well, my time is more than--more than expired, but nothing has ever been finalized. They're looking at low-hanging fruit. You don't want them to talk about management issues, and I got to tell you, I think we're very united in this. Until you leave this organization, these problems are going to persist. There is something rotten to its core, and it is you. And I believe--I didn't--I didn't start in that position, but I can tell you between you, Managing Director Daniel Horowitz, and General Counsel Richard Loeb, this is a dysfunctional, unfair, and unproductive organization. And good people are suffering. And I will do everything I can, in conjunction with my ranking member here, to make that change sooner rather than later.    This has continued to fester. We need help from the White House and this administration, but good, decent people need help. I am calling upon them.    I think you should be fired. I think the other two should be fired, but have the decency to actually step down and move this government forward.    I yield back.