    Mrs. Comstock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I ask unanimous consent to offer an extended opening statement for the record.    But first of all, last Friday, when the Metro's general manager, Paul Wiedefeld, who is with us today, terminated 20 managers, 7 of whom were considered senior, I think we all hoped that this is just the beginning of a new era of accountability and transparency at Metro, and I know our Washington delegation all voiced support for you in this action, as well as a number of your recent actions. We need to find new ways to run this rail.    I join Congressman Delaney on changing the board structure and legislation on that front, and we are pleased to see new board members are focused on being experienced board members with transportation and management experience.    On cost issues, according to FTA and DOT data, Metrorail's costs run 120 percent to 150 percent higher than comparable transit systems. That is why I appreciate that Mr. Wiedefeld said at a recent Loudoun County event that he attended with me that he is not asking for more money at this time, but is very much focused on addressing these issues and how we can restructure Metro and how we can address some of these issues on labor negotiations that are coming up, and how we can find ways to do better.    I am concerned that there is a clause in the current labor agreement which states--and I quote--``The authority shall not contract out or subcontract any work normally performed by the employees within the bargaining unit defined in this agreement which would result in a layoff, transfer, or demotion of these employees.'' Does this prevent Metro from having the kind of flexibility to realize the cost savings of contracting out track work and having the best people at the best price do this work? I know I have talked with the new general manager and FTA about these issues.    I have also met with businesses who are doing track work who tell us they can do this at lower costs than we are currently paying, and our current costs seem to run well ahead of Davis-Bacon costs.    I also want to see how we are using new technologies that can document the track work being done, technologies that can save money and increase safety and transparency, and are already being used at other rail systems around the country. I hope we can explore that more. And since I am chairman of the Subcommittee on Research and Technology of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, we are going to be looking into having hearings on that. So anywhere we can assist you on that, we want to find the best, most cost-efficient systems that save our taxpayers money.    Finally, I want to address the disturbing report we saw in the news last night about a rape that occurred last month on Metro in broad daylight, 10 o'clock in the morning. Clearly, we also have--and I hear this from people all the time--the concerns about basic personal safety. I have had people approach me at my own stations having personal safety issues, and this is something that is, obviously, unacceptable, but also a concern, that this wasn't immediately made known, when this report was made, and how are we doing all of these things. Because I appreciate we have talked about this new era of transparency, as well as the culture of safety that we all need and finding, you know, better ways to save money.    But I do appreciate that you have talked about putting more people on the front lines in the stations, and I think this very troubling incident is one of the many reasons we have to have more people out of the back office and on the front lines, protecting our customers and our constituents.    Again I thank the chairman and our witnesses today. I thank the chairman very much for this important hearing, and for his hard work on this effort. And I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today. Thank you.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. Thank you very much. I now turn to Ranking Member Norton for her opening statement.    Mrs. Comstock . Thank you. I now recognize Chairman Shuster for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Comstock. And I now recognize Ranking Member DeFazio for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Comstock. Thank you. I now recognize Mr. Mica for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Comstock. Thank you. All right. Now, we'll recognize Mr. Sires for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Comstock. Thank you. And I now recognize Mr. Webster for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Comstock. Thank you. And I now recognize Ms. Frankel for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Comstock. Thank you. I now recognize Mr. Meadows for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Comstock. Thank you. And I now recognize Mr. Lipinski for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Comstock. Thank you. And I now recognize myself for 5 minutes. I wanted to highlight the, an issue that I raised in my opening statement, and that I think I've talked about with Mr. Wiedefeld and Ms. Flowers. That our average costs at Metro are higher, according to the Federal Transit Administration documents that I'm reading, our operator expenses per vehicle revenue mile are 124 percent of the average. Up to our operating expense per passenger mile is 151 percent.    And I think that works out to hourly rates of a track walker of $36 an hour and with benefits $53 an hour. Track repairs, $32 an hour with benefits up to $48. And that's compared to Davis-Bacon prevailing wage rates, they would be $23 an hour, and with benefits more like $30 an hour. And that leads to my question that I'd asked in the opening, is, can we use outside contractors, and can we change whatever we need to in the labor contract in order to expedite this so we can use outside contractors that are able to provide the same service at a lower cost basically at the Davis-Bacon prevailing wage rates, and get this expedited with that kind of expertise?    Mrs. Comstock. But are they getting paid this contractor rate that you have with the existing employees, or can they be brought in and get these, these $30 rates where we have contractors who will come in and work for lower rates during this expedited time when we're trying to save money, get things back online? We can deal with the contract and things later, but I just want to make sure we can take advantage of this opportunity to save some money here and have workers who can help with that.    Mrs. Comstock. OK. Because I--we've met with people who would like to help there. So I would like to see if we can expedite that. And then on the technology front, as I mentioned in my opening statement, have--and excuse my language here--but have you, have you seen the Metro blog called ``Unsuck Metro''? I hope you're all familiar with that? I think a lot of--certainly I can tell you a lot of staff on the Hill are familiar with it, and the Federal employees. How are we using technology? And actually, that's a good--I mean I looked at that this morning and throughout the hearing.    One of their major questions they do want to know is about this rape incident, about the crime. So I would like you to address that. But I also wanted to address in terms of technology, why don't we in the interest of transparency, and to enable all of your riders to assist in some of things that Mr. Lipinski talked about, how can we plug into the system and go in and see, here's where all the recent crimes have been, by station? We should be able to have--we have the technology, at very low cost.    I mean, if this blog can do this, certainly we can do it at little to no cost. Other than--I've spoken with the technology companies that are doing this in other metro areas around the country. And this technology enables us to look at the, do safety pictures. You know, while you're out there fixing it, you get a picture. You have the time stamp of the person working on it. So there's a lot of accountability. That can go up online immediately for all of us to see. And all of those hundreds of unmet safety issues right now, can we have them all online today? We can see where they are, at each station. And as they disappear, we can see them disappear. We can see new ones go online. And in your interest of transparency, can you commit to providing that as well as using the technology?    Mrs. Comstock. And I think it's, and I, we talked about this with Ms. Flowers last week, when your staff came in too. And if we just had that ability for the public, when they see something, something like Mr. Lipinski said, that goes into the system and it can be time-stamped. We have the technology. I mean, if somebody had seen that fire that day, taken the picture and sent it in, are your folks tracking that and saying, ``OK, this is a picture that just came in from this station. It's time-stamped. It lines up.'' You don't have to send anyone out to the station, I mean, to verify that. You've got a picture that is time-stamped and does that. And I can give that to you as well as somebody who's paid $50 an hour to do it. So these time lapses that we have shouldn't be occurring, given we have the technology that can--I mean, really, when you look at the fatality that occurred, most of what we know about it occurred from people using their cell phones and giving us that information. And let's make sure we're using that to maximum effect, and that your staff isn't creating new methods, but is taking advantage of all that.    Mrs. Comstock. OK. And could we go back to that rape incident, that report.    Mrs. Comstock. Why wasn't that made public at the time?    Mrs. Comstock. Why didn't we know about that?    Mrs. Comstock. But can that also be reported, to have those crime statistics on the Web site by station or by whatever way, so that we all know that immediately? I appreciate that it was solved quickly. I guess the criminal used a smartcard? Is that----    Mrs. Comstock. So while that was resolved quickly, the public at large didn't know about it, and that, you know, in reading the blog that's somebody--something that everyone's concerned about. So can we take those crime statistics----    Mrs. Comstock . Whether it's, hey there's somebody who's at Capitol South snatching purses--I understand cell phones being stolen are one of the most common things that happen at the stations because people are there looking at them, they aren't paying attention. Someone snatches it, runs out the door. Can we have those kind of incidents per station reported so that people know the stations they're going to, they can look, they can see what is going on there in real time? And just having all that, statistics. Now, I think what will also help you in that way, if we have that available, is all of our transportation resources, universities that are looking at data, you'll give them a vast amount of research data to help you do some work, you know, that you don't have to pay for.    Mrs. Comstock. But I just think the information is power for the customers. You know, as you've heard, people are becoming more afraid to use it. I wanted to mention, in addition to our costs being higher, 120 to 150 percent--are you confident you can bring those costs down in the upcoming negotiations?    Mrs. Comstock. OK. And I wanted to point out and emphasize that given our costs are 120 to 150 percent higher, it's incredibly distressing that our performance I believe is at 75 percent, our entire performance now, when our transit system is up in the high 90s. So that's the disconnect that people see, and the concern. So thank you. And I know I've run over my time here. I now recognize Ms. Esty for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Comstock. And now I recognize Ms. Norton for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Comstock. Thank you. I'm now going to recognize myself for another 5 minutes also. Going back to some of the labor costs, do you, can you tell us what does, for example, a track inspector position, what do those pay?    Mrs. Comstock. OK. And I, and I know, I know you're new. So I'm not blaming you. We've had some other questions and I haven't been able to get some answers on just some of the labor costs and what we're paying people per hour. And again, as we're talking about how we right-size this and how we get the expenses under control, I think it's very helpful to have that transparent and to know what these jobs pay in comparison to----    Mrs. Comstock. OK. And then on the, the 20 people who were fired, I assume that there's some longevity there? So those people are still getting their pensions and getting paid, you know, in the future, so we have legacy costs there. And that was one of the questions I had asked you in terms of, because currently the policy right now is the overtime goes towards their pension. So when you have overtime in the system. So we were trying to find out what level of overtime there was throughout the system. Now, I understand while we're doing this accelerated repair, that there's inevitably going to be some overtime. But that again would be why I would hope we would look to contracting out where we'll not only be able to avoid that overtime, you'll be able to avoid the long-term legacy costs that overtime currently would present, as well as being able to contract out at a lower cost. So again, I'd reemphasize that.    Mrs. Comstock. OK. And then in going forward in the labor negotiations, what are we the public and Congress able to see? I know we had talked about this a little bit. In terms of what are we able to see in the transparency in the labor process and what's being negotiated and what. Because you're going to have to negotiate this.    But really since we're partners in this and the whole region is, I think it's important that we, you know, Virginia, Maryland, DC, Congress, all know what the negotiations are and the terms and how we compare to other systems throughout the country. What kind of information can we get on that?    Mrs. Comstock. OK. But when it's presented to the board, can it also be presented to us in Congress?    Mrs. Comstock. OK. And then, and maybe also to the public. Because again, kind of feeding off of that ability for the public. We have a lot of expertise out there. There's a lot of people who'd like to compete in this space, probably to give us a better product, more technologically accurate. And when they were able to see, in a transparent way, how we operate, I think that will give us, there are more people coming forward to talk to us, to talk to you. So if we can open up that process and just have an open platform in whatever way we need to, to get that information out. Whether it be the maintenance, you know, what we're paying various contracts, paratransit. You've highlighted for us that you're looking at other ways we can save. As well as the technology.    Mrs. Comstock. OK. Ms. Flowers, do you have anything to add on that front, on how we might be able to help you do your job in terms of how you're trying to approach this?    Ms. Flowers. We thank you for the support that you have provided to us through the FAST Act as well as MAP-21, in expanding our authority. We have the challenges of the additional authority and like everyone else here at the table, funding for that authority is one of the challenges that we have. So we just look for the support through the appropriation process to provide us with the necessary resources that are needed to do our job.    Mrs. Comstock. OK. And finally, I guess I'm running out of time here, but there's no one else I'm imposing upon except the witnesses. But I wanted to ask about the ROCC. Which, you know, I've been up to visit, and thank you and your staff for bringing us there and continuing to update us on what is going on there. I understand right now, if it's correct, that we have 46 positions are allocated for the controllers there. But there are currently 19 vacancies? Is that still accurate?    Mrs. Comstock. OK.    Mrs. Comstock. OK. So we're getting online to----    Mrs. Comstock. And I appreciate that, because you know, as you know, both in formal reports as well as things as informal as you know, I've cited it before and cited it to you all, the Washingtonian magazine article that kind of gave the customer account but also the worker account of that. That was seen as sort of a source of a lot of the problems are--what kind of actions are you able to take so far and do you see taking forward to correct a lot of the problems that were there?    Mrs. Comstock. OK. OK. Well, I appreciate all of your time and your attention to this important matter. I think you've heard from all of our colleagues in the region here as well as the chairman here and Members who've been involved in these issues for years. There is a large measure of goodwill and appreciation for what you're doing and the difficulty of the task ahead. And I think it's very important that as long as we are able to stay united on this and work with you on fixing this--you know, we know we will have problems and disagreements, you know, down the road.    But I think as much as we can keep this together and where you can come to us and tell us tools that you do not have, as you run into blockages where you can say, well you know, ``We could do this faster and I can keep my year deadline or even shorten the year deadline if I could you know, have this authority from Congress or if we could change this law.'' If there are legislative fixes that we need or things that you aren't able to do under current rules, please let FTA know, let us know. If you know, if you aren't getting the kind of support from wherever, we need to know.    And I'd also invite the listening public too, and those who go on blogs of whatever name, that you let us know your experience. Take those pictures. I can tell you when I was on the Transportation Committee in the statehouse, people would send me their pictures of road problems, things. I would be able to send them right to VDOT , and when I had a picture, when I had a location, it always got handled much faster. And we have people on these trains every day who are dealing with things.    Take those pictures, send it up, put them on blogs, get that attention. Because then, whether it's the supervisors or anyone else there's nowhere to run to. It's there. We know it. You know, we're working through these problems in a systematic way. So I would ask all of us to be partners in helping you do your job. And thank you. So I ask unanimous consent that the record of today's hearing remain open until such time as our witnesses have provided answers to any questions that may be submitted to them in writing, and unanimous consent that the record remain open for 15 days for additional comments and information submitted by Members or witnesses to be included in the record of today's hearing. And without objection, it is so ordered. And if no other Members have anything to add, this subcommittee stands adjourned.