    Mr. Zales. Chairman Fleming, Ranking Member Huffman, and members of the subcommittee, my name is Robert F. Zales, II. I am appearing today on behalf of the National Association of Charterboat Operators. Thank you for your invitation to present testimony on H.R. 3094, that will add desperately needed and long overdue flexibility to the management of Gulf of Mexico red snapper by allowing the five Gulf states the ability to take over management.    NACO represents charterboat owners and operators across the United States, including the Great Lakes, with a substantial membership from the Gulf of Mexico. My family and I have been in the charter and commercial fishing sectors for 50 years. Until this May, I was actively involved in fishery management for over 26 years, providing advice, testimony, publications, and helping to design charter fishing data collection programs on Federal, state, and local levels. Due to my mother's recent medical issues that began this past April, I have resigned from all the voluntary advisory positions I have held to take care of her, but still stay abreast of all issues that affect my industry.    The majority of the members in the Gulf have no confidence in the continued management of red snapper by the NMFS. Stakeholders have made multiple requests to state marine source agencies to take over data collection and provide more local control over red snapper, resulting in all five Gulf states developing new and improved data collection methods and an improved effort in Congress to advance H.R. 3094.    We have worked with Congress to make positive changes to the MSA on collection of recreational fishery data and other management issues. Current requirements of the MSA are overly restrictive, require arbitrary rebuilding timelines based on no science, and do not allow any flexibility in management. Flexibility in management must be allowed, which is why we fully support and encourage the passage of H.R. 3094.    Problems with the NMFS management of red snapper are many, and apparently cannot be fixed under Federal management. In the Gulf of Mexico, when you put a baited hook in the water, odds are you will catch a red snapper. While the red snapper biomass continues to increase, the number of days available to the recreational sector has steadily declined since 1996, and has been drastically reduced since 2007.    When you view the biomass growth of red snapper over time, you see a steady upper trend with no decline in any year, regardless of any quota over-runs. The NMFS has consistently punished the recreational sector by reducing allowed days of fishing for red snapper due to over-runs which have never adversely affected the growth of the fishery or restricted any efforts to reach the rebuilding target.    In 2009, in retaliation to the state of Florida and a charter-for-hire fleet for their action to keep state waters open to recreational red snapper fishing when the NMFS closed the EEZ, Dr. Crabtree had the Gulf Council pass a regulatory amendment, typically known as 30B, that restricted all federally-permitted charter-for-hire vessels to compliance with Federal regulations, regardless of where they fish. This single act created more disruption and division among the recreational sector than any other action I have witnessed, and caused a significant rift in the recreational angling community.    The 30B rule has denied access and the opportunity to catch red snapper to thousands of recreational anglers. Charter vessel owners and operators do not harvest recreational fish, the recreational angler on board does. Charter vessels are simply the platforms providing anglers the opportunity to fish recreationally.    The Environmental Defense Fund was successful, scheming with the NMFS and a small group of red snapper commercial fishermen, in instituting IFQs in 2007. The majority of the commercial red snapper quota is owned by a small group of individuals, who the NMFS has enriched--really made millionaires by giving them the public fishery resource. Over 15 percent of the red snapper commercial quota is owned by people who do not even own a vessel, as they do not fish the IFQs. Rather, they lease their shares to other commercial fishermen, much like old-time plantation owners who allowed sharecroppers to farm the land.    The well-funded effort by EDF through their shill, puppet organizations such as the Charter Fishermen's Association, Shareholder Alliance, and Gulf Seafood Institute, over the past several years has resulted in the recently NMFS-approved amendment 40, severing the recreational charter-for-hire sector from the recreational sector. This amendment was approved by a 9-7 Council vote over thousands of objections and public testimony provided by stakeholders. The majority of permitted charter-for-hire vessel owners do not support this segregation.    The pseudonym for EDF in the Gulf is Charter Fishermen's Association. Despite CFA assertions, the majority of the charter-for-hire fleet opposes the status quo and supports H.R. 3094.    Recreational fisheries are not commercial fisheries and cannot be managed the same way. Red snapper management is not a one-size-fits-all scheme. Every area between Key West and Brownsville has different fishing seasons, tourist seasons, and needs. States provide improved and more accurate recreational data, as has recently been proven in Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, and with new efforts in Florida. Each state has proved to be a successful steward of both state- and federally-managed species.    Regional management makes it easier for the public to participate through more local and more convenient outlets. States will have the ability to use a superior management program, as done----    Mr. Zales. Thank you for your time, I will answer any questions.    Mr. Zales. If you have one state that the other states are going to say is not compliant, I would suggest that that state must be non-compliant, according to the data that is available, so they probably need to be shut down. If you remain within your perimeters, then you should not have any problem. I cannot imagine three states saying somebody is out of compliance, if they are not.    Mr. Zales. Yes, and I have kind of upset some of the state directors in the past by making the comment that I am fixing to tell you--the National Marine Fisheries Service has not only the right, but the obligation under MSA to pre-empt when a fishery is being overfished outside the perimeters of the Fisheries Service guidelines.    So, where the Fisheries Service has come in and said all the states are non-compliant, the Fisheries Service has allowed them to be non-compliant. They could have gone in and pre-empted at any time. They have not done it. You hear about Texas all the time. Texas could have been pre-empted years and years ago. You would not have had the excess there.    Mr. Zales. That is not my understanding of the reading of the bill. My understanding of the reading of the bill is that you still have the fisheries or the MSA umbrella in charge of----    Mr. Zales. Yes. And, real quick, if I could answer the thing about the 3 percent shift in allocation. The Fisheries Service, in their data system, 2 or 3 years ago they did a study and they determined that people actually land fish after 3 o'clock in the afternoon. When they did that, they had to go back over time and re-adjust the landings from recreational data to commercial. The difference in the current allocation between commercial and recreational in the Gulf for red snapper is based on people actually harvesting fish after 3 o'clock in the afternoon for many, many years.    But to your point----    Mr. Zales. In other words, up until 2 years ago the Fisheries Service did not think people fished after 3 o'clock in the afternoon. I always have.    But getting to the point about the quota thing--in 2000, I think it was, a lady by the name of Pam Baker, who was with the Environmental Defense Fund at the time, came to several of us throughout the Gulf and suggested that we join in to a concept of community-based quota systems that would work with forming a board--for Panama City they would get a certain share of the quota. A board would be developed with people like me sitting on the board, and then we would determine how that quota would be allocated. That was where this whole thing has kind of evolved.    At the time, it sounded good for somebody like me that, OK, well, I am going to benefit greatly. But the people that are around me--some of them friends, some of them not--they are not going to benefit. Some of them are going to be put out of business, some of them are going to lose. And I couldn't see, because I believe in the fair market system--I will compete with Gary any day of the week, side by side, on booking trips. But as far as having somebody say, ``OK, well, this person is going to be given this amount,'' that then gives them an unfair advantage over me, which I would be one of those people to have the unfair advantage. I do not see the purpose in that. To me, it is just not right, it is not fair. So I do not support it.