    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Dr. Roe.    Just following this line of questioning, for Mr. Flohr or Mr. Bertoni, if you have these numbers, in terms of the goal of returning veterans who are unemployable to employable status, what kind of numbers do we have on that? What has been the success rate?    Mr. O'Rourke. Yes. What kind of numbers do we have for veterans who have been classified as unemployable who are later classified as employable or find a job?    And I agree with everything that has been said. Nobody, or very few people, don't want to work. I mean, in terms of self-esteem, their ability to provide for themselves and their family, and moving forward in their careers, everyone wants to work.    So what has our success been in helping veterans get back to work?    Mr. O'Rourke. Has GAO looked at that at all?    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay. Could you share with me and the other members of the committee what you do have?    Mr. O'Rourke. I will ask that question for the record and would love to hear back from you.    And then for Mr. Flohr, I am reading the staff summary of the GAO findings. VBA guidance on how to determine a veteran's unemployability is incomplete. Format and delivery of TDIU guidance does not support efficient claims decisionmaking. VBA quality assurance approach does not provide comprehensive assessment of TDIU decisions. And VBA does not verify self-reported income eligibility information.    Do you agree with all of those findings, Mr. Flohr.    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay.    And for Mr. Varela and Mr. de Planque, beyond those GAO findings--and if you disagree with them, let me know--but, beyond those, do you see a significant problem to be solved within TDIU?    Mr. de Planque. you said there are ways this can be improved, and you talked about partnerships and better communication. But, other than that, do you see any necessary improvements to the program?    Mr. de Planque. Well, there are improvements there, obviously, with the communication between agencies. I think VA is going to win overall if they can get a more consistent adjudication. And I think they would agree on that. That is what I think they want; it is what we all want. And that is not unique to the IU, you know, part of the disability process.    So I think, you know, those are two main areas that could definitely get a lot of focus. And I think if we can get consistent adjudication out of every RO, then that is a win for everyone. So I think those would be two of the largest areas to look at.    Mr. O'Rourke. Mr. Varela, anything to add?    Mr. O'Rourke. And just very quickly in 10 seconds, Mr. Flohr, on that point, is the 94-percent accuracy rate that you talked about, is that independently verified or determined, or is that determined within VBA?    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay.    And has GAO looked at that to confirm that?    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay.    Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield back.    Mr. O'Rourke. Do you have further questions?    Mr. O'Rourke. I may have just a couple, if you don't mind.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, following up on the question that Dr. Roe just asked, I would also like to see more information about the 6,800 and how many of those were deemed employable again versus 100 percent. And, of those who were deemed employable, how many actually found employment? I think that is important for us to know.    And my second request or question is the four findings that the GAO has made, Mr. Flohr, that you have acknowledged and are working on, what is your deadline to complete the work necessary to come into compliance or to resolve the concerns in those?    And if you have already given us that, I apologize. I didn't hear it.    Mr. O'Rourke. Of this month. And do you feel confident in meeting all of those proposed deadlines?    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay.    And then my last question, Mr. Chairman, is for Mr. Bertoni.    When I had asked questions during the previous round about the 94-percent accuracy rating, Mr. Flohr said that that is done internally by the VA. You said you don't disagree with the 94 percent, but you may disagree with what that represents. I would like to give you a chance to expand on that answer.    Mr. O'Rourke. As with all VA measurements, I would like to see more independent assessments and verifications of anything that the VA reports because of past concerns--or, current concerns based upon past problems that we have had with VA self-reporting. So any further recommendations that you have or that the VSOs have, I think we are very open to hear those.    Mr. O'Rourke. Great.    And, again, if there is a specific proposal from American Legion or anyone else about how to more accurately assess how VBA is doing, I am very open to seeing that, and either VA adopts that or we can introduce that as legislation. So thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. O'Rourke. Do you have any closing comments?    Mr. O'Rourke. I do not. Thank you.