    Mr. Owen. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Hunter, Chairwoman McSally, Ranking Members Garamendi and Vela, and esteemed members of the subcommittees. Thank you for the opportunity to testify here today to discuss the role of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in the prevention and detection of smuggling activities at our ports of entry, an important responsibility we share with our partners here today.    As the lead DHS agency for border security, CBP works closely with our domestic and international partners to protect the Nation from a variety of dynamic threats, including those posed by containerized cargo arriving at our air, land, and sea ports. Before my appointment as the Executive Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Field Operations in February of 2015, I served in numerous capacities within CBP, most recently as the Director of Field Operations for the Greater Los Angeles area, including the L.A./Long Beach seaport. I have also served as the Executive Director over all of CBP's cargo security programs, and I know firsthand how complex cargo security operations are, and how valuable our programs and partnerships are to our national security.    Since the September 11 terrorist attacks, CBP has established security partnerships, enhanced our targeting and risk assessment programs, and invested in advance technology, all essential elements to our multilayer approach to protecting the Nation from the arrival of dangerous materials, including radiological and nuclear materials, at our ports of entry. CBP has several key programs that enhance our ability to assess cargo for risk, examine high-risk shipments at the earliest possible point, and increase the security of the supply chain. And I would like to highlight just a few of these efforts today.    First, CBP receives advanced information on every cargo shipment, every vessel, and every person before they arrive at our ports of entry.    Second, our advance targeting techniques use the advanced data to enhance our ability to assess risk associated with these cargo shipments and with the entities involved. The National Targeting Center, using the Automated Targeting System, has developed state-of-the-art capabilities to assess cargo shipments before they are laid and on board vessels destined for the United States.    Third, our partnerships, those with DHS and our other Federal partners, private industry, and foreign counterparts, increase information-sharing and enhance our domain awareness, our targeting capabilities, and the ability to intercept threats approaching our borders.    Pushing our security efforts outward, the Container Security Initiative, which was established specifically to prevent the use of maritime containerized cargo to transport a weapon of mass effect or destruction, enables CBP to work with foreign authorities to identify and examine potentially high-risk maritime containers at the first foreign ports, before they are laid and on board a vessel destined for the U.S. CBP now has 60 Container Security Initiative ports in 35 countries, and we screen over 80 percent of the maritime containerized cargo before it heads to the United States.    And finally, in partnership with DNDO, CBP has deployed nuclear and radiological detection equipment, including radiation portal monitors, radio isotope identification devices, and personal radiation detectors, nationwide. Using radiation portal monitors at our ports of entry, CBP is able to scan 100 percent of all mail and express consignment parcels, 100 percent of all truck cargo and personally owned vehicles arriving from Canada and Mexico, and 100 percent of all arriving maritime containerized cargo for the presence of radiological or nuclear materials.    CBP's detection technology, targeting capabilities, and partnerships are strategically aligned to prevent the arrival of dangerous materials or a dangerous weapon at a U.S. port. However, if such an event were to occur, CBP has established contingency plans and standard procedures to ensure a coordinated and effective response. In the event CBP detects a suspected radioactive source, all personnel are trained in secure, isolate, and notify protocols. The cargo is secured, the immediate area is isolated, and the scientific experts are notified. CBP scientists at the CBP Teleforensic Center in northern Virginia will confer with the Department of Energy, and, when necessary, refer the findings to the FBI to coordinate the appropriate response. All of these elements are part of a comprehensive cargo security strategy that enables CBP to identify and address the potential use of containerized cargo to transport radiologic weapons before they arrive at our Nation's ports of entry.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and I will be happy to answer your questions.    Mr. Owen. Right, and that is correct, 100 percent of the cargo does pass through a radiation portal monitor at whichever border crossing it is coming through. So we do have 100 percent coverage for the radiation scanning. A much smaller subset of those containers that we determine to be higher risk are then sent for an x ray, if you will, a large-scale--different types of intrusive systems to see what is inside the containers.    Those decisions are based on the targeting information that we receive, and our National Targeting Center has a very strong protocol, if you will, where we take not only the manifest information that the shipper provides, the importer information that the importing company will provide, we marry that up with our law enforcement databases, our trade databases, and most importantly, the information that we have from our intelligence community, as well as our international partners. All of those factors will determine that smaller subset, which is about 3.7 percent right now of those containers that we look at for highest risk.    Now, overseas we look at--of that 3.7 percent, about 1 percent of that is actually inspected overseas as part of our Container Security Initiative.    Mr. Owen. Of the 3 percent, so it is about 1.1 percent overseas before it heads our way, and about another 2.6 upon arrival, so about 3.7 in total.    Mr. Owen. Yes, absolutely. Back in 2006, 2007, we began to explore the idea of 100 percent scanning, where you would have the radiation screening as well as the x-ray screening before the container was put on the ship. We piloted this in six locations. We were in Qasim, Pakistan; we were in a terminal in South Korea; a terminal in Hong Kong; Port of Cortes, Honduras; Salalah, Oman; and in Southampton in the U.K.    Lots of different challenges that came up from the diplomatic, to having our personnel overseas. There were environmental issues, there was the biggest, which was the throughput of the cargo and the impact at having 100 percent x raying would take place.    The way these two systems work, the passive scanning of radiation is very--quite simple. The container passes through. If there is any radiation emitting, the technology will detect that. The challenge becomes with the x raying of the cargo, because that is a very manual process. Using the different technologies, an operator has to do different things to try to see if there is a threat. And that will slow down the process of the cargo flowing through the ports.    When you have gate traffic--and some of these ports we piloted in it was all gate traffic, so the cargo all arrived at an entry gate in--you can set up a suite of technology that will allow you to perform 100 percent scanning, realizing there will be some impact.    However, in most of your largest container ports around the world, it is transshipment ports. You have ship-to-ship, barge-to-ship, rail-to-ship, which presents a whole other challenge in terms of the flow of the cargo. So, after 4 years of testing this, we documented all of the different challenges, again, along the diplomatic, the operational, the impact, the limitations to the technology, and we decided that we would continue in the places that offer the greatest strategic benefit, that being Qasim, Pakistan--68,000 containers last year that came out of Qasim. Every one of those was scanned for radiation and an x ray was performed, the data being sent to our National Targeting Center here, in Virginia, where a U.S. CBP officer makes that go/no-go decision if that cargo is loaded on the vessel.    In the last year we have also expanded that same operation to Port of Aqaba in Jordan for obvious reasons. So that is the approach that we are taking. Where can 100 percent scanning add the greatest value to enhance our overall security overseas?    Mr. Owen. Yes, sir.    Mr. Owen. And we have a workload staffing model that identifies the resources that we need, and the resource staffing model shows that we are 2,107 officers below what we need to carry out the resources. About 500 of those are directed towards seaports. So, on the personnel side, we do have a model that has been validated by independent groups that show we need additional resources, about 500, for the seaports.    Also concerned about the aging technology that we have in our ports of entry, as well.    Mr. Owen. Well, again, with the--the way the law defined 100 percent scanning, it was the radiation and the x ray.    Mr. Owen. The radiation piece is doable, we are already doing that.    Mr. Owen. We are doing that all around the world. It is the x-ray piece.    Mr. Owen. I have not seen a piece of x-ray technology that has yet to offer automatic anomaly detection. Every piece that I have seen still requires intervention from an operator to identify where the anomalies are, and that takes time.    As you know, Los Angeles, Long Beach, 13,000 containers a day. Under your act we would scan and x ray 13,000 containers a day. U.S. Customs and Border Protection currently has 10 pieces of nonintrusive inspection equipment to do that. We cannot do 13,000 containers a day in Los Angeles with the equipment that we have.    So I think it is still an issue of the technology----    Mr. Owen. I have not yet seen technology that can solve the problem. I know the vendors are working towards technology that can solve the problem, but I have not yet seen it deployed or in an operational setting, where it would not add to the further congestion of the ports. So I think that is something we need to keep in mind, too.    You mentioned the $22 billion to $32 billion that the CBO report last month mentions. That does not include the reciprocal costs if foreign governments require the same actions in our ports. So if we had to scan every container leaving the U.S. to go foreign--because that is the requirement we have placed on them--I would argue there would be a detrimental impact on the throughput of the commerce through our ports, as well.