    Mr. Calingaert. Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Bass, Congressman Cicilline, thanks so much for the invitation to speak today. I applaud your leadership on human rights issues and especially for introducing the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act.    Earlier today, Freedom House released its annual global survey of press freedom, and the findings were really pretty grim. We see the lowest rating in 10 years. In a separate report where we look at political and civil rights generally, we have seen 9 straight years of decline.    What we are seeing, in essence, is a resurgence of authoritarian governments. And these governments are using tactics that are more and more brazen, and they are really showing open disdain for basic democratic standards. To pick just one example, in Egypt, over 1,400 political activists have been sentenced to death in mass trials that did not even have basic elements of due process. The world is becoming more hostile to our values and also our interests, because undemocratic forces, particularly authoritarian governments, are driving political change.    The U.S. needs to take the initiative on human rights away from authoritarian governments, and the best way to do this is to target their weak spots; namely, impunity and corruption.    Why should we hold individual officials to account for human rights abuses? Well, first, to put increased pressure on governments to respect human rights--and in most cases this means to follow their own constitutions and live up to their own commitments to international human rights agreements.    Second, to deter future human rights violations. If a penalty hangs over a perpetrator's head, he or she may think twice about committing the crime.    Third, to force authoritarian rulers to make a difficult choice. Either they can protect the most repugnant officials in their regimes and attract further scrutiny to the worst aspects of their rule, or they can cut loose the very officials who do their dirty work and keep them in power.    Why should we focus on corruption? Because it is the Achilles' heel of authoritarian regimes. For ordinary citizens, human rights are sometimes a bit abstract, but they fully understand the harm caused by corruption. They detest the injustice of rulers enriching themselves at the public's expense, particularly when citizens are struggling to make ends meet.    The popular uprising in Ukraine against then-President Yanukovych was in large part a reaction to the corruption in the government. The Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 provided a sound policy instrument to address human rights abuses in Russia. It introduced a measure of accountability for the perpetrators of those abuses.    The law carefully targeted visa bans and asset freezes on individuals responsible for gross human rights violations, and it in no way harmed ordinary Russians. The Global Magnitsky bill would direct the President to extend the same consequences to perpetrators of human rights abuses and corrupt officials anywhere in the world.    The global scope of this bill is a key strength. It means no country is singled out, and it would apply to countries like China and Saudi Arabia that tend to escape criticism for their human rights abuses because of competing economic or security interests.    There are a great many others around the world like Sergei Magnitsky who have been targeted for abuse because they dare to call for justice or freedom. To cite just a few recent examples, Gao Yu was sentenced to 7 years in prison in China, really for doing her job, for being a forthright and principled journalist.    Raif Badawi was sentenced in Saudi Arabia to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes because his Web site hosted criticism of senior religious figures. The Zone Nine bloggers in Ethiopia face a possible death sentence on terrorism charges because they documented human rights abuses and reported on political prisoners.    In Azerbaijan, Rasul Jafarov was sentenced to 6\1/2\ years for exposing the government's poor human rights record at a time when that government is trying to burnish its international credentials and preparing for hosting the European games in June. And also, in Azerbaijan, Khadija Ismayilova was imprisoned because she dared to investigate and publish news articles about corruption by the family of the President Aliyev. The list could go on and on.    The perpetrators of these and similar abuses are rarely denied the benefit of entry to the United States or access to our financial system. The Global Magnitsky bill would change that. If passed, this bill may elicit some angry responses from some authoritarian rulers or complicate U.S. relations with some governments. But what can they say? They can't openly admit that they harbor individuals responsible for human rights abuses and corruption.    When the United States defends human rights, it usually faces resistance--that is expected--but we press ahead because we know that what we are doing is right, and we refuse to let authoritarian rulers dictate the terms of our relationship with them.    We can't accept that the price of security or economic cooperation is to look the other way on human rights violations. We need to be confident enough both to continue the cooperation with other governments but still to hold human rights abusers and corrupt officials to account.    Thank you.    Mr. Calingaert. I agree with Bill Browder that I would expect, let us say, slow walking from any administration if the bill passes, but I think it would change the dynamic of the debate. In the human rights field, there is a lot of focus on abuses themselves and bringing them to light and condemning them. There are efforts to support human rights defenders and acknowledge their courage, but there are these missing pieces of really figuring out who is responsible and when and how will justice take place.    I think there is growing attention in the human rights field, but there could be much more of that. I wouldn't claim this is in any way systematic, but just sort of asking experts in the field, both about China and Iran, about how difficult would it be to compile information on the officials responsible for the kind of gross violations that we are talking about.    And, you know, some groups are, but my sense is it is probably not as systematic as it could be, and I think the opening that the bill H.R. 624 provides would really invite this, because it is not just an opportunity for Congress to suggest names to add to the visa ban list, but also opportunity for human rights organizations to do so.    And I think by opening that door you will get a response, and then it puts the onus on the administration to explain who they are adding to the list, and if they are keeping people off the list do they have good reasoning for that.    Mr. Calingaert. I can't give a detailed assessment. I would make a couple of points. First of all, I would hope that if the bill passes that Congress would also look into the possibility of authorizing some additional funds for implementing, because even if the, let us say, State Department and Treasury Department agree, you will want to make sure that they have the people to follow up on the names that are submitted from Congress, from others.    I mean, and, you know, you heard the context of my remarks. I think this act, and its implementation, should really receive priority because it can change this much larger dynamic in the world. I mean, obviously, we keep pushing on all of the different fronts of legislation and the work that human rights groups do, but I have a hard time thinking of any other tool out there that really just pinpoints the most noxious aspects of the worst regimes out there and could really be effective with the tools that we have.