    Mr. Malinowski. Thank you so much Chairman Salmon. Very good to see you again.    And, Mr. Sherman, who is also a member of the DRL human rights family, thank you so much for inviting us.    Let me start with some general impressions. Promoting human rights and democracy in Asia is something we do because it is the right thing to do. It also advances our strategic interests. It helps to build more stable societies. It advances our economic goals in a number of ways.    Perhaps most important from my point of view it aligns the United States with the aspirations of everyday people across this region with--it aligns us with the values that they admire. We sometimes get into arguments with governments on these issues, but we are fundamentally in agreement with the people of China, with the people of Vietnam, with the people of Burma about the basic human aspiration to be treated with dignity and fairness and with full respect for rights. And that agreement is a strategic advantage for the United States we need to preserve.    By the same token, the flip side of that is that our strategic presence in Asia, our alliances, our trade agreements, our ability to provide security and reassurance also enables us to promote democracy and human rights more effectively. To advance our values we need to be the great power that is shaping the agenda, and that our allies look to as their most reliable partner because there are alternative visions out there. There are alternative agenda setters out there. So, to be effective, we have to be present and principled at the same time.    With that in mind, you have asked us to address a few specific situations. I am going to say a few words about Burma. I am going to throw in a little bit about Vietnam where you and I met recently, and my colleague, Deputy Assistant Secretary Marciel, will cover some of the other countries that you asked us to focus on.    So, first, Burma, which is, it is first of all a country that has come a long way from the absolute military dictatorship that it was just a few years ago but is not yet where we need it and want it to be. It is undergoing an evolution, not a revolution. Everything is being negotiated. It is still operating under the old military constitution. There is still armed conflict, religious tension, the tragic situation of the Rohingya minority.    Our policy has been to support a democratic transition but with realism about how far Burma has to go and caution about not moving too fast ourselves. So we have eased sanctions. We haven't fully lifted them. We have encouraged U.S. investment but not with military industries. We have welcomed the progress we have seen, but we have also continued to speak out about the problems.    This is a very important year. There will be elections in Burma later this year, the first nationwide competitive elections there in a very long time. Those elections will have inherent flaws because of the system in place. They do, if they reflect credibly the will of Burmese people, they do offer a chance to take a step forward.    If the democratic forces do well, for example, they will form the next government. They will select the next President. They will have the leverage to press for the next stage of reform. So we are going to support the elections as best as we can. But we will be looking not just at the credibility of that process but at the credibility of the democratic transition that we hope will follow, including, we hope, changes to the constitution that empower civilians over the military and that give Burmese people the right to choose the President they want.    And we are also going to continue to press to right the wrongs being committed against the Rohingya minority, which President Obama, when he was in Rangoon recently, called Burma's most urgent matter.    Now, let me say also just a few words about Vietnam, and I want to talk about this in the context of the choice that Members are going to have to make very shortly on TPA and eventually on TPP because that choice is going to have a huge impact on what we are going to do going forward.    And I recognize that it is not an easy choice for many Members, especially those who are concerned about human rights and labor rights in Vietnam.    We see exactly what you see in that country. It is still a one-party state. It is still a country in which people are persecuted for political opinions. And it is, again, a country that is not where we yet want it or need it to be.    But going back to the point I made at the outset, we have to be present, and we have to be principled. I think the TPP meets both of those tests. First of all, it is an example of strategic presence of the United States trying to play the leading role in shaping the norms and institutions of Asia for a generation to come. If we cede that role to others, that is not going to be good for the cause of human rights and democracy.    Second of all, it is principled because built into TPP are a set of requirements and expectations unlike in past trade agreements. Those requirements and expectations feed into a debate that is underway in Vietnam already between those who want to open up the society and those who want to keep it closed. And those who want to keep it to make it more open are using the prospect of membership in TPP as their number one argument for moving forward. And under the spotlight of that debate, there has been progress, more releases, vastly fewer convictions for political offenses, ratification of human rights treaties and the beginning of comprehensive legal reform. And most important, a requirement built into the treaty that Vietnam allow for the very first time freedom of association, the creation of independent trade unions, breaking the Communist Party's monopoly on trade union organizing, which would be a huge deal if we can get it. And those changes will have to be made in Vietnamese law before they can enjoy the benefits of TPP.    So is this enough? No, it is not, but it will be significant. It will be necessary in terms of what we are trying to achieve. And, without the prospect of TPP, it would not be happening. And TPA, which is what you all are being asked to vote for in coming days, is what keeps that prospect open and thus gives us the leverage to keep pressing for more.    I have focused on this as much as any other human rights issue in the world. And I can tell you that this is the entree. This is the reason why the Vietnamese Government is willing to listen to us on these issues. So I ask you to consider this, not as a leap of faith, but as an exercise in leverage in trying to achieve the kind of progress that we have been hoping for in Vietnam for a long time, but only now I think have a chance to achieve.    With that, I will turn the rest over to my colleague, Mr. Marciel.    Mr. Malinowski. I would point to a different agency of our Government because I am not sure in----    Mr. Malinowski. Yeah, I am a very big believer in the general principle that you just outlined, that the greatest weakness of authoritarian states writ large around the world is corruption. That is the thing that units the most people in demanding the rule of law, demanding democratic government, ordinary people, as we have seen everywhere.    And we do have tools in our Government that we--that are in some cases not as well developed as they should be, but that are becoming better developed to try and fight corruption throughout the world. I am not just going to make this about----    Mr. Malinowski. And where I was heading with this is that we have, for example, anti-kleptocracy unit in our Justice Department, which I would think could use more resources to do this kind of work all over the world, whether it is FIFA or whether it is Russia or whether it is China or the Middle East. It is apolitical, and so no one can accuse it of serving a particular foreign policy interest of the day, and that is important because it is more credible. But it is very, very powerful.    Mr. Malinowski. We, all of us at this table, and many others in the administration, have had that conversation with them repeatedly, from the level of Aung San Suu Kyi--I have spoken to her personally about this, as have others, including President Obama--all the way down to the rank and file activists.    Some of them have done the right thing. And my bureau, among the programs that we support in Burma are programs that work with democratic activists who are trying to promote tolerance in that society, including with respect to the Muslim minority and the Rohingya minority. You have seen just what we are up against in terms of the deep-seated social prejudice and the discrimination that flows from it. It is a much harder problem to deal with than if we just had an evil government that was repressing people.    But it is, as President Obama said, in many ways the most urgent problem because if I can think of anything that could derail this entire democratic transition over time, it is the ability of irresponsible forces in that country to divide people on the basis of religion and race. So we are absolutely seized with it. I will not claim to you that we have solved the problem because, obviously, we have not. But it is our, I would say, top priority.    Mr. Malinowski. Sure. As I mentioned in my opening statements, there are inherent flaws in this--in these elections, inherent flaws in the system. You mentioned a couple of them, the 25 percent allocation to the military, so it is an election for 75 percent of the seats, not for 100 percent. I would add that the Parliament that will be selected in these elections will not be fully empowered vis-a-vis the military because the military still has the ability to appoint some of the most important ministers in the country, interior, defense, so they control the muscle.    And all of this is--and of course, the problem that Aung San Suu Kyi, by virtue of her foreign birth is barred--I am sorry, the foreign citizenship of her sons, is barred from seeking the presidency, which is also a provision in the constitution.    So these are inherent flaws, and they are not likely to be resolved before the election takes place. That said, it is possible, not guaranteed, but it is possible that the elections will allow the people of Burma to express their will and to elect candidates of their choice in a very competitive process. The democratic forces in the country, including Aung San Suu Kyi's party, are all in. They are going to compete in these elections. If they do well, if they end up with a majority in the Parliament, which they can do if they win two-thirds of the seats--that is how the math works, and they are capable of doing that--then they get to pick the next President, which will not be Aung San Suu Kyi under the system, but they will get to choose who it is. They will form the next government.    And you can see in that scenario that they will have a lot of political leverage to be able to negotiate changes to that constitution to fix the problems that we have just been discussing.    So that is the hopeful scenario. It is not by any means guaranteed. But that is what we have been encouraging, not just credible elections but a credible, democratic transition following the elections to fix those structural problems in the system.    Mr. Malinowski. Thank you, Congressman.    Those are very, very important questions that we have been.    Mr. Malinowski. In terms of where they are now, let me start there.    Mr. Malinowski. Vietnam, as you know, does not have legally--does not legally recognize independent trade unions. There is one Communist Party affiliated trade union that is supposed to represent all of the workers of the country and that, you know, puts on shows, and helps with vacations and doesn't really do very much, although they are now beginning to feel a little bit of pressure.    Interestingly, in the last few years, there has been a growth of unrecognized.    Mr. Malinowski. There have been many strikes which have been organized by, you know, what we would call a local trade union. It is just not recognized as such. And then in a number of recent cases, the government has reacted appropriately. They have negotiated with the workers. They have in some cases given into their demands. And I think this is partly because of the spotlight of TPP, but I think it is also because there are deep changes within the Vietnamese society that the government is trying to understand and keep up with.    So there is free associating going on in Vietnam, but there is not freedom of association in the sense that what people are doing is not yet guaranteed, recognized, protected within the law.    So what TPP requires, not just of Vietnam but all of the members, is compliance with the internationally recognized labor right of freedom of association. In the specific negotiations we are having in terms of how to effectuate that commitment, the details of that are being hammered out. And it is not an easy negotiation because what we are asking of Vietnam is meaningful. If it weren't meaningful, they would have agreed to it months ago, but they know that what we are asking them to do would be, in effect, revolutionary in that system.    Mr. Malinowski. It would be, and you know, you will see the details when it is agreed, and it is not yet agreed.    But it will have to include, we have said this, a legal guarantee that workers in factories and enterprises around Vietnam will be able to form their own unions, elect their own leaders, set their own policies, decide on their own whether, and when, and how to go on strike, communicate with each other, factory to factory. And, again, all of this will have to be--it can't be a promise. It is going to have to actually get done in law.    All of that said, I have got no illusions, and I agree with Congressman Sherman that if all of that is done, we are not going to be in a place where this is settled. Of course, it is going to remain unsettled precisely because it is meaningful. There will be forces on the other side that push back. What I asked myself is as somebody who is promoting this change, which by definition will take time in Vietnam, are we going to be better off? Are the Vietnamese workers going to be better off--civil society--a year or two from now if this right is guaranteed in Vietnamese law or not?    Absent this process, TPA now, if we get it, TPP, it will not be guaranteed because the political incentive to do this revolutionary thing, absent the benefit of joining TPP, is not great enough for the Vietnamese Communist Party. So will we be better off in that stage? Will they be empowered to demand even more rights? Will we be empowered to demand more of the Vietnamese?    My answer to that question is yes, which is why what I am urging you to do. And I am actually not asking you to vote for TPP because there is no TPP. I am asking you to keep this process going and to keep the prospect of TPP alive by voting for the authority, which will then allow us to spend the next few months, not only negotiating the agreement with the labor chapters as strong as possible, but also trying to get more people out of prison, trying to get reforms to the criminal code and other things that are needed to take Vietnam two or three steps further down that road. And then we are going to have to keep on fighting, absolutely.    Mr. Malinowski. Yeah, I mean, the particular time has to do actually with the weather. There is something----    Mr. Malinowski. There has been a traditional outflow of Bangladeshis who are fleeing for poverty, who are seeking opportunity and willing to take some risks.    I think one reason why it is difficult to answer this question is because there may be Rohingyas from Burma who, when asked where are you from, will say they are Bangladeshi because they fear they are going to be sent back somewhere, and they would rather be sent back to Bangladesh. It is very complicated.    There are also, I think among the Rohingyas, there are people who have voluntarily fled because the situation in their country is so intolerable, but we have also seen reports including from Human Rights Watch--and maybe you will be able to ask them in the next panel--that some have actually been seized by traffickers, that, you know, these trafficking networks that are at the heart of this, colluding often with corrupt officials in various countries, will actually go and nab people because they can sell them down the line.    Mr. Malinowski. In Burma. I have seen testimonies that suggest that some of the--testimonies of people who have landed in Malaysia, Thailand, suggesting that that is what happened to them.    Mr. Malinowski. Yes, so it is a complicated mix. But I think, you know, what it comes down to for us is, what do we do about it? And the initial, obviously, our initial instinct was we had people on the high seas who are at imminent risk of death. At that point, we are not distinguishing where they are from. Our focus was getting the Indonesians, the Malaysians, and the Thais to allow boats to land and to be proactive, to go out and do search and rescue, which we, I think, in a relatively short period of time, managed to convince many of them to do. We did our own search and rescue in the form of surveillance flights.