    Mr. Bersin. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Sires, Mr. Yoho, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you once again, particularly in the company of my distinguished colleagues, Misters Gonzalez and Kubiak.    I wanted to express our gratitude, certainly mine, for the comments you made with regard to the events in Brussels. I think in retrospect it will be seen in terms of European security and the effect on its borders as a game changer, building on what happened in Paris in January.    I was at a meeting of the European Institute today in which people were reacting to the events in Brussels and I thought it would be useful in the context of the hearing that you and your staff have structured, to offer some comments that I offered there. Because in fact, Europe is in the midst of a confluence of migration, refugees, asylum seekers, and terrorists. And in fact, it has set the European market on its back in the eurozone and the Schengen zone and it is placed them at great risk.    And in looking at the way in which the European nations have reacted to the crisis that they face with respect to border security, we begin to see them shutting down their individual borders, renouncing the Schengen zone, and generally hunkering down in ways that were reminiscent of the way in which we handled border security in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 when we shut down our airports. We shut down our seaports. We actually backed traffic south into Mexico and north into Canada by 10 to 20 miles as we looked at every trunk and we processed every passenger.    And I thought, reflected, for our European colleagues today how different our border security looks. To be sure, we are not seamless and we are not perfect and we are in a mode of continuous improvement as the discussion in the SCIF will undoubtedly focus on some of the issues that we should not take up in public session. But think about the difference in the way in which we handle border security from 15 years ago.    We used to see borders as lines on a map, the line that separated us from Mexico or Canada. And in fact, we now come to see because, in fact, we have learned that homeland security is intrinsically transnational. That is to say there is hardly an event that affects us inside our homeland that does not have a cause or effect that originates outside the homeland.    So we start to look at border security in terms of not just in lines, but in flows. And in the global world that makes a lot of sense in terms of the constant movement of migrants, capital labor, electrons, goods, and people, constantly back and forth across the line.    So we have come to see the fact that our ports of entry, the 327 airports, seaports, and land ports, are not the first line of defense, but rather they are the last line of defense. And what we have to do is secure the flow of goods and people toward the border lines, toward our homeland, as far away from them as possible, and as early in time before the arrival at the border. And we have implemented that as the testimony of my colleagues and I today will again document, but with which the chairman and Ranking Member Yoho are familiar.    The second thing that was pointed out, so that, in fact, don't move away from your--don't just hunker down at your border line, but manage the flows. And think our testimony will show that we do that.    Second is don't fragment your border agencies. I know that in the 1990s there were at each of our ports of entry there were three separate port managers, one from Treasury, for Customs; one for Justice, for Immigration; and one from Agriculture for agricultural inspection. As a result of the creation of DHS, we have actually created an integrated set of missions that will improve over time as the Defense Department has to actually perform a single border security function effectively.    Third, we recognize that you cannot stop everything. We are looking for a needle in a haystack, because in fact, 97, 98 or more percent of the passing of people and goods are perfectly lawful and legitimate. And when we look for the needle in the haystack, we have developed means and methods of doing it, but we recognize that it is based on risk management and making assessments and managing our borders, not seamlessly, but with the data that we have and the intelligence that we can garner.    Lastly, we have learned that we cannot do this alone, that we have to do it in partnership not only inside the government, among the agencies of the United States Government, but also with foreign partners. And a lot of our border security today with regard to migration, as well as drugs, as well as intellectual property protection, as well as counterterrorist activity depends on the partnerships that we have created with our foreign partners.    As Mr. Gonzalez indicated, we have just embarked on a massive effort in partnership with Central America. It will not solve the problem overnight. These problems are in the making over generations, but we have actually taken, and I take it during the course of the hearing, we can explore some of the departures that bode well and work well than the situation we have seen.    With regard to the Caribbean, we have similar efforts of partnership and I hope to be able to take those up, Mr. Chairman, in the course of the questions and answers.    So in conclusion, the challenge of our times is that the future is not what it used to be, as the French poet said. But we have changed the way in which we manage the border and I look forward to answering your questions so we can explore where there have been improvements and where there remains work to be done. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Bersin. Mr. Chairman, so remembering our last exchange, we have a different set of experiences. I remember when this border was absolutely out of control when I became the U.S. Attorney, the so-called Border Czar in the 1990s, we were arresting one million, a million two, a million four unlawful migrants to the United States every year. That was an era when we had 3,000 border patrol agents, no cameras, no technology, and as a result of a bipartisan effort of President Clinton, President Bush, and President Obama, we invested $18 billion a year. And I simply disagree with the notion that there has been no difference in our southwest border. And we have 22,000 agents, 19,000 of whom are on the southern border.    So we have a difference of view of the relative state of the border. And I just think we should agree that no one claimed that we are ever going to seal this border like the Berlin Wall tried to seal people from leaving West Berlin, but no one should claim that it is a seamless border. That is to say that it is not susceptible to smuggling of people, but I can assure you with the number of apprehensions down at a 70-year low, at a time when we have 10 times the number of agents that I remember being on that border, the border is not what it used to be.    But let me take up the----    Mr. Bersin. I have talked to some of those border patrol union officials over the 20 years I have been involved in border patrol and respectfully, you should look at the axe that there is to grind there. The fact is that it is a disservice to the men and women of the United States Border Patrol, sir, to claim that they are not doing their job on the border. They do. But let us leave that argument for another day. I think I understand your point.    But I would like to take up the five Syrians because I think they actually demonstrate good points and bad points of our contemporary situation. So on November 17 of 2015, five Syrians were encountered in Tegucigalpa, Honduras in Toncontin. They had arrived on a flight from Costa Rica and they presented photo altered Greek passports. Records checks indicated that the Greek passports had been reported stolen from Athens, Greece, and they were interviewed by HSI Transnational Criminal Investigative Unit agents stationed in Honduras, the TCI Units that Mr. Kubiak referred to. And the Syrians indicated that they were en route to the United States. They were placed in Honduran jails for 17 days and they were eventually released because of local laws that limited the amount of time that you could hold someone based on the administrative violation and the local asylum laws.    Subjects then proceeded by bus to Guatemala and on March 20th of 2016, four of the subjects were encountered at Laredo, Texas and they requested asylum. They were interviewed, processed, and transported by the border patrol and then by ERO to the Rio Grande Detention Center and are currently detained pending outcome of their asylum claims.    So here are the good points. We are doing a lot of work beyond the border with foreign partners to actually identify threats, particularly when they come from so-called special interest areas. But we did not have the capacity to take any action to either assist the Hondurans to continue to detain and then to transport people because of lack of authority. People then got to the border and claimed asylum. And as you know, because of the lack of resources provided to the Immigration Courts, those hearings will not take place in an expedited time so that we can take action.    But by the same token, they were not released simply to go into the country because--not because we had discovered any facts about any terrorist ties that they have because, in fact, they were fully vetted, but they were held because, in fact, we do not want to risk any danger from this particular population at this particular time.    So I think the case is actually a good indicator of progress that we have made, but an enormous amount of work we have to do, both to assist our foreign partners to develop border control capacities, but also frankly, to mend our immigration processes here at home.    Mr. Bersin. If I might, I would ask Mr. Gonzalez or Mr. Kubiak to add. There are actually different definitions in part, depending on different agencies, but they all tend to be outside the Western Hemisphere. They tend to be either a listing of countries. I have seen listings up to 35 countries. Other agencies take up a more restricted terrorist-related or a terrorist-centric view of the definition. But I take your point.    We have no standard definition of special interest aliens, but I will tell you that consistent with Mr. Kubiak's point, when it comes to the checks that DHS personnel are making in Panama and Mexico, we take the biometrics of every person who is from outside the hemisphere so that we can check them against the holdings of the United States Government.    Mr. Bersin. First, Mr. Sires, with due respect, I was corrected recently in preparation for the hearing on the proportion of special interest aliens. In fact, the large majority of people who are coming up from Panama into Costa Rica are actually Cubans. Three quarters of the flows are actually Cubans at this juncture and the number of special interest aliens from outside the hemisphere are actually a relatively smaller percentage. And a small number in terms of we are talking about 4,000 or 5,000.    Mr. Bersin. So in fact, having visited, then in fact, I would urge because I agree with Mr. Gonzalez and the chairman and you, Ranking Member, that visiting the five border areas is an eye opener and an important insight for American public servants, legislators, and Executive Branch alike, I suggest that you consider going down to Meteti in the Darien in Panama to view the work that is being done by HSI and Customs and Border Protection in concert with the American Embassy and Ambassador John Feeley in Panama.    It is interesting, but the arrangement we have there, Mr. Sires, is that we stop people, the Panamanians stop, detain people, for 7 or 10 days or longer depending on whether or not they come from a particular country, so that we can actually take their fingerprints and then check them so that, in fact, we can identify any high-risk persons coming through. But most of those people coming up through Panama are not special interest aliens.    Mr. Bersin. I am probably best equipped to respond to that. So the allocation formulas by region, Mr. Yoho, depend on a variety of factors. Arrests are one, but you could imagine a colleague in Vermont or Michigan, North Dakota, South Dakota that would still be concerned about having a sufficient number of agents there to patrol the territory they are responsible for.    So arrests are one, but not--I think CBP and Commissioner Kerlikowske can speak or Deputy McAleenan more directly to current practice. There is a pretty sophisticated workforce allocation model that takes into account a variety of matters which accounts, frankly, for the fact that of the 22,000 Border Patrol agents, 19,000 are in the 6 states--the 4 states of the Southwest border.    If I might though, address two issues on what we could be doing abroad. So when, in fact, the CBP and HSI officers in Panama and Meteti are running against special interest aliens or third country nationals, there is no capacity of the Panamanians right now to hold and detain large numbers. And the problem that we run into all the way up toward the Southwest border is that we often have trouble getting travel documents to be able to deport and to assist. There is no funding to support Panama or the Central American countries to do their own deportations in a systematic way. As we know from our experience, it takes a system to actually apprehend, detain, care for, and then deport a person who has no lawful right to be in a particular country. The Central American countries are at the very threshold of being able to develop that. But it would help, actually, and I could go into specifics with you and I would be happy to do it offline. There are a number of authorities at DRO that ICE does not have acting abroad that would permit it to actually assist in the deportation of people other than from the United States.    The second point, I have to go back and remind you that we have 243 Immigration Judges in this country, and we have 2000 Federal Judges. You cannot get the job done in a lawful, speedy, secure way with the paucity of resources. And when President Obama in 2014 asked the Congress for the resources to build an Immigration Court, we know what happened to that bill. The problems we have to address internally as well as abroad, sir. I grant you that premise.