    Mr. Vela. Thank you.    Mr. Shea, I have two questions for you. And I am very familiar with your agency's work on the Texas-Mexico border. And as you know, along the Rio Grande and on the California-Arizona-New Mexico border as well, the border walls don't really help us fight disease. Right? And with respect to, whether it be boll weevil or citrus greening, or fruit fly or even fever tick, one of the things I am wondering about is, what are your thoughts in terms of efforts to fight disease on our side of the border versus the efforts of the Mexican Government to do so on its side?    Mr. Vela. Yes, I read it almost exactly the same way. I think that sometimes what we miss up here is when we talk about border security issues like that, we tend to forget to focus on the issues of violence on the other side of the border, and what kind of effect it has on these very important issues that we are talking about today.    The second question I have, what is the current status of our efforts to control fever tick?    Mr. Vela. Yes. I represent the district where they eradicated, killed 200 of them.    Mr. Vela. Well, I would like to work further with you on that, as I have noticed over the past year, the quarantine is moving further and further to the north.    I only have 15 seconds left, so I will make this short. Mr. Harriger, what I would like to work with you on is, about 6 months ago I received a letter from about 12 of your agents who handle canines at the Gateway Bridge in Brownsville. I don't know if you are familiar with that issue. They had some concerns about the conditions in which those canines were kept, and we have been working with the agency and if we could just, moving forward, do what we can to expedite the fixing of the kennels there at the Gateway Bridge, and whatever else we can do to help, I would like to work with you on that as well.    Mr. Vela. I yield back.    Mr. Kelly The gentleman's time has expired. I now recognize Mr. Denham for 5 minutes.