    Mr. Ruppersberger. Yes. First thing, Mr. Secretary, General, I think right now the job that you are doing, we are in a good position as far as protecting our country.    With that said, we know a lot about cyber, we know it is one of the biggest threats that we face, we know that it affects our business, our communities, our combatant commands wherever we are, and we have got a lot of work to do there.    In that regard, because of the fact that we need to deal and focus on cyber, one, I personally believe that we need to take Cyber Command and make it into a fully functional combatant command. And I would say this too, I happen to represent NSA in my district in Fort Meade in that area. Are you considering that? If you are, do you have any timeframe?    And also, we need to focus on the budget issue.    And then if I do have time, I want to follow up one question on what Judge Carter was saying about Russia.    Mr. Ruppersberger. And I agree with that too.    Mr. Ruppersberger. If I have time, I do also want to get in a question about Russia. I was in Russia this November about the Syria issue, and then we then went to Estonia and Latvia. And there is a great concern, in talking with representatives from other countries in the European area, Poland and Romania, there is a great concern: Will the United States stand behind them if the aggression of Putin continues to go on, especially in those border states?    They are concerned. I think the fact that we are going to put about 4,000 or 5,000 troops in that area will help them. But I think we have to let them know and let the world know and let Putin know we are the strongest military in the world, and we need people to know that.    And I am wondering if there are any strategies that we might even consider. You don't want to escalate, but you also want to stand up and show that you are strong, and you need to get the morale of these countries. Putting troops on the border, if that is the case. I am not saying to do that, that is your call as far as the military. But I think we need to show that we are strong, that we are not going to tolerate the aggression of Russia, and especially with our allies that are right on the border.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Sure, as everyone on this committee, I thank you all for your service, your leadership. Secretary Mabus, I mean, you reach out, your leadership, your priority with respect to all of the men and women, and we have been in good hands for a long while.    I want to--and this question probably is to you or Admiral Richardson. I would like to begin by addressing the ongoing activities of China in the South China Sea. Regardless of whether or not China would like to admit it, they are militarizing the South China Sea. And I believe that the consensus, at least, I think in this room, is that the militarization and the denial of access to the area in the future is China's intent.    Now, although the United States Navy continues to operate in these waters, I am concerned about how effective these operations will be in deterring the continued militarization of their area. And while I understand the importance that freedom of navigation exercises have, and reassuring our allies in that area, it seems that has not served as a deterrent against the continued Chinese militarization of reclaimed islands in the region.    Now, my question is, what other strategies has the Navy considered as deterrents against the continued Chinese placement of anti-access area denial assets in the region; and two, have any of these strategies, or future strategies, been deemed unfeasible due to budgetary limitations, including the issue of sequestration which it seems, at least for 2 years, we have a hiatus, but we still have to address that issue?    Mr. Ruppersberger. But don't forget, I want to address the issue of whether or not we have given you the resources, and if you could address the issue of sequestration, because it is still there 2 years from now.    Mr. Ruppersberger. So you are getting resources. Now, can you address the issue of sequestration? We can't let that go.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Yeah, Admiral Richardson, when we discussed the topic of cybersecurity, and cyber warfare, it is impossible to do so without talking about the cloud. However, much of the critical global Internet infrastructure still lies in miles of undersea cables stretched across the globe. And this network is not only critical, but is vast. And there are over 550,000 miles of undersea telecommunication cables crisscrossing the globe as we speak.    Now, these cables are not only critical to the global economy, but also vital to the national security of the United States and our allies. Now, given the unclassified nature of this hearing, in your budget submission, is the Navy, U.S. Navy, properly resourced to secure these cables from sabotage and espionage? And also what are your challenges in conducting this mission?    Mr. Ruppersberger. I am aware of that. I am aware of what vessels we use to deal with that.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Thank you.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Again, I want to thank you both for your leadership. It takes leadership, and you are doing a great job.    I want to get into the--we have talked a lot in this committee about space costs, not only in terms of launch costs but also in their development. However, in the face of the resurgence in China and Russia, it is important to ensure that we are taking the necessary actions to protect our investments in space.    Now, in recent years, both Russia and China have conducted tests of antisatellite weaponry. In order to ensure the United States is able to continue to project power in space, I believe it is vital that we have visible deterrence to these capabilities of our near-peer competitors.    I understand the nature of this question is sensitive and perhaps these deterrents are not yet ready to be made public or are classified. However, please do your best to answer the following questions:    First, do Russia and China currently have the capability to pose a credible threat to U.S. space assets?    Second, is the Air Force investing in deterrent technologies to defeat their capabilities?    And one other question I would like you to answer in the end--and I am repetitive when we do this, but I think that the sequestration law is probably one of the worst things that has happened to this country and to our national security. And I just want to make sure we ask the question, that you can address if we don't deal with this issue.    Luckily, we have a 2-year hiatus, thanks--and I think most of the members of this committee, especially my friends on the other side, understand how serious the sequestration law is to our national security.    Thank you.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Thank you.    General.    General Welsh. Sir, our space assets are clearly at risk today. We are investing and planning for ways to mitigate that risk and become more resilient in that domain over time. And, clearly, sequestration is a threat to national security unless we are planning on changing the national security posture of the United States.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Thank you.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Yes. You know, I think it is very positive that a lot of the questions here today are about space. Most people--most of the public don't really have a clue about what space is about. In the old days, when we went to the moon, everybody knew space and who the astronauts were. So it is something that affects us every day, and it costs a lot of money. So the more that we can keep focused, the better.    I think the issue of launch and ULA, probably ULA is the best, but the costs got out of control, and also the scheduling. And so that is why there is language in there now to deal with the issue of competition. If you look at the American way, the competition makes the difference. But on the other hand, and I think, you know, Robert raised that, and, you know, we have to make sure that we have competition, that we still have the best. And just, you know, we can't afford to fail with the money and all the things that are involved.    The one area that I would like to get into that I am a little concerned about, again, getting back into the space, is the need to ensure access to space with specific launch locations. And what I mean by that, we are currently relying on Kennedy Space Center and Vandenberg Air Force Base launches in order to reach equatorial or polar orbits. Now, this reliance on these two locations marks them as single points of launch failure for these type of launches we have been talking about. And should there be a natural disaster, mechanical failure, or an attack on these facilities, the ES would not be able to put space assets into orbits.    My question is, should we be developing, Secretary, launch sites like Wallops Island or Kodiak, Alaska to ensure access to space?    Mr. Ruppersberger. Well, that is why I raised the issue, because it is out there, but----    General Welsh. I will give you an opinion on this. And I think General Hyten would probably share this. As we look at this space enterprise and how we do it differently in the future, as we look more at disaggregation, micro satellites, cube satellites, small satellites, things that do not have to go from a large launch complex all the time, I think proliferating launch complexes is probably going to be a natural outshoot of this. I think it is commercially viable. It may be a way for companies to get into the launch businesses who could not afford to get into it, or don't see a future in it for large national security space launches.    But I think this has got to be part of the strategy that this whole national team puts together as we look to the future. This is the kind of thing John Hyten is talking about. How do we change the game for the long term?    Mr. Ruppersberger. The other thing, you talk about competition, and you have SpaceX now and ULA, that is it. And SpaceX is in a limited area as far as your certification. Is that correct?    Mr. Ruppersberger. Four of the eight. Okay. Now, how are you doing with the other companies out there that have the possible capability as far as bringing them aboard?    Mr. Ruppersberger. Is there an incentive for money--money-wise for those companies to move forward? Or do you think we are just going to be here with these two now?    Mr. Ruppersberger. My final point is that I think one of the major issues with ULA, and we know the history why Boeing and Lockheed came together, we needed that as a country. However, I have been very concerned. I have been to the leadership in Alabama on numerous occasions. But the issue of the scheduling where I have seen programs that were very effective, now they are up--it is classified. I can't talk about them--that had to wait a year and a half for launch. I hope you are working with ULA or if SpaceX on the issue of scheduling. Our scheduling seems to be antiquated, and it seems that we might be able to do that better and quicker.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Any comments on that?    Mr. Ruppersberger. It is a system if you look at others versus other countries too. But I would hope you would look at that.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Yeah, okay. Well, General, thank you for being here.    Acting Secretary Murphy, we served on the Intelligence Committee together. And I should have disclosed this: I was his mentor when he first came in. So don't mess up, because it reflects on me too.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Yeah, that is a good point. There is a lot of talk, and I won't be repetitive about the drawdown, and the chairman has dealt with it. And I will say this: I think, you know, what we have been going through with sequestration and the cuts, and I believe very strongly like bringing down 450,000 is a historically low number for the military, and I believe Congress has made some serious flawed assumptions about future levels of security, and we are seeing other countries, Putin, whatever, taking advantage of that right now. I think that most of the people who are specialized in national security will say these are some of the most dangerous times that we have. And I do want to say this, that my friends on the other side of the aisle in this committee have done a heck of a lot to maintain where we are now as far as our national security, because most people don't understand how serious this is. And the testimony over and over about Russia and China, and if we don't start dealing with some of these issues, we will be weaker than they are, and that is not where we want to be with this country. And if the people in this country knew that, they wouldn't want that either.    I want to get into the issue, again, of the drawdown. But there is another area. I have Fort Meade, Aberdeen, NSA, and all in my district. So I have a lot of Army in my district. And one of the things that hasn't been talked about--but I think is really relevant--is the civilian force, who really do a lot. There is a lot of brain power there, people that assist our military. And it is very important and very relevant.    And I just wonder what actions the Army is taking to ensure that this institutional knowledge is being passed on to the remaining workforce, number one. And what is the Army doing to attract highly skilled young professionals to fill this institutional gap in the Army workforce? Again, I am talking civilian now. But any base that we have, we have a lot of civilian workforce, and we need them, but we need the younger generation coming in. So are we working on that? Are we focusing? Are we training? What are we doing in that regard?    Mr. Ruppersberger. Now don't mess up there.    Mr. Ruppersberger. General, do we have a plan for the new generation coming in, retraining, replanning, taking advantage of some of the brain power that is being either cut or retiring from attrition?    General Milley. Talking civilian?    Mr. Ruppersberger. I am talking about civilians.    General Milley. I will have to check into the details of the civilian advanced education programs, et cetera, that we talked about earlier with the uniforms. I do know that we pay close attention to training and working the education and trying to bring in the right talent at the right time. As the Secretary said, we have had to cut significantly, not only uniform forces over the last 4, 5, 6 years, but also the civilian force. But I will get back to you on the education and the talent management of the civilians.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Thank you. Okay.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Bookends? I have never been called a bookend before. Is that a good one or a bad one?    Mr. Ruppersberger. A giant. Okay.    Hey, brother. How are you doing? Good. Okay.    All right. Thank you all for being here, what you do, and we really appreciate all that your troops do for us both in the wars that we are dealing with and also at home. And we have a lot of respect.    Since 1993, I am going to get a little parochial here, but the Maryland National Guard and the Republic of Estonia have experienced a close and fruitful relationship through the National Guard State Partnership Program. And as a result of this program, the Maryland National Guard has provided many years of support to assist in the development of Estonia's cyber defense program, and Estonia is now recognized as a leader of cyber defense within NATO.    I had to go to Russia in November, and I stopped at Estonia and Latvia. And so I was able to see and hear really what Estonia would tell us about how satisfied they were about the National Guard and the cyber programs.    My question would be--and I am not sure who, General Grass or Neal or whatever, Talley--is how can the National Guard capitalize on the experience contained within the Maryland National Guard and the Air National Guard as a whole to assist in the development and training pipeline for tomorrow's cyber warriors?    General Grass. Congressman, let me first say that Maryland, that partnership has led the way to a point now where I believe they actually have two universities in Estonia, one in Maryland, that have partnered on a cyber master's program. It started from the partnership, but it is handled separately within the two governments.    I will ask General Neal to talk about the great work of the 175th, what they are doing there in cyber, because it is one of our leading Air Guard units.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Where are you from, General Neal?    General Neal. Congressman, you know I am a proud Maryland Guardsman. So thank you.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Okay.    General Neal. And of course it is good to see you again, sir.    So we do have a pretty robust cyber force, cyber squadrons, cyber groups in Maryland, and they have hooked up with Estonia. And what they are doing now is they are doing joint cyber training and joint cyber exercises. So it is very robust right now, because, as you know, over there in Estonia they have the NATO Cyber Center of Excellence. And they are actually talking about maybe setting up a cyber center of excellence over here in Maryland.    So that is how they are capturing it. And we hope to export that to other States, obviously under the auspices of General Grass and the entire SPP program. But it is a great program to show what can be done.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Why do you think that the Maryland National Guard has done so well in developing this relationship, number one? And secondly, in the expertise?    General Neal. Well, sir, I don't think it is just cyber. You know, when I was up at the 135th, we would take doctors over there, we would take civil engineers over there and do projects. So it is a pretty robust SPP, State Partnership Program. And we have done a lot of countries and a lot of States. And I think the growing trust, and everybody recognized suddenly that they looked up one day and said: Wow, you have got a log of cyber stuff in Estonia, we have a lot of cyber stuff in Maryland, it just makes natural sense. And the trust was already built.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Okay. That is it. Thank you.