    Mr. Deas. Good morning, Chairman Scott, Ranking Member Scott, and Members of the Subcommittee.    I am Tom Deas, testifying on behalf of the U.S. Chamber's Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness and the Coalition for Derivatives End-Users. I am also Chairman of the National Association of Corporate Treasurers.    The Chamber and the Coalition for Derivative End-Users, along with NACT, represent hundreds of companies across the country that employ derivatives to manage risk in our day-to-day business activities.    First, let me sincerely thank, both the Chairman, the Ranking Member, and the Members of this Committee for doing so much to protect derivative end-users from the burdens of unnecessary regulation. When it comes to main street businesses, the Members of this Committee have worked together to get things done. Last year, you led the charge in enacting both the end-user margin bill and the centralized treasury unit bill, directly benefitting the end-user community. We sincerely appreciate these efforts.    Congress did this because they recognized that end-users do not engage in the kind of risky, speculative derivatives activity that became evident during the financial crisis. End-users comprise less than ten percent of the derivatives markets, and we use derivatives to hedge the risks in our day-to-day business activity. We are offsetting risks, not creating new ones.    We support the Dodd-Frank Act's goal of increasing transparency in, and reducing systemic risks of, the derivatives markets. However, at this point, almost 6 years after passage of the Act, there are still areas where the continuing uncertainty compels end-users to appeal for legislative and regulatory relief. End-users are also seeing the cumulative impacts of the elaborate web of new rules and regulations, including those placed on our counterparties; that is, rules that require our counterparties to meet certain tests regarding capital, liquidity, and margin, are leading to significant realized and potential impacts on end-users. Despite being exempted from the capital and margin requirements, end-users still face the distinct possibility that our hedging activities will become too costly because of the new and higher capital requirements, margin and liquidity requirements, imposed on our counterparties.    For example, under the net stable funding ratio, long-term funding costs will discourage dealer involvement in derivatives, thereby reducing available counterparties and liquidity for end-users. We understand the banking regulators have proposed their net stable funding ratio rule this week, and we are in the process of reviewing it and its impacts on end-users.    Another example is the supplemental leverage ratio, which does not permit the clearing member to receive credit for the segregated initial margin posted by its end-user customers. The failure of the SLR to recognize the risk-reducing effect of segregated client collateral will likely lead to fewer banks willing to provide clearing services for customers, and will likely increase costs to end-users generally.    Differences in the credit valuation adjustment risk capital charge between the United States and other jurisdictions, such as Europe, also create competitive disadvantages. Europe provides an exemption that avoids the CVA charge being factored onto the pricing, and passed on to end-users, however, in the United States no such exemption exists, leading to the potential for large pricing differences when trading with U.S. compared to EU banks.    Many end-users engage in derivatives with both non-bank, as well as bank swap dealers, and we are concerned about the impact on liquidity of certain restrictions on models for non-bank swap dealers, which would not permit the use of internal models for computing market risks, and counterparty credit charges for capital purposes. This approach requires non-bank swap dealers to hold significantly more regulatory capital, which ultimately will force them potentially to exit the business, leaving end-users with fewer choices for access to risk mitigation tools.    To summarize, end-users are concerned about the apparent disparity between an exemption from clearing and margin requirements on the one hand, and the pass-through costs resulting from new capital and liquidity rules imposed on their counterparties. We also fear that cross-border regulatory uncertainty and conflict could put American companies at an economic disadvantage. Although these capital and liquidity rules do not create affirmative requirements directly on end-users, they, nevertheless, create real impacts and costs. The imposition of unnecessary burdens on end-users restricts job growth, decreases investment, and undermines our competitiveness around the globe, leading to material cumulative impacts on corporate end-users and our economy.    Thank you again for your attention to the needs of end-user companies.    Mr. Deas. Mr. Chairman, thank you. Well, certainly, both the Chamber and the Coalition for Derivative End-Users have been very active in submitting comment letters and other ways to make the Prudential Regulators aware of the concerns of end-users, but I would have to say that there has not necessarily been a very active two-way dialogue in that regard.    The Chairman. Gentlemen, thank you for your testimony.    I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott, for 5 minutes.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Okay, thank you, Chairman Scott.    I would like to see if we could get to this issue of the cross-border. I mean in each of your testimonies you all touched upon it, and it is a very, very critical issue.    Now, we have been wrestling with this equivalency situation with the EU for the last, seems like 2 years. It has just been ongoing, it was supposed to have been resolved last June, then it skipped and they said we will resolve it in October, the deadline was stretched to December. So where are we now? How serious is this? Mr. Deas, you touched upon it, and each of you have, but there is something else that worries me about this. You take other countries that the European Union has dealt with on equivalency, you take countries like Singapore that have the same robust, strong regulatory regime as the United States, Australia, as the United States, and they have EU equivalency. Now, what is going on over there? Why is this discrimination happening by the EU to our United States, when they are allowing other regimes with the equal robust regime to come in and get that equivalency? Is there something rotten in the cotton that we are not hearing about here, because what you have, to me, is you have the United States and you have the European Union are the two mightiest markets here, and it could very well be, maybe European Union is saying, maybe we need to cause a little more difficulty here, so that they can get a gain on the competitive edge. Am I right or wrong about that?    Mr. Deas. Well, thank you, Representative Scott. It is an important issue, and I can tell you that, just to bring it home, if we are competing against European companies whose regulators have exempted derivatives they enter into from higher capital requirements, then we as American companies are going to bear a higher cost for hedging the risk inherent in our business activity. And we have estimated that the difference here could be ten or 15 percent of the hedging costs.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Yes.    Mr. Deas. And we would have to either absorb that cost or pass it through to the customer, putting us at a competitive disadvantage.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate that because, especially Europe, because if it weren't for America, those folks in Europe would be speaking German right now.    The Chairman. More of them than already are. Yes, sir.    Thank you, Mr. Scott. I have a couple of questions, Mr. O'Malia, that I would like to follow up on. Are margin and capital rules complimentary? If so, should they be developed and implemented in tandem to minimize regulatory overreach?    Mr. Deas. Yes, sir.    Mr. Deas. Congressman, I will be very happy to. Thank you for that question.    Mr. Deas. Well, end-users deal with these banking institutions as derivate counterparties who are represented by, in some cases, over 200,000 employees. And the only way those employees act, or are directed by the management of the bank, is to price their derivative transactions, as an example, on the incremental cost. So the way it would work in this regard, the assessment of the market-to-market risk of an uncleared derivative would generate a funding requirement that has to be held in reserves equal to 20 percent of that exposure, and according to the net stable funding requirements, they have to hold 50 to 85 percent of that funding in long-term funding, either equity the bank has issued or long-term preferred stock, or long-term debt that they have issued, the cost of which has to be passed on to end-users. And we estimate that the effect of that is to increase the hedging cost by ten to 15 percent.    Mr. Deas. Yes, sir.    Mr. Deas. Yes, sir.