    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you.    Good morning--good afternoon.    Mr. Morell, you spoke about President el-Sisi in Egypt and that great speech that he gave and the need for leaders within Islam to combat and counter this radical extremist ideology that is driving groups like ISIS and Al Qaeda. And you very eloquently drew that line between connecting groups like ISIS and Al Qaeda and how that ideology is exactly the same.    I had a chance to meet with President el-Sisi in Egypt in November. I spent close to 2 hours talking with him and heard from him how he is continuing to meet with imams and gatherings of religious Muslim leaders and continuing this effort but remains frustrated about the cold shoulder that he is getting from the United States and, really, the lack of action on our part about recognizing the need to, as you said, identify and understand your enemy and the ideology that is driving them.    So when we understand and know that ISIS has the same ideology of this radical political Islamism that Al Qaeda has, that al-Nusrah has, and many of these other groups that are fighting in Syria to overthrow Assad, to establish their caliphate, why is it, in your opinion, that the U.S. in Syria is only targeting ISIS and is not, to my knowledge, targeting any of these other variety of Islamic extremist groups who adhere to and who are fighting under and motivated by this exact same radical Islamic ideology?    Ms. Gabbard. Do you know when the most recent attack on the Khorasan Group was?    Ms. Gabbard. A couple years ago, I think.    Ms. Gabbard. Well, I think even folks who are working within Egypt on our side recognize that there is still a lot more that needs to be done----    Ms. Gabbard . In order to form that partnership that is mutually beneficial for both of us.    Just to your point about your sense is that we are targeting Al Qaeda, I have been asking that question multiple times of multiple people and have not gotten that sense, that we are targeting Al Qaeda and al-Nusrah.    And one of the reasons that I see--and some of you have been talking about the opposition forces. It has become very clear to me that we are ignoring, the United States is ignoring the fact that the most effective fighting force within that opposition that you and others are referring to who are trying to overthrow Assad are Al Qaeda, they are al-Nusrah, they are these Islamic extremist groups, who have been reported, as they have taken over territory, to be implementing and enacting this political Islam, forcing women to wear burqas, and implementing this religious law on the society that they have in the same way that we have seen ISIS in the territory that they have regained.    Go ahead, Dr. Vickers.    Ms. Gabbard. Well, I think that--and I will just close with this--to me, the problem is very clear that there are two contradictory U.S. wars that we are waging. One is to overthrow the Syrian Government of Assad, which is also the objective of ISIS and Al Qaeda and these other groups. And the other is the war to defeat ISIS, without a clear strategy or a clear action that I have seen, at least, against Al Qaeda and al-Nusrah and these other groups.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Dr. Fleming.