    Mr. Blumenauer. Mr. Chairman, thank you. Thank you for the courtesy of permitting me to join you and Chairman Smith in this hearing, laying an important foundation. This has been an area of deep personal concern of mine. I have been pleased that in recent Congresses we have been able to get a couple of significant pieces of legislation to focus American foreign policy on water and sanitation. And I would say that there have been no two stronger champions in this bipartisan effort than the two of you. And so I am deeply appreciative of your leadership and your partnership, and it is truly an honor for me to join you.    You laid it out, Mr. Chairman. We have got some certified smart people here who can round out this picture who have been active in recent years. I have had a chance to meet some, and have a new acquaintance here. But the intersection of water, national security, and massive dilemmas in terms of human wellbeing, are significant. There are 261 waterways that cross international boundaries. In some cases, like the Danube, it is 19 countries in the heart of Europe.    An unsettling number of some of the largest rivers in the world no longer flow to the oceans in the course of a year. They are dry for some or all of that period. More than 40 percent of the world's population already lives in an area of physical water scarcity.    And competition is fierce. It is estimated that 20 percent more irrigation water is going to be needed in the next 10 years to keep agriculture going. The Pacific Institute in California has drawn up a list of conflicts in which water has played a part, and they have identified over 200, 204 such incidents where water figured into international conflict. And 61 of those incidents were recent. Looks like the problem is getting more serious, not less.    We have seen it in the Horn of Africa. Part of the chaos in Syria was the result of persistent drought that drove people out of the countryside and into cities where ill-prepared. The situation we are going to be facing in Yemen.    And I would say one area that I look forward to consulting with both of you is to see if we might be able to help focus the United States' efforts in Gaza. No matter what one thinks about the conflict there, we have almost 2 million people who are in an area that the water supply is not going to be, any of it, is going to be fit for human consumption within 2 years. And within less than 5 years, we think that that condition will become permanent. Maybe this is a little area that we could come together to try and deal in a humanitarian sense.    But let me just stop at this point. The National Intelligence Estimate points out that this is a serious issue of national security. You have got some of the best people here. I appreciate your leadership and focus and look forward to being your partner; maybe not on the committee, but maybe as an honorary member of your team. Thank you so very much.    Mr. Blumenauer. Thank you. And, again, I appreciate the courtesy in permitting me to join the panel.    Dr. Whittington, you mentioned coping costs and cited a study in Nepal, Kathmandu, where they have doubled to being $14 per----    Mr. Blumenauer. Per household per month, in a nation with a per capita income per household----    Mr. Blumenauer. Six hundred dollars, $800?    Mr. Blumenauer. But it struck me, that seems like a very high number to me, thinking about what happens in these developing countries. And it raises the point, I think we are looking at, the number I have heard quoted, 155 million hours a day is spent by women and girls, often, as Mr. Oldfield points out, putting themselves at risk, to secure water for the families, often dirty water. They end up in many developing countries paying a huge amount of their disposable income, to say nothing of money that is not being spent.    I am wondering if you, Doctor, or actually any of the members of the panel would care to comment on our capacity to actually self-fund much of what needs to be done if we are able to get an early intervention, maybe help a little bit of capital expenditure, help a little bit with the planning and development, and as our chairman says, where there are some pretty fundamental areas of savings that aren't being employed. You want to talk about the potential of self-funding this?    Mr. Blumenauer. Thank you. It is part of what we have attempted to do in the more recent reform legislation, is to focus on investments that the United States is involved with that are more sustainable, not using inappropriate technology or getting people started and then they don't have the wherewithal to continue with it.    Mr. Chairman, I would hope that as a result of some of this conversation there would be an opportunity to do a little deeper analysis of what we can do on the ground to help provide the foundation, because done right, it seems to me clear the evidence is that we can have programs that are actually affordable if they get over that initial hurdle in terms of understanding the technology, maybe having a little upfront financing, maybe not even grants, but financing, that there is enough money involved with some of these really in some cases tragic conditions that we could make a big difference.    Mr. Blumenauer. Great. Thank you very much.