    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, thank you, commissioners, for your hard work. And just like you, our major concern here is whatever we do must not negatively impact national security. We must maintain the integrity and the readiness of the All-Volunteer Force. And we must keep faith with those warriors who are there.    I understand, and the argument to be made is, is that you will negatively impact national security if you don't address these things. Because yesterday many of us were up with General Dempsey who made the case that it is impacting our ability to do that.    And he made a pledge to us. He said the savings we get out of paying compensation will be put back into readiness. And he is making a very solid argument on that.    I said the thing I keep--and again it is for us more than you, encourage you on this is what I heard him say is that as a senior enlisted guy I am going to go out and say okay, you are going to pay some co-pays on this. There are going to be some changes to health care. We are going to 1 percent instead of 1.5 percent on this. But you are going to get an extra rotation at NTC . So it is all good.    That is a very difficult sell to them. Maybe not to the senior folks about what is going to be there, but that is what we are up against. And actually, not facetiously, that readiness piece is absolutely critical.    And as a troop I understand when readiness suffers the Nation's security suffers as well as the wellbeing of your troops. They don't want to sit around. And they certainly don't want to be asked to go to war without having everything they get.    So I get it on this. I would say this issue and the TRICARE one, there are some difficult challenges here. And one is, again, to remove it from it, there is a 900-pound gorilla in here of a large number of these people who are suspicious of moving off a program that they know. Again, the devil you know is better than the one you don't know, especially when they have been told that private market includes the ACA , which they are told might not work or whatever it might be.    So it is very difficult. I can tell you this. On my last appointment I had TRICARE Prime Remote that works beautifully. It is also very expensive. Am I correct, Mr. Buyer, in how that works?    So we can't provide that for everyone. But what we are up against is, is my wife until this day claims the military's health care when you were deployed was the best insurance we ever had. It was all taken care of. TriWest handled it all and all was good to go.    So I come back to you and ask. And last week the question I had was--I am not sure which of you said this, but it struck me, said that you need to take this package and not start ripping it apart because you will have second- and third-degree effects.    It may be true, but that makes it virtually impossible to get it through here. And that is what I am struggling with.    Because you are saying--because what I would say is I think the housing allowance on the GI Bill is a lightning rod that is going to come back to haunt us in that it makes us appear like we are breaking faith and then it makes this whole case harder.    Because I understand. And I am--in full disclosure I am a life member of many of these VSOs . My question to you is we can't break it apart. How much inclusion from the MSOs and VSOs happen in what you did? Or did you try and isolate yourself from the case of undue influence?    Mr. Walz. Chairman, is it concerning--and again, I appreciate that clarification. And I think I need to be very careful in choosing my words.    But you got a gray area retiree who is listening to this as a member of those. And I mischaracterized, if you will, because I have a predisposition to think that, maybe, in full disclosure.    So what I am asking all of you to do is how do we get out there and talk to them about what their input could be.    And I go back to this. I am concerned about this. You either take this package or you mess it up. That is troubling for me that I think it makes it much harder for us to do.    Mr. Walz. So I need to see it as a whole, not three silos.    General Chiarelli. Or at least come to us and our staff and questions for the record that we can explain to you in greater detail how these recommendations work together.    Mr. Walz. Thanks.    Mr. Walz. In my district that is 51 percent or--that is the way it works.    Again I want to just clarify the point. I think the thoughtfulness you put into that, I am going to echo that again. I don't think it can be said enough. Because this is a tough lift. And the folks sitting right there know that and I understand. You know it as well as anybody.    I am appreciative of how you did it. I think this discussion on paternalistic is certainly true. It goes there.    The one thing I would say is you took averages and things like that. I caution us all to think about, this is all great unless you are retiring in January of 2009. It would have been some significant things that impacted you because of economic conditions in this country with the Thrift Savings Plan and the way it worked.    Now I know many people are saying, well that is the nature of things. Markets go up and down and whatever. I would make the argument that our commitment to these folks is different than just market winners and losers. These are folks that put their lives on the line. And so that defined benefit plan is certainly there.    I would ask for all my colleagues to keep in mind because we are going to get asked many questions. The question I would ask is Congress has both a defined benefit plan and the Thrift Savings Plan. You are asking us to choose between one or the other. Just a thought.    Those are things we are going to have to--and this getting there and how do we do all this is going to matter. Well, we will have the debate on this. It will matter on how our force looks at this.    Because my biggest concern on this is, again, how do we ensure--and you have thought about this deeply. First and foremost, how do we make sure that All-Volunteer Force is still there? How do we retain them?    And I want to be on the record. I think you brought up many intriguing things that are well thought out in going through. But I think if we ever divorce legislation and thoughtfulness from the politics and the will of those served we make a mistake. Because great ideas have died because of not ability to do that. So, just as a thought.    Mr. Buyer. Sergeant Major, in our examination where we felt that systems were running well we left it alone.    So you asked us is it possible to modernize the system. If so, where? Is it possible to be effective and find efficiencies? If so, where?    At the same time to be very responsive to a demographic for which you are recruiting from. And where are they today compared to when you took your oath as a young man?    They are in a different place today. And the way their peers and their contemporaries as they mature through life and how they are being rewarded differently than in the military. I mean it is different.    So how do we prepare for that force to recruit and for you to be able to retain into the future? And that is part of our package too.    Mr. Walz. Well, it is a thoughtfulness. And I have to tell you I am grateful for my colleagues here who are taking this in the right spirit and thinking this thing through.    This is important work. It is going to matter. No less than the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs that it is absolutely critical to this nation's national security to get this right on all fronts. And I think you see we are taking that seriously.    Again, I can't thank you enough, and really look forward. We just kicked off is where it is. It is a long game. We got to figure it out. We got to get to the end. Thank you.