    Admiral Natter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Forbes, Ranking Member Courtney, ladies and gentlemen, I am honored to be here as an independent witness before your subcommittee, sitting next to Secretary Lehman, someone who the Navy certainly respects and admires for what he and the administration of President Reagan were able to accomplish.    I can say that my family doesn't have near the historical platitudes that Secretary Lehman talked about. Although I must admit, I have six brothers, six of whom were naval officers and one Air Force officer and we still love him.    And I have three daughters. All three served in the Navy. Two still are naval officers, and two sons-in-law are in the Navy. So I have a vested interest like so many of us in what happens to our military today, and especially what happens to our young men and women serving if we call on them to go to combat.    I am, quite honestly, worried today about the troubling reduction in the size of our Navy and the shrinking of our technology advantage. There is a dangerous myth out there espoused by some that our shrinking numbers, happily, can be offset by our technology; that our ships today are so much better than our ships of the past.    The uncomfortable little truth, though, is that although our ships are indeed better than they were in the past, our potential adversaries are not producing buggy whips and ships that sail either. And in fact, some, not most, but some of their technologies are, in fact, better than ours today. The truth is, numbers do count, and the truth is, we need more ships and aircraft in our Navy today.    Let me expand on that a bit. With respect to the Navy's force structure, the current number of that force structure is 308. But as a practical matter, that number is not achievable without top-line relief of the Navy's SCN account to accommodate the Ohio Replacement Program. Everyone knows that. There are solutions out there. There are critics of those solutions, for very valid, and very longstanding criticisms of those approaches. But the reality is that without an alternative, without a top-line increase or some other account to accommodate this national strategic requirement, the Navy's shipbuilding account is not worth the paper it is written on.    And given today's realities, what are those? A fast-growing Chinese military force structure and its actions in Asia waters that essentially are grabbing 600,000 square miles of ocean resources; with North Korea developing nuclear weapons and the means to deliver them--no one disagrees with that. We are watching it happen--with Russian naval deployments returning to Cold War levels--that is not a secret, everyone is aware of that--and with ongoing terrorism deployments on the part of our Navy.    My view is, given those realities that I just laid out, our minimum number of Navy combatant force structure ships has to be, today, given that threat, about 350 ships. I mean, all you have to do is look at the number of ships we had when I was commander of the 7th Fleet in Asia and the opposition that we faced in those days.    The problems today are much more serious and the numbers of those potential adversaries have--the numbers they have are much more serious than when I was there, and yet, the numbers of our ships and aircraft are smaller. We have got to have at least a 350-ship Navy to be able to confront the kinds of challenges that we face today, and those technologies that those challenges have, and the appropriate number of balanced aircraft to operate with them.    With that, I am going to hush, and then open it up to your questions. Thank you.    Admiral Natter. Well, I retired about 10 years ago. We had just done a very successful set of operations over in the Middle East going after Al Qaeda. The Russians really were no longer confrontational. It was not the Russia of the Cold War days. They were rebuilding, trying to internally. China was just coming out of its cocoon. When I was commander of the 7th Fleet about 5 years before that, I made port visits to China. I was the first Admiral to go into Hong Kong after reversion. The Chinese were much more cooperative than they are today. They were not grabbing islands and claiming territorial seas that truly don't exist. We have got a different environment today. We have much graver threats.    The idea that there is going to be a confrontation in the Spratlys, or more seriously in my view, the Senkakus with Japan, is going to directly affect every American. And if we were to go to combat with the forces we have today, we would not be as effective and I would question our ability to succeed against a China that was serious about going on the offensive against us in that theater.    I just can't state enough that we do not have sufficient forces out there to take them on, or for that matter, North Korea, who as we all know, is developing a nuclear weapon and the means to deliver it.    The idea that we are just going to develop a defensive capability against nuclear weapons that are lobbed against our bases in Japan, against our ground forces in South Korea, is insanity. Without a strong military, we may as well just withdraw and admit that we are going to be isolationists because that is the direction we are headed. I am very concerned about it.    As I mentioned, I have daughters and sons-in-law who are on active duty who have been in harm's way, and I don't want to lose them without a committed nation behind them.    Admiral Natter. Well, those are very strong words. Because they are said, does not make them truth. There are legitimate disagreements as to who those atolls and reefs really belong to, if anyone, because they are atolls and reefs. And international law and maritime practice has a definition about those.    The idea that the Chinese are claiming an additional 645,000 square miles of ocean resources, fisheries, mineral rights on the sea bed, and potentially waters to restrict maritime commerce and the passage of naval ships out of the Straits of Malacca, up to Japan, up to our Southeast Asian friends, is absolute insanity. Saying it does not make it true, any more than Putin claiming that Ukraine is part of Russia makes it true. The reality is, the longer we allow this to happen, the more difficult it is going to become to reverse it or to stop it.    The fact that they are putting very capable weapon systems on these sand bars and we are watching it happen, in my view, is a mistake. Having said that, I would be the first to say if, in fact, we are going to contest it, if we are going to challenge it with our neighbors in Southeast Asia and in East Asia, we need to do it with more capable forces than the United States has deployed there today.    Admiral Natter. Well, I am not here to testify as the former Office of Management and Budget. Having said that, I fully agree, that is a huge threat to the security of this Nation. And there has to be a handle on our budget deficit. I think there is bipartisan concern, appropriately, for that. And I think there is recognition in a bipartisan way for the problems of the deficit.    Having said that, the security of this Nation, I think, is first and foremost. I think George Washington would have believed that and I think he lived that reality. So I think the idea of a 350-ship Navy and a balanced military is a priority and that, I think, that it is affordable. I think the Nation is going to have to get a handle on how it is paid for and how other costs impacts, of the national budget, and the deficit, have to be gotten under control. But I am not here to testify about that, sir.    Admiral Natter. You can take my ticket.    Admiral Natter. Well, with respect to ballistic missile defense, as you well know, we have a sea capability as well as a land-based capability. But getting back to our own submarine question, the only way you are going to really protect yourself and defeat that threat is to go on the offensive and knock out their sites before they launch, or after they start launching. Because if you remain on the defensive, you will never, ever be able to gain 100 percent reliability in knocking everything down. That is the beauty of a submarine. It is a very offensive weapon system.    Our purpose in being as a Navy is to destroy the opposition. And if you can't go on the offensive, remain on the offensive and attack until that threat is destroyed, you are never going to be batting 100 percent against the threat coming toward you. BMD , land-based and sea-based, is awfully important, very important. And it is pretty well funded.    But the sea-based threat to that, getting back to the Secretary's commentary on antisubmarine warfare, we need to improve that because the Chinese are developing a significant submarine-based threat and the Russians are, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, deploying in ways that they have not done since the Cold War.    That is why the Navy is looking at basing antisubmarine warfare capabilities back in Keflavik, Iceland. It is not because we enjoy cold weather. It is because that is where the Russians operate. And we need to work with our allies to go after that threat both offensively and defensively. So ballistic missile defense, I am in. I am all in.    Admiral Natter. Yes. Thank you. I certainly agree with the Secretary on this. The real value of having unmanned aircraft is to augment the air wing and the capabilities of our F-18s and F-35s.    I see, in addition to an air refueler, which makes a lot of sense to me, the ability to put another ISR node up in the air so that you have not only the F-35 and the E-2 working through NIFC-CA to the Aegis cruisers and destroyers, you also have an unmanned node up there so that you can spread your ability to attack and defend the battle group and to attack either land targets or other naval targets.    As the Secretary of Defense has testified in open hearing, the Navy has already conducted a significant range attack on the surface target as well as an air target, utilizing this. And so unmanned aircraft would fit very well into that approach, but I don't foresee in my lifetime an unmanned air wing operating from a carrier. I just don't see that happening.    Admiral Natter. Yes, sir.    As we have discussed prior to that question, the Navy and the fleet, when I was commander of the 7th Fleet, had roughly the same number of ships that are forward deployed there now, today. But we did not have a Chinese Navy that was worthy of being called a navy. The Russian Navy was back in port trying to keep their ships from rusting to the bottom. I visited Vladivostok. Their ships were a disgrace.    The reality, though, is times have changed. We have a Russian Navy that is deploying, as I mentioned before, to Cold War levels. We have North Korea that has developed a nuclear weapon and the means to deliver it, in the process of means to deliver it. And we certainly have the Chinese Navy that is much more aggressive, much more capable, technologically and with force levels, and yet we still have roughly the same size as the 7th Fleet that we had when I was there.    The idea, as Secretary Lehman has mentioned here today, that we are going to say we are not going to stand for them unilaterally claiming 645,000 square miles of ocean resources, and yet we don't have the means to put up and to confront them in the early stages of what they are doing. Because if we wait, and we don't get with our allies and say this is not something that we are going to allow to happen unilaterally, then it is going to become impossible further down the road.    And if, as Secretary Lehman has mentioned, that we fall into a confrontation with them, and we have insufficient forces there to act in a responsible way as a capable Navy, then you are going to have American citizens who are serving our country die. And I would suggest that the government is responsible for that, and I would again applaud this committee for what you are doing to raise that as an important issue.    Because I had it relatively easy as 7th Fleet commander; my successor today does not. He has a very, very tough problem to confront.    Admiral Natter. I think it goes without saying, yes, sir. I would be very concerned about the capability of my forces. Individually, they are great.    And let me just say, we have been talking about force levels. The men and women serving in your military today are the best citizens this country could ever ask for. We just need to give them the tools to prevail if we ask them to go do something. That is what I am fearful of today.    Admiral Natter. I am glad you have asked this question, Mr. Chairman. I served with the Naval Special Warfare in Vietnam, worked with two SEAL platoons. I have very good friends in Ranger battalions and also Ranger Regiment and also in Naval Special Warfare, friends and relatives today. They are the very first ones who will tell you that they cannot be effective without the support and interaction of conventional forces.    Let me give you an example: The SS Alabama, those SEALs who shot and killed the pirates who took the captain of the Alabama, how did they get on station? Air Force aircraft. From what platforms were they enabled to take those pirates down? A United States Navy ship supported by other ships and aircraft. Those SEALs did not just come out of the water and emerge and start shooting.    Without conventional forces, without air support for our Rangers, and SEALs, and other special operators in Iraq and around the world, there is no way they can be as effective as they are today. There is a good place. They are very valuable to this Nation. I respect the heck out of them. But I agree with them; they would not be nearly as effective without strong conventional forces around the world.    Admiral Natter. I would love to take that one on, sir. The assumption that we can do away with an air wing assumes that we are going to just be operating in peacetime. What happens when those aircraft go down through hostile fire? We will suffer casualties in warfare. There will be an opposition who wants to kill us as badly as we want to kill them, and they will be successful to a point. So the idea that we are operating on zero margin is crazy.    With respect to the number of carriers, we have been operating 10 for really--and will be for about 10 years until Ford comes online and is able to deploy. These ships, as the Secretary has said, are deploying for 9 months now. It is crazy. And we have adjusted the rotation, the Fleet Response Plan to accommodate really longer deployments. What does that do? It builds up deferred maintenance on the part of these ships and aircraft.    The F-18s, they can't get them through depot quickly enough because when they have opened them up they have found problems that were more critical than they expected, primarily because of the high flight hours on the F-18s. So we need to be able to have sufficient force structure for what the national command authority is asking our ships, our squadrons, and our people to do.    Admiral Natter. To me, the question really begs a commonsense response, an answer. And that is, what is the best way to achieve roughly a 350-ship Navy, because I think in gross numbers that is what the requirement is, and do it in a way where we are not wasting money. Industry has got to be involved in this. We don't want to say, all right, start building five submarines a year, for example. That is not going to happen without wasting a lot of money.    What I would suggest is that we establish as an overall goal 350. You say we are going to up it to three submarines a year, three DDGs a year. We are going to shorten the timeline between the start of a new carrier from 5 years to 4 years. That will eventually drive it up to 12 carriers. And ASW ships and aircraft, the P-8 is a good start. We need surface ships that can conduct competent ASW.    And we also need to build amphibious lift. The Marines have a steady drumbeat, as you all Members of Congress know. They need the lift for their people. The way to do that is in a gradual industry-sensitive way that gets us to where we want to go, gets us on the right track, and doesn't burn money in the process.    Admiral Natter. Amen to that, sir.    And I would just like to emphasize again, our men and women deserve your support, and I want to thank you and the fellow members of your committee for that support. Good luck with the rest of the Hill.