    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, Mr. Eisenberg and Mr. Kovacs both cited a study prepared on behalf of NAM in their written testimonies, and this study estimates the compliance costs associated with an ozone standard of 65 parts per billion.    I have an article from Bloomberg News that discusses NAM's study and a number of groups criticize the study and its methodology, saying that the study doesn't include an estimate of the anticipated benefits of the 65 standard, it overestimates compliance costs, and that it makes ``unrealistic assumptions.'' For example, the use of the Cash for Clunkers program, with which I'm very familiar, is used as the basis for estimating the cost of unknown pollution controls. This is described as ``insane and unmoored from economic reality.''    Also, it's important to understand well what the new standards might cost and the savings that might generate. Please allow me to point out that the 2001 Supreme Court, the same court that put George W. Bush in the White House in Bush v. Gore ruled that the Clean Air Act prohibits the EPA from considering the cost of compliance with setting National Ambient Air Quality Standards.    So Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to have this article entered into the record.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Dr. Paulson, very much.    Mr. Kovacs, thank you for being here representing the Chamber. I was President of the Falls Church Chamber, on the board of Fairfax Chamber. My wife used to work for you guys at the U.S. Chamber.    But I'm having trouble reconciling a number of facts. On the one hand, EPA's promulgated regulations in clean air, clean water, greenhouse gases, and all allegedly are job killers and profit killers. On the other hand, corporate profits are at an all-time high, the Dow is over 18,000 last night, 62 straight months of job creation, the fastest and best recovery of any Western economy since the Great Recession. In fact, Governor McCall from Virginia has now created private-sector jobs, not him but our economy in Virginia has created more private-sector jobs in these first 17 months than any government in Virginia history, any governor.    In my business when we receive a new regulation, we adapt and we figure out the most effective way to implement and respond to the new rule and then we figure out how to make money off of it. To Mr. Knight, who I guess is gone, my California dealer friends are the most profitable dealers in the country despite their regulations. I would love to be a California car dealer.    My question is, don't you give too little credit to the business community, to their imagination, to their operational excellence? Can't we have business and job success and better health at the same time?