    Mr.  Sherman. Thank you.    Certainly, one source of terrorism is Iran. We are entering into this deal in which we are supposed to waive the sanctions that were enacted to deal with their nuclear program. But in doing so, we are going to be waiving the sanctions that were designed to discourage them from engaging in terrorism.    The most specific example of this is the Iran Sanctions Act, which in its terms, which Congress declared we had three major reasons, only one of which was weapons of mass destruction, and weapons of mass destruction includes nuclear missile and biological and chemical concerns. I will strike ``missile'' from that because the structure was the weapons, not the delivery systems. But still, nuclear was one-third of one-third of Congress' announced reason for adopting the Iran Sanctions Act. Under this deal, it is going to be waived.    What I am concerned with is especially designated nationals list, which is the no-go list for international finance. And you have a lot of countries that are on the list because of their involvement in nuclear activities that we never bothered to put on the list because of their involvement in terrorist activities, for example, Bank Melli, which has been involved with Palestinian Islamic jihad, Hezbollah, Quds force, et cetera.    Dr. Shelley, are you confident that the United States will put Bank Melli on the terrorist list, or are we going to ignore their support for terrorism in the future because they used to be involved in proliferation activities?    Mr.  Sherman. I want to assure you, Bank Melli is the stinkiest bath water out there. This is not a beautiful baby.    But I want to go on to something else, and that is, the real benefits to remittances. They go to the poorest people in the world. They do more for development than our whole foreign aid program.    What can we do to make sure that people who want to send 400 bucks a week are able to do so at reasonable cost without--I mean, yes, it is possible, ISIS could get--such small amounts of money could benefit a terrorist organization. But, frankly, I don't think we can prevent ISIS from getting its hands on 400 bucks here, 400 bucks there.    Are we going--I will go back to baby and bath water. The baby is legitimate remittances. Are we doing too much to restrict remittances to families in Somalia, Iraq, and other places? Dr. Shelley?    Mr.  Sherman. TSA has a trusted traveler program. Should we have a system here in the United States where you can fill out a form to the government, ``here is who I am, here is how much I make, I plan to send roughly this amount, depending upon circumstances, to my relatives in such and such a country,'' and be certified as trustworthy when you lay out a plan that make sense?    Mr.  Sherman. And I would add, I think it was Mr. Modell talking about being tough enough, the Iraqi Government that we support with blood and treasure, is paying people in Mosul because they were on the civil servant list. And as far as we know is providing free electricity for which ISIS is free to collect a bill. So we have to start treating this economics element seriously.    And I yield back.