    Mr. Lynch. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lynch. Just on a parliamentary inquiry. We've done this before with witnesses, we give them 5 minutes to go out in the hallway there and call the people at his office and get that answer for you. I think it's a pertinent question and you should have an answer.    I yield back.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bresch, I want to go back to the $50 profit number you've been giving us today. Last year, the price was about $460 per 2-Pak. Is that right? So let's go to your chart there. That's not what I have.    The numbers, the documents you gave us are totally deficient in terms of trying to figure out how much you're charging people and how much it costs you, just so you know. And I know we have some outstanding document requests for your company, so I really hope you can comply with those as soon as possible to help the committee with its work.    So let's even just go off your chart there: $401 one year, that was 2014; 530 in 2015; and then a whopping $608 this year so far. So how much money were you making per EpiPen back in 2014 then when you were charging $400?    Mr. Lynch. Please, not another chart. Can you just----    Mr. Lynch. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about the top price.    Mr. Lynch. I'm talking about the overall price.    Mr. Lynch. Look, that's not what I'm asking you. Can you just answer the question? When you were charging $400 back in 2014, how much were you making?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Okay, $50, fair enough.    Mr. Lynch. $40?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. $40 back then?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. 2015, you went up to $500. How much were you making that year?    Mr. Lynch. No, no, no.    Mr. Lynch. $38. Okay. And now it's up to $50 this year?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. So if you're only making $50 this year, you must have been losing money in the previous years, because you've gone up $200 on the overall price, the top price, and you're still only making $50. I just can't understand that. The numbers don't work, based on the documents you've given us.    Mr. Lynch. Yeah, we've done that dance. We've done that dance. I understand that.    Mr. Lynch. Mr. Throckmorton.    Oh, let me ask you, Ms. Bresch, do you do business with the VA? I know it's a different population and the EpiPens are usually for kids with allergies, but----    Mr. Lynch. Okay. What is the VA paying?    Mr. Lynch. They have the ability to negotiate their own drug prices.    Mr. Lynch. It's a hell of a lot less, I bet.    Mr. Lynch. So maybe that's what we ought to do for Medicare and Medicaid and everybody else, let them negotiate their own drug prices directly with the pharmaceutical companies. That's what I think should happen here. That's really what--I think maybe--it was not your intention, but I think it might have helped Congress get around an issue by showing the blatant disregard you have and disrespect you have for people who desperately need this medication.    And you talk about expanding the ability for people to have the EpiPen. People in my district can't do it at $608, can't do it. And a lot of those people don't have discounts. They're regular middle class people. They don't have that discount. And Medicare part D, their increase is--I know the access went up by 164 percent since you bought the company from Merck, but the cost increase are up 1,151 percent, based on a study here that I have from Juliette Cubanski and Patricia Neuman. I want to enter this for the record.    Mr. Lynch. It's disgraceful what's going on here, but I think, in a way, like I say, you've done us a little bit of a favor here by just showing you what's wrong with this system, what's wrong with our healthcare system. I think it's disgusting.    I'll yield back.