    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And let me just say for me this is very complicated. I don't think that there is one solution to it, whether it is giving weapons if that is going to be the be-all and end-all that is going to resolve this problem or not. I am not even sure where I am at on that.    Let me just ask this question. I just want to ask one. I know we have been a lot on weapons. Because I think by now everybody is clear I am a multilateralist. I think that the world is different. We can't just do things on our own. I think it is leadership when you are bringing countries together and you have it in the work and stick together. I think that is leadership. But it is difficult. It is easy to do things by yourself. It is harder to do things in conjunction with others, and that is real leadership in my estimation.    Now where is, and I am not sure even on the weapons because like I say I am not sure where I am at because you don't like to see this, but have we had dialogue and where is our EU partners on giving defensive weapons to Ukraine? And in my mind I am still unclear what is defensive weapons, what are offensive weapons, whether or not those weapons, if you are in battle everyone says that Ukraine cannot beat Russia. Can Russia take those weapons away from the Ukrainians? But where is our EU partners on the issue of arming Ukraine?    Ambassador Nuland. Thank you, Congressman, and thank you for your support for Europe as the new ranking member of a subcommittee.    I am multilateralist, too. I would say with regard to managing our response on Ukraine, we spend almost as much time working with NATO and EU partners as we do working with Ukrainians, because that unity is so important and it makes it impossible for the Kremlin to divide us.    All 28 allies have provided, NATO allies have provided, some form of security assistance to Ukraine. That was one of the commitments we made to each other at Wales. It can take the form of training. It can take the form of support for the medical needs of the military, those kinds of things.    The U.K. and Poland have just announced, as you probably saw in the press, that they will start training Ukrainians along the lines of the notifications that we have sent up to you all. Where the divide happens and where the debate is happening, and there are allies and partners on both sides of this debate as there are folks in Washington, is on the question of the lethality of the weapons. So non-lethal defensive weapons everybody has been supportive of what we have done, what this committee has funded.    On the question of lethal, I think the debate is very similar with different allies on different sides. The President obviously has discussed this with all of his partners, most notably with Chancellor Merkel when she was here. The Vice President had a chance to talk to a lot of Europeans at Munich as did Secretary Kerry. So that conversation continues.    Mr. Meeks. Let me ask this question a little bit different. Because what my concern really is even before we can deal with what is taking place militarily, a few folks that I have spoken with they are really concerned with the dire straits of the economics, of the economy of the Ukraine. In fact some has said to me that the economy and corruption could cause the Ukrainian, this Ukraine, the government to fold even before we get further down the road. And that even the money that we give some questioning whether or not it is going to where it is supposed to go or is it getting into corrupt hands.    So my question is what is new in this government and its legislation that changes our calculation on this front and gives encouragement? Because in many I am told, politically, all politics are local, that many of the individuals in Ukraine are more concerned about the economy and corruption right now as their first concern before we even move off from that. So where are we there?    Ambassador Nuland. Thank you, Congressman, for raising this point. This is the other major line of vulnerability for Ukraine and where we have to shore her up. And again we thank you for your support and generosity on this committee for, first, last year's $1 billion loan guarantee, then again our request for the second $1 billion loan guarantee which is the U.S. contribution to the multilateral effort that the IMF is leading.    As you have seen in the last few weeks, as the Ukrainians have started the very hard legislative work and implementation work to attack the problems in the economy, it has been extremely intense. I gave a long list in my opening statement. You will see a fuller list in my long statement of all the legislation that they have passed to establish an anti-corruption bureau; to clean up public procurement; to open the banking system to scrutiny; to get oligarchs and others to start paying their taxes; to break up public and private energy monopolies, these kinds of things. But that is going to require implementation. And most of the economic support funds we have asked you all for Ukraine, for '15 and again for '16, go to the U.S. mentors and advisers, our ability to work with them on implementing legislation, help them be public in these things.    But it is a long, long road but they are seizing it by the horns. That is why we have structured our support to ask you for the second billion-dollar loan guarantee now, but not to come back to you for the third one until the fall when we see how they implement because our assistance, like everyone's assistance, is tied to performance. The Ukrainian people expect no less. That is what they stood in the snow for and that is what we expect as well.