    Mr. STEWART. Thank you, Chairman. And to other Members of the Committee, thanks for the opportunity to come and talk to you about a bill that I have been working on for nearly two years, H.R. 868, Veterans TRICARE Bill. And let me explain just very briefly what it does.    If you are a veteran, like myself, and you ever opt in to an HSA account, it terminates your TRICARE from that moment forward, and there are disincentives to do something that many people recognize is efficient for themselves, for their family. They can build an asset through the HSA. In many cases, it is a great option for their family. But they are disinclined to do that because they lose their TRICARE, their veterans benefit, after that.    This simply allows an off-on switch so that someone like myself could maybe opt in to an HSA for, you know, a period of time, maybe when it is offered through my wife's employment or through my own and, you know, 5 years or 10 or 20 years later, when that phase of my life is complete, to opt back in to the TRICARE program.    It has broad support, bipartisan support, 92 cosponsors. It is about a 60-30 split between Republicans and Democrats. I believe there was something like 12 members of this Committee that have signed on on this, a number of subcommittee chairmen. We originally sponsored the bill with our Democratic cosponsor, Tulsi Gabbard, who is a strong supporter of the bill.    It is also supported by many outside organizations that deal with veterans or veterans issues: The National Guard Association; Airline Pilots Association. Not surprising that many of them are former veterans who would like to take advantage of HSAs offered through their employment but, again, don't because they are afraid of losing that benefit. The Association of the U.S. Navy is a supporter of this, as well.    So, support among veterans groups, professional groups, very simple, very little cost, and we would just ask your support. I mean, honestly, it is a little frustrating to me that for two years we have been trying to do this very simple bill with bipartisan support that helps our veterans, and haven't been able to do that. So we look forward to the committee taking this up, and your support.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.