    Mr. McFarland. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, good morning. My name is Patrick McFarland, and I am the inspector general of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management. Thank you for inviting me to testify at today's hearing.    I would like to note that my colleague, Lewis Parker, the deputy assistant inspector general, is here with me. With your permission, he may assist in answering technical questions.    In 2014, OPM began a massive project to overhaul the agency's IT environment by building an entirely new infrastructure called the shell and migrating all of its systems to the shell from the existing infrastructure.    Before I discuss the OIG's recent examination of this project, I would like to make one point. There have been multiple statements made to the effect that this complete overhaul is necessary to address immediate security concerns because OPM's current legacy technology cannot be properly secured. This is not the case. There are many steps that can be taken or, indeed, which OPM has already taken to secure the agency's current IT environment. I just wanted to emphasize that while we agree that this overhaul is necessary, the urgency is not so great that the project cannot be managed in a controlled manner.    Last week, my office issued a flash audit alert discussing two significant issues related to this project. Because my written testimony describes these issues in detail, I will give only a summary for you this morning.    First, we have serious concerns with how the project is being implemented. OPM is not following proper IT project management procedures and does not know the true scope and cost of this project. The agency has not prepared a project charter, conducted a feasibility study, or identified all of the applications that will have to be moved from the existing IT infrastructure to the new shell environment.    Further, the agency has not prepared the mandatory OMB Major IT Business Case, formally known as Exhibit 300. This document is an important step in the planning of any large-scale IT project as it is the proper vehicle for seeking approval and funding from OMB. It is also a necessary process for enforcing proper project management techniques.    Because OPM has not conducted these very basic planning steps, it does not know the true cost of the project and cannot provide an accurate timeframe for completion. OPM has estimated that this project will cost $93 million. However, the amount only includes strengthening the agency's current IT security posture and the creation of a new shell environment. It does not include the cost of migrating all of OPM's almost 50 major IT systems and numerous subsystems to the shell.    This migration will be the most costly and complex phase of this project. Even if the $93 million figure was an accurate estimate, the agency does not have a dedicated funding stream for the project. Therefore, it is entirely possible that OPM could run out of funds before completion, leaving the agency's IT environment more vulnerable than it is now.    OPM also has set what I believe to be an unrealistic timeframe for completion. The agency believes it will take approximately 18 to 24 months to migrate all of its systems to the shell. It is difficult to imagine how OPM will meet the goal when it does not have a comprehensive list of all the systems that need to be migrated. Further, this process is inherently difficult, and there are likely to be significant challenges ahead.    The second major point discussed in the alert relates to the use of sole-source contract. OPM is contracted with a single vendor to complete all four phases of this project. Unless there is a specific exception, Federal contracts must be subject to full and open competition. However, there's an exception for compelling and urgent situations.    The first phase of this project, which involves securing OPM's IT environment, was indeed such a compelling and urgent situation. That phase addressed a crisis, namely the breaches that occurred last year. However, the later phases, such as migrating the application to the new shell environment, are not as urgent. Instead, they involve work that is essentially a long-term capital investment.    It may sound counterintuitive, but OPM should step back, complete its assessment of its current IT architecture and develop an OMB major IT business case proposal. When OMB approval and funding have been secured, OPM should move forward with the project in a controlled manner using sound project management techniques. OPM cannot afford to have this project fail.    I fully support OPM's effort to modernize its IT environment and the Director's long-term goals. However, if it is not done correctly, the agency will be in a worse situation than it is today and millions of taxpayer dollars will have been wasted.    I'm happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. McFarland. I always look that way.    Mr. McFarland. I am not confused, no, but it is a difficult question.    Mr. McFarland. Yes, absolutely. Well, of course, it's a difference of opinion.    But the opinion that I have comes from auditors who are trained to look for the things that they reported on. And they did, in my estimation, as normal and usual, an excellent job. And they stand behind their findings. And I stand behind their findings.    Mr. McFarland. Well, it's obviously a difference of opinion. But I think, without question, from my perspective, ours is based on auditing and questioning and understanding of the situation. And that's where we come up with our answer.    Mr. McFarland. Well, no, it doesn't satisfy me as far as our concerns. We have a whole suitcase of concerns that we have identified in our reports. I think that the best way to explain or answer that question is that we are, I guess, very frustrated that we ask answers of OPM, and it takes a long time to get the answers. We ask definitive questions, and we don't necessarily get definitive answers. We know for a fact that the things that we have reported are factual. We don't take a back seat to that at all. Our people have done this for a long time. They know what they are doing.    But, yes, it comes out to a difference of opinion, but ours is based on fact. I can't speak for the other side.    Mr. McFarland. Yes.    Mr. McFarland. Yes, that's correct.    Mr. McFarland. Well, I think, without question, it exacerbated the possibility, yes.    Mr. McFarland. The approach that they are taking I believe will fail.    Mr. McFarland. They are going too fast. They are not doing the basics. And if that's the case, then we are going to have a lot of problems down the road.    Mr. McFarland. Well, I am not sure if it will give us that opportunity or not. What is important, I think from our perspective, is that they have the opportunity, OPM has the opportunity right now to do certain things that will increase the security a great deal. And that shouldn't be abandoned and just placed in place of. And I don't mean to imply it is abandoned, but it should not be in place of speeding through the rest of the project to get it done. The crisis part--may not seem this way to a lot of people, but the actual crisis at OPM was with the breach. That part is over. The best thing to do is safeguard the system as it is right now and then move appropriately for a full restructuring.    Mr. McFarland. I don't think it's anywhere close to accurate.    Mr. McFarland. As an example, the financial system that we have, CBIS, in 2009, we had to migrate that information.    Mr. McFarland. And in so doing, it had a lot of oversight and went pretty well. And, in fact, our office was part of that oversight. But just that one system took 2 years and $30 million.    Mr. McFarland. Very small.    Mr. McFarland. That's correct.    Mr. McFarland. I am not positive, but I believe not.    Mr. McFarland. I'm sorry. I didn't hear the very first part.    Mr. McFarland. You're speaking on FISMA. I'm sorry.    Mr. McFarland. Yes.    Mr. McFarland. I think there were many carryovers, yes.    Mr. McFarland. Yes.    Mr. McFarland. Based on what I know at this point, I have no reason to believe that we should.    Mr. McFarland. No. I have no reason to believe that we should cease relationship.    Mr. McFarland. No. That we should not cease.    Mr. McFarland. No, I'm sorry. I said no.    Mr. McFarland. Well, I'll give you four, if I could.    First, we'd like to see the implementation of multifactor authentication using PVI cards; then develop a comprehensive inventory of information systems, servers, and databases; then further protect existing data with encryption and data-loss-prevention technique tools; and then proceed with the infrastructure overhaul with a disciplined project management approach.    And I have no idea how long that will take for a discussion.    Mr. McFarland. No, I'm not saying that the project wouldn't ultimately do what is hoped for. I'm saying that the potential for problems exists, and it is very high probability----    Mr. McFarland. I agree.    Mr. McFarland. A high risk, for sure.    Mr. McFarland. Well, the $93 million that's set aside at this point won't come close. The migration itself is going to be an extremely costly measure.    Mr. McFarland. I'm not familiar with that, sir.    Mr. McFarland. I stand by that comment.    Mr. McFarland. I think we may have gotten comments back that day.    Mr. McFarland. Sorry.    Mr. McFarland. Well, what is on paper is exactly what I----    Mr. McFarland. Well, I think in general we have a good relationship. Just, I mean, truly, I think we have a good relationship. Regarding this matter, I think we are worlds apart.    Mr. McFarland. I think going forward at the right pace and concentration might be very successful. What I think is planned by OPM I think is dangerous.    Mr. McFarland. That's correct.    Mr. McFarland. I believe so.    Mr. McFarland. Absolutely.    Mr. McFarland. That's correct.    Mr. McFarland. As far as the word ``dangerous,'' I probably didn't use that.    Mr. McFarland. Absolutely.    Mr. McFarland. Yes, in a letter.    Mr. McFarland. Absolutely.    Mr. McFarland. Yes, of course.    Mr. McFarland. Just because of the reasons that you have espoused. It was very fast. And as a matter of fact, a few days ago, we were talking about that in the office. And we are going to be looking into it.