    Mr. Foer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Members of the Committee.    In previous hearings on the SMARTER Act, you heard from Professor John Kirkwood, like myself, a senior fellow of the American Antitrust Institute, and similarly well experienced at the FTC, albeit years ago. We sent the Committee a letter, and that is attached. This is a year ago, so that is attached to the testimony, and I understand it will be included.    Our position on this legislation, though, has not changed. Put simply, we do not think that the case has been made for new legislation. I will give three reasons.    First, while we agree there is no need for differently articulated standards for obtaining a preliminary injunction, we do not perceive that the differences between the FTC and the Justice Department that are addressed by this bill are differences that, in fact, make a difference.    Federal courts generally require both agencies to make strong showings of probable anticompetitive effect before a preliminary injunction is issued. In actual practice, it rarely if ever occurs that a merger outcome is influenced much less determined by the theoretically more lenient public interest test for a preliminary injunction under Section 13(b) of the FTC Act.    Second, if a single theoretical standard is somehow deemed so important, then we suggest, as I think Ranking Member Johnson suggested, that it would make more sense to modify the DOJ standard to conform to the FTC standard, so that the Department of Justice would share the presumption of expertise that is implicit in the FTC standard.    And third, prudence compels caution. I sound like a real conservative here. Prudence demands caution when tinkering with the system of dual enforcement, including but not limited to administrative adjudication at the FTC. This system emerged out of robust debate during the 1912 presidential election campaign. Congress then was concerned about leaving antitrust enforcement exclusively in the hands of generalist judges, preferring to establish a sister administrative agency with group decision-making by a body of experts.    It is no accident that modern merger law has been the result of administrative guidelines developed jointly by the two antitrust agencies rather than by judicial interpretations. It is administrative guidelines to which both agencies are particularly well-qualified to contribute which are the key to predictability and efficiency in merger controls.    Administrative adjudication of mergers offers an important outlet for the application of such guidelines.    Because of differences in the agency statutes and procedures, special care must be taken to foresee possible unintended consequences. To mention one such risk that can probably be fixed by additional drafting, consummated transactions involving nonprofit organizations, such as some important hospital mergers, might be precluded from administrative adjudication by the FTC. I don't think that is intended. I don't think it would be wise.    But more important, if Congress takes away the FTC's administrative adjudication for mergers, it could be starting down one of those slippery slopes where brakes are likely to fail.    The Clayton Act Congress and the FTC Congress were one and the same. Those farsighted legislators valued a competitive marketplace, which they saw endangered by ever-growing commercial establishments with ever-growing economic and political power. And they became convinced that having two agencies conceived with different structures share the responsibility, that that would be best to ensure the competitive economy they wanted to maintain.    We at the AAI believe that the DOJ and FTC have contributed importantly to the evolution of merger law and policy, both as cooperators in a joint enterprise and occasionally as rivals, motivated by the desire to outshine the other in the public eye.    In this regard, I might mention that the FTC has shown that it has already heard the criticisms of the Antitrust Modernization Commission by taking important steps, including 3.26 of its rules to make their process both fairer and quicker.    So why act now? Why not let the FTC continue to work its way through? We have not seen a lot of examples of problems, and the examples we see are very old and before the FTC took its lessons from the modernization commission.    So I say, why fix a wheel that simply ain't broke?    Thank you for, again, listening to our views.    Mr. Foer. I am not certain I understood the question.    Mr. Foer. The question is theoretical because, in theory, there are some differences. But my point is that, in fact, the way things work, these differences don't really make a difference and are not sufficiently large, in view of the downside potentials, to justify legislation right now.    Mr. Foer. Look, I would say that, I said before, there is a theoretical difference in the standards of how a preliminary injunction can be issued. But in point of practice, that doesn't seem to make much difference.    So the real difference comes down to whether or not the FTC ought to be able to bring a case in front of the administrative process. And yes, that does take time.    But one question we should look at, and the elephant in the room, I think, is what do we want our merger policy to be? We are only talking about less than 3 percent of those mergers big enough to notify get a second request. And only about half of those, about 1.5 percent a year, go through any kind of process that leads to a change in the terms or to stopping a merger.    So it is a very small percentage of just those mergers that are really important for the country.    Now, how much time do we think we should spend on understanding those mergers? If we spend very little time by rushing it through preliminary and final injunctions, which is the way we try to do it, then we are giving the advantage to the merger. If we take a lot of time, we are giving advantage to the government. We need to find the right balance.    I think the FTC has a pretty good balance here, which says----    Mr. Foer. Sir, would you mind repeating the case you are talking about?    Mr. Foer. I am sorry, I am not catching on to what rule we are talking about here.    Mr. Foer. I think it was an extremely important document that led directly to the rebirth of the FTC as a functioning agency, a reputable agency of government.    Mr. Foer. The problem is, why do we need an FTC? Ultimately, the question would be asked, why do we need a second body to enforce the laws if, for example, the administrative process is considered a failure here? ``It takes too long. We have to make everything move faster.''    The slippery slope is that the precedent of removing this power of adjudication can lead people to believe that the adjudication is not an appropriate way to deal with antitrust cases. For those of us who believe in strong antitrust enforcement, and possibly everybody at the table would agree, I don't know, but I think it would be a disaster.    Mr. Foer. The importance is probably not central, because a lot of cases could be dealt with through the preliminary injunction route and are.    But there ought to be and there are reserved under this Commission rule 3.26 the possibility under various circumstances where the public interest would actually require holding a trial. And the FTC made it clear it won't use that ability very frequently or very easily, but we should not take that possibility away, and especially if we see it as being used in a responsible way.    Mr. Foer. I think that the ALJ problem is a problem. You have to make sure that you have top level, top quality ALJs. But an ALJ who deals with antitrust issues day in and day out over years is likely to be much more expert and much more able to contribute to the systematic development of the law than a whole bunch of Federal district court judges, many of whom are not trained in economics at all and none of whom get very much experience with these cases. Very few Federal district court judges deal with more than a few merger cases, let's say, in any given year or maybe in a lifetime in a court.    So there is a big difference between attempting to develop in a systematic, predictable way a pattern of law, and we are doing that largely through guidelines, jointly written guidelines, which is great, but we are not getting much assistance from the courts in developing this body of law.    There are probably two reasons for that. One I gave you, the lack of expertise. But these cases are very fact intensive, and it is hard to have appeals or to develop appellate jurisprudence in these kinds of cases. In fact, we could have a guess about how long it has been since the Supreme Court took on a merger case. I don't know if any of us remember one in our lifetimes.    So it is very useful, I think, to have a body of experts that can handle this law.    Mr. Foer. Well, I don't think it is going to apply outside of merger, joint venture, and whatever similar transactions might mean, although that in itself is an interesting question.    It could give rise to some litigation down the road of what is covered and what is not covered. But I don't think that monopolization cases or cartel cases are going to be affected by this, nor would nonconsummated mergers. I did raise a question about nonprofits in that regard, but, hopefully, this bill would be interpreted so as not to create a problem that way.    And it is intended to be narrow. I think it largely achieves that goal. But it is not bad in the sense that this bill will change areas outside of mergers.