    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I encountered 3D printing in 2013. We had a manufacturing showcase, and Congressman John Sarbanes brought in a business from his district, Direct Dimensions, and they took a picture, three or four, and made this 3D print, a bust of me in plastic. It was very interesting and a little strange. But I did save it.    I want to say this is part of our series, as I am sure our chairman said, of our Disrupter Series, and what we are hearing today are the wonders of this and the positive.    And I just want to say before I ask questions along those lines, that these technologies can be in the hands of all kinds of people as we go forward. And I hope, Mr. Chairman, that we will also have a hearing on what are the things that we ought to watch out for.    I know that Congresswoman Clarke raised the issue of the ability to produce perhaps small arms. But who knows? And so I think we ought to be looking ahead to and thinking about if there are threats to our country because of these kinds of new technologies and in the wrong hands, not only through our concerns about competition around the world and making sure that we can advance making an America, but actual threats.    But I wanted to focus on the positive too. At Northwestern University, which is in my district in Evanston, Illinois, researchers are pioneering biocompatible inks made of graphene that are used to 3D print scaffolding for tissue transplants and regeneration. Very exciting. These graphene structures can stimulate cell regeneration and also are cost effective.    So, Mr. Orringer, could these kinds of cutting-edge treatments become more widely accessible through the use of 3D printers?    Ms. Schakowsky. OK.    Ms. Schakowsky. So you indicated some fairly early benefits here too. So at what point do you think we will be able to see real savings for patients, and are we doing what we need to do now to make that occur?    Ms. Schakowsky. Great. Maybe in another round I could ask Mr. Morris how America Makes works in this health space.    Thank you.    Ms. Schakowsky. Mr. Morris, I had just wanted to ask you a question on how America Makes' work in the health space has the ability to translate into increased access for patients across the country to the advancements that 3D technology has helped to do    Ms. Schakowsky. Well, I am just interested in your work in the health space and how that is going to advance patients' access to better health care.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you so much. Thanks all of you.