    Mr. Hultgren. Thanks, Madam Chair.    Thank you all for being here. This is an important subject and really appreciate the work that you're all doing. I think the NITRD Program is important and gives federal agencies the ability to better work together in multidisciplinary fashion to tackle the big scientific and technological challenges we are beginning to face.    Dr. Seidel, it's very good to see you again. It was so good to be at your amazing, literally amazing facility back in April. I still talk about that often, and I've visited quite a few different wonderful sites in Illinois. We do have a proud depth of scientific ecosystem in Illinois. But one of the most impressive was being there at Blue Waters. So I just want to thank you for your work and encourage my colleagues whenever you get the chance to come to Champaign-Urbana to be able to see a phenomenal facility that is absolutely having a big impact. So thank you for your work.    In your written testimony, Dr. Seidel, you mentioned that NCSA is deeply engaged in numerous big data projects. I also appreciate your discussing the LSST project. I think it's important for my colleagues to know that this was the number-one on-the-ground priority in the last Planetary Science Decadal Survey. So the work you are doing primarily with NSF funding really enables all of our other scientific fields.    With our computational capabilities being what they are today, how does the government need to account for what many are calling more of a data-management problem than a computing problem, and would you agree with that assessment?    Mr. Hultgren. For years, industry and governments alike have used FLOPS as the benchmark standard for our fastest computers. I think this is a certainly valuable measure, which should not be abandoned, but what other ways do we need to be looking at our computational abilities to make sure that we have the most capable machines? Dr. Seidel?    Mr. Hultgren. You also discussed the Strategic Computing Initiative, and I've been in touch with Dr. Blazey, you know, at NIU who was encouraging this kind of initiative when he was OSTP. Earlier this year and in the previous Congress the House passed my legislation, the American Supercomputing Leadership Act, which would create a dedicated exascale program and ensure a more open facility to research the research community.    I agree with the three leadership agencies in the initiative, and I think it's important to stress to my colleagues the national defense needs, mainly in workforce development, that are developed first outside of DOD with students and researchers at NSF and DOE.    Quickly--and I'm just about out of time--but how should we improve our interagency working groups at NITRD to better serve our research capabilities and connect the core capabilities certain agencies have? And also if--maybe we can follow up in writing, too, if you have further comment on PCAST review. That may be helpful as well.    Mr. Hultgren. Great. Thank you. Thank you, Madam Chair. I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you. And I now recognize Mr. Palmer for five minutes.