    Mr. Himes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank you all for being here for the duration. I am encouraged by what is a robust and substantive bipartisan conversation.    I do have, though, a couple of--and by the way I appreciate Mr. Mulvaney's offer. I have a couple of concerns that I would like to have addressed here. The first and most important pertains to the levels of leverage that would be permitted under the Mulvaney proposal.    Specifically if you start to do the math on the 30 percent bucket where, as you know, there are plenty of firms out there that are holding equity tranches in CLOs which themselves are seven, eight, nine, 10 times levered.    When you start to do the math on going to 2-to-1 leverage in these instruments, on investments in financial companies which may themselves have 3 or 4 times leverage, investing in instruments which themselves may have 7, 8, 9 times leverage, you pretty quickly get to some pretty stratospheric leverage numbers. It is not hard to get up into the sort of 70x leverage numbers if you just work through that math.    And of course if you then expand the 30 percent bucket into 50 percent, you have conceivably, and I understand that there will be some prudence exercised by some players in the industry, but you potentially have a very highly leveraged vehicle here.    So I wonder--and let me just start with Mr. Gerber since he is in the business. And then I would welcome comments. But am I right to be concerned that if we permit this degree of leverage, you have essentially a very, very volatile instrument?    I don't need to tell you that at 50x leverage, a tiny fluctuation in the value of underlying asset puts this instrument completely underwater and eliminates the investment of a lot of retail investors for whom this product is created. So, Mr. Gerber, make me feel more comfortable on that issue.    Mr. Himes. Well, that is the math I was doing. And again, I get that you guys are prudent, but--    Mr. Himes. On the less prudent side--I want to check my math first.    Mr. Himes. Again, you could very quickly see very high degrees of leverage in this instrument.    Mr. Himes. Could the industry--and I don't have a lot of time--live with a modification whereby those investments in companies--in the small businesses for which this instrument was created, were allowed to lever 2-to-1 as is proposed, but in the 30 percent bucket or in the financial bucket, the 1-to-1 ratio obtained. Is that a reasonable proposal?    Mr. Himes. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.