    Mr. Mix, you are recognized.    Mr. Mix. Yes. Thank you for the opportunity, Mr. Chairman, members of the committee. It is a pleasure to be here and talk about right-to-work.    Let's just first of all get a better definition on the table here about what right-to-work is. Right-to-work laws in 25 states do not stop any worker from joining a union. Right-to-work laws in 25 states do not stop any worker from paying union dues. Right-to-work laws in 25 states do not stop any worker from supporting the political campaigns and political actions of labor unions. They simply give workers the choice.    Fundamentally, at the bottom of the right-to-work fight is a battle between union officials and the very workers they claim to represent. This is not a battle between business and labor. This is a battle between union officials and workers, who, if given the choice, may decide they don't want to associate with a labor union. Unfortunately, in 25 states, they can be fired from their jobs for failure to tender dues or fees to a union.    You know, we talk about the right to associate in this country, the right of association. In order to have the right to associate, it is fundamentally sound to believe that you must have the right not to associate. Yet, labor policy throws that associational privilege on its head by forcing workers to associate with someone and some organization which they may not want to associate with. That is the original injustice of what we have in this regime of compulsory unions and for over 80 years in this country since 1935.    One solution, one minor solution, is to give workers the choice. In 1947, as the Chairman mentioned, Taft-Hartley was passed to basically address the issue that from 1935 from 1947, forced workers not only to pay fees to them, but actually forced them to join, to physically join a private organization. In General Motors in 1963, the Supreme Court said we have gone too far. We can't force them to join a private organization, but we can force them to pay up to 100 percent of dues or fees to keep their jobs.    The duty of monopoly representation is something that we should be discussing here, and it is something that is relevant to the discussion of the NLRB's action when it comes to charging workers for representational fees. You know, this so-called duty of fair representation was created by the U.S. Supreme Court interpreting the National Labor Relations Act in a case called Steele v. Louisville National Railroad, 1944.    And that case was a very interesting one. Because if you look at it, what happened in that case is five black train workers were not going to be represented by the union. They were forced to join, but the white union officials said they would not represent those workers. And those workers went to the Supreme Court and they said we are forced to join this organization, we are forced to accept them as our bargaining agent, but yet they choose not to support us and not represent us; in fact, won't let us even participate in a union.    And the Supreme Court said in that case, said that is a pretty amazing power that we have given to organized labor officials. And because we have given them that power to control the livelihoods of these workers and to force ourselves in between them and their opportunity to speak for themselves, we believe that the statute also created a duty to represent those workers. That is the duty of fair representation.    So you had this forced association and then you had the union saying we are not going to represent you--in this particular case because of the color of your skin--and we had the court coming back saying we can't give you this monopoly bargaining power without the right to have workers be able to represent them as well, even though they don't want to be associated with you.    The notion that we are now coming back after 60 years of NLRB precedent, Supreme Court precedent, and U.S. District Court and federal court precedent and considering the idea that we are going to force workers to pay fees for grievance representation is just another example of union officials trying to get around the right-to-work protections.    I mean, I would be scared, too if I were union officials, because three states have passed trying work laws in the last three years. Eleven states had bills in their legislature. Missouri, the House and Senate passed a right-to-work law. In New Mexico, the House of Representatives passed a right-to-work law. In Maine, there is a debate over right-to-work; in Montana. The issue of worker freedom is spreading across the country. And one of the things that you could do to stop that was to give union officials new power to force nonmembers to pay fees.    The court, in a case called Emporium v. Capwell, said that individual employees cannot individually use the grievance process. Union officials own the grievance process. That is a fact. The Supreme Court has said that, District Courts have said that, the NLRB has said that. And despite what Betty Murphy, the Republican member of the NLRB, said in 1975, in four instances since that time in NLRB proceedings, the NLRB has upheld the notion that you can't force workers to pay grievance fees.    The extant case here, the Buckeye case we are talking about, is about the idea of forcing this worker to pay a fee. Now, obviously, nothing has been happening yet on this. And we expect the NLRB to ask. They have asked for briefs, as the professor said. And we expect that the three members of that board who have changed the rules as to union elections and are looking to change the rules as to how strikes are operated are interested in changing the rules on how right-to-work laws are enforced. And I would be glad to talk to you more about that in question-and-answer.    Ms. Foxx. Thank you very much. Thanks to all the panelists for doing such a great job of staying within time. I now recognize myself for five minutes to ask questions. The Chairman had to step away and will be back.    Mr. Mix, Mr. Bruno states that a right-to-work law is a government regulation that bars employers and labor unions from agreeing to ``union security clauses in collective bargaining agreements.'' This is a substantially different explanation than the one you have offered. And I know that Mr. Bruno's explanation leaves out employees.    I have two questions. First, is a compulsory union membership a government creation? And second, how can employees object to a union security clause in a collective bargaining agreement?    Mr. Mix. Yes. The notion of compulsory unionism was developed in 1935 in the Wagner Act after President Roosevelt came to office. And using New Deal powers and the energy of the particular climate at the time, they passed a sweeping labor relations law that now covers private sector workers across the country. We are 80 years into that experiment.    So the idea of Section 7 rights under the National Labor Relations Act is really kind of a very interesting preamble to our labor law. It talks about the workers' rights to associate, the workers' rights to bargain, the workers' rights to do all of these things. And it says--believe it or not, it says ``has the right to refrain--'' and if Congress would have put a period there, we wouldn't be here today because unionism would be voluntary. But they didn't. They said, except to the extent that a worker can be compelled as a condition of employment, as a contract matter, to formally join a labor union. If Congress hadn't said that at the end, that little phrase at the end of Section 7 of the Act, we would have voluntary unionism in America. But Congress established this compulsory union saying a worker could be fired if they did not tender dues or fees to a union. Twenty-five states now protect that.    The idea of a union security clause, that is a mandatory subject of bargaining. If an employer refuses to bargain over whether or not his employees would be forced to pay dues or fees or her employers are forced to pay dues or fees, the union can file an unfair labor practice charge against them saying they are not bargaining in good faith. They must bargain over the union security clause.    And frankly, if you are an employer and you look at this and you say okay, we are bargaining over wages, working conditions, all kinds of things. The one thing the unions put on the table is a union security clause, that doesn't cost me a thing. It simply says I have to force all my employees to pay 38 bucks a month in order the work here. It doesn't hit my bottom line, it doesn't hit the cost of the contract. It is simply something that one, you have to bargain over. And two, something that the union oftentimes goes on strike over if you don't agree to it and will file unfair labor practices if you won't bargain over it.    Ms. Foxx. When you were President of Accutrade, you employed hundreds of people. How did you handle employee grievances at Accutrade? In your opinion, is union participation necessary to resolve a grievance to the satisfaction of both the employer and the employee?    Governor Ricketts. Well, I don't believe that the union participation was necessary. When we had issues with folks who worked at Ameritrade, we tried to work them out. So, for instance, if someone had an issue with the manager, they would bring it to the manager, they would bring it to that manager's manager, or they would talk with us.    I think what you are really seeing here is it is about the employees' right to choose. How do they want to resolve those issues? And the company that I was at, we tried to resolve those because we knew that if we had somebody who was a satisfied employee, that person would take care of our customers, and that is how we were able to grow our business. So we didn't need a union to be able to do that. We knew that it was in our best interest to make sure that our employees were happy so they would make sure our customers were happy.    Ms. Foxx. Thank you. Let me go back to Mr. Mix.    We hear a lot about the issue of fairness around here. Unions have argued that fair share policies that require nonmembers to pay grievance processing fees are fair. Is this a fairness matter? And you alluded before about employees pursuing their agreed grievances outside the procedures laid out in the CBA. I wonder if you would talk a little bit more about that.    Mr. Mix. Yes. Just to reiterate, the policy of the Supreme Court, the NLRB, and federal courts has been that individual workers cannot exercise the grievance process outside of union control. The unions own the process. That is literally the words the courts have used in talking about the grievance process.    But let's talk a little bit more about the fairness to nonmembers. In a right-to-work state, even in the 25 right-to-work states, in order for a worker to exercise those rights, they have to give up certain workplace rights in order to exercise their personal rights or their political rights. You have to resign to union membership in order to exercise your privileges under the right-to-work laws.    What that means is you can't vote on the very contract that governs your employment. It means you can't vote in union elections. You can't run for union office. You can't participate in union activities at all.    So on one hand, you have this Hobson's choice of having to give up your workplace rights in order to protect your philosophical, economic, political rights. That is not fair to begin with. Because the union has the monopoly bargaining privilege. They speak for you whether you want it or not. You are forced to associate with them.    In the forced-unionism states, a worker has to go through that same process and give up those same rights, but can be compelled to pay fees in order to keep their job. That is not fair.    Ms. Foxx. Thank you very much, Mr. Mix.    Mr. Scott, you are recognized for five minutes.