    Ms. Graham. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Congressman MacArthur just took my question, but that is okay. It was a great answer, appreciate the information. So I will ask a different question. Thank you, gentlemen, first of all, for being here very much.    As a new member of this committee, we spend a lot of time focused on the challenges we face in the Middle East, which has a unique topography. And I am sure you are training for that type of a potential conflict environment.    What would happen if something sprung up in a different part of the world? Would there be an opportunity--would the training that is going on now be in any way an additional challenge to, say, a jungle environment or something that wasn't like the Middle East? And what would we need to do to pivot to a different battlefield? Thank you.    General Murray. Yes, ma'am. Thank you for that. And so it is not really a budget question or a modernization question, but just based upon 33 years of doing this, it is really, you know, where you are and what the geography looks like, the conditions that you fight in is really what we would call conditions.    So we train to a common standard for specific tasks, and those are really applicable no matter where you employ those, both individually and collectively. Would the jungle versus the desert versus the Arctic have an impact? Yes. We would have to account for that. But, you know, how we perform a certain task doesn't necessarily change and the standards we perform that task to doesn't change. It is the conditions that really change, if that answers your question.    General Williamson. I just wanted to add a modernization piece to that, and it really gets to some of the questions that we have had in the past regarding the time it takes and the investment it takes in modernization.    And so what we don't have the luxury of is building systems that are very specific to a particular environment. And that is why we design systems that have multiple uses and can operate in cold weather regions as well as in the jungle.    And to do that and to make sure that you have the reliability that that weapon system needs to give you in a cold weather, as well as a hot weather region, requires us to make an investment on the engineering side and on the testing side to ensure that we don't put a solider in harm's way because we have placed them in an environment where the effects of the geography, of the weather, all of those factors can put them at risk.    General Walsh. Yes, Congressman, I think, you know, we have been focused very much on the Middle East for good reason for a long time, but we are changing that. There is obviously from the administration with the rebalance to the Pacific, we have taken a lot of our forces out of the Pacific region, which we did a lot of jungle training when we were in there. And we have got four full battalions back there. We have really kind of regenerated that force.    Today as we speak we have got 1,900 marines up north of the Arctic Circle, up in an exercise called Cold Response with our NATO allies and working with the Norwegians. We are looking at our cold weather gear and we are relearning our cold weather capabilities that we have not had since really the Cold War and really used significantly. General Shrader is looking very closely at what gear we still need to reconstitute to be able to be where we are capable in those areas.    Right now the Commandant has got me responsible for a program called Marine Corps Force 2025. And we are looking at this future operating environment which is looked at not just what we have been looking at with counterinsurgency, counterterrorism operations in the Middle East, but how will we fight in the future against this hybrid threat, against a high-end near-peer competitor that we see both from the capabilities that Russia and China proliferate and how we will operate in that environment?    So right now, we are going through a detailed look at our force unit by unit and see how are we structured from a capability standpoint. Do we have the right formations and do we have the right capabilities to go with that? But it is certainly this operating environment today is forcing us to look at things completely different than we have in the last 15 years.    General Shrader. Yes, ma'am. I would just say just exactly what Lieutenant General Williamson said. You know, when it comes to a system, designing it and testing it for the full spectrum across all the environments. That is really what takes a lot of time. You know, we will have a system specifically designed to do one thing, but then when we put it through the environmental-type testing is what really will sometimes make us go back and have to redesign it. So yes, ma'am.    Ms. Graham. Well, I thank you and I have 17, 16, 15 seconds left. So I want to put in a shameless plug. I have a wonderful company in my district that is developing improved batteries. You know, we are all tethered to our units today. And I look forward to working with you all and talking about the benefits that these batteries will bring. And I think you may have already had some discussions, but I look forward to the future opportunities. Thank you and my time is now out.    So thank you, Mr. Chairman.