    Mr. Ruiz. Thank you, Chairman Benishek, Ranking Member Brownley, for holding this series of hearings centered on VA's proposal to consolidate community care.    We have asked the panelists to tell us how they would modify the eligibility standards that are necessary to create a veteran-centered VA. But to answer these questions, you know, we need to look at the cracks that the Choice Act has left behind or the cracks within the Choice Act because these are the cracks that our veterans are falling through and these are the reason experiences of veterans in my district that do not reflect the successes that the department boasts.    So my first question is, can you specifically identify what are those cracks? Which of our veterans are not getting the care through the Choice Program that it was intended to do?    Mr. Ruiz. How about you, Mr. Blake?    Mr. Ruiz. I think one of the problems with the eligibility criteria of a 40-mile distance is that you can have a VA clinic that does not offer the specialty care that our veterans need.    For example, in my community, we have a clinic in Palm Desert in the center of the Coachella Valley, but it does not have a pain specialist working at that clinic, does not have, for example, a dentist or other specialty kind of care. So our veterans still have to travel an hour, hour and a half to the VA hospital to get that kind of specialty care.    So when you talk about clinically appropriate eligibility, is that what you mean, like making sure that what they need in terms of the specialty care, they can acquire if it is not within the 40-mile distance?    Mr. Ruiz. Yeah. I think that we need to take pause and throw out a big caution out there. Many of our veterans are working poor, are retired, or work in rural areas. And we are working under the assumption that in those communities for some reason, those services exist.    I come from an area that has both affluent and under-served communities. And I can tell you that in the under-served communities, you don't have specialists. You don't have community homes. You don't have any of the care that we are assuming that veterans can achieve outside of the VA.    So I think that we have to really identify and not think that because we have the Choice Program because veterans can go to their neighborhood doctor that they are going to get the care that they need. We need to take into account the insufficiencies and the lack of resources and the vast majority of America that live in rural communities as well.    Hotline, tell me about the hotline and what evidence is out there that it actually saves money and also incentivizes patients to use the VA?    Mr. Ruiz. Right.    Mr. Ruiz. Urgent care was a result of a failed primary care system where people weren't able to access their primary care so they needed a quick in and out type of thing. But it can't replace primary care because when we are talking about a medical home, a place where a patient can get integrated care with case management that can really take care of the entirety of the patient, urgent care doesn't necessarily provide that as we think of them now.    So there are some benefits to urgent care, but we also have to make sure that the veterans also get home-based comprehensive primary care that they deserve.    Mr. Ruiz. Correct.    Mr. Ruiz. Well, my time is up, but I wanted to say that the veterans that I take care of in the emergency department and the veterans that I take care of in the office who are struggling with their benefits, who are struggling to make ends meet, who are struggling to get back on their feet, who are struggling to find a home that are homeless, $50 co-pay for urgent care, $100 in co-pay for the emergency department is completely a barrier that will continue the burden of illness and disease that they already have. So I agree with that.