    Ms. DeGette. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Well, Chairman Wheeler, I wanted to ask you, with respect to these recent enforcement efforts, the recent ones, what is your view of the FCC's authority vis-a AE2-vis your ability to take these efforts?    Ms. DeGette. Thank you.    Now, yesterday, the FTC and the FCC announced a memorandum of understanding for continued cooperation on consumer protection. And this MOU mentioned that the agencies are going to engage in joint enforcement actions. So are there some specific areas where you think that consumer protection is particularly at risk and where this cooperation is going to be especially beneficial?    Ms. DeGette. Right. It didn't just come up out of thin air.    Ms. DeGette. And are there some specific areas in which you think you can cooperate that will be beneficial?    Ms. DeGette. I only have 5 minutes.    Ms. DeGette. Are there other areas that you think----    Ms. DeGette. Cramming. Are there other areas you are going to focus on?    Ms. DeGette. What are they?    Ms. DeGette. OK.    Now, there are 14 months left in the Obama administration, and, obviously, the Commission has a lot of pending actions and rules. One thing I think the Commission should focus on completing is any further actions on the Satellite TV Extension and Localism Act reauthorization that this subcommittee authored last Congress.    In that act, Congress directed the Commission to prepare a report on downloadable security capabilities for pay-TV content. Now, what I understand is that a technical advisory group has completed its report, and some stakeholders are seeking a rulemaking that would require changes to the set-top boxes used in cable, IPTV, and satellite TV providers. This is something Mr. Doyle was talking about a little bit.    One of the main issues we hear about from consumers over and over again is that customer service can be complicated to navigate and also onerous. And so a lot of us feel like we need to protect consumers, while at the same time giving providers and content creators the flexibility they need to adapt to changing business models.    So I am wondering if the Commission has considered, if leased set-top boxes are responsible for their own customer service, that could cause a lot of confusion.    Ms. DeGette. Well, once you do, I would appreciate it if you would supplement your testimony so that we could get an answer to that.    Now, I, lastly, want to touch on the special access issue. Many competitive telephone providers use the physical infrastructure of incumbent carriers to provide telecom services to businesses through an arrangement called ``special access.''    The FCC has been considering updating the special access rules for decades, as some of us on this committee know, and it has recently completed an extensive data-gathering process to inform changes to the rules.    I am wondering, Chairman Wheeler, if, now that the Commission has undertaken such a significant effort, will this be a priority for the FCC during the remainder of this administration?    Ms. DeGette. Thanks.    I yield back.