    Chairman Walberg. Good morning. It is sure quiet in the room. After running up two flights of stairs, let me get my wind back here.    A quorum being present, the subcommittee will come to order. Good morning. I would like to thank you all for joining us today, and thank our witnesses for being here with us to share their experiences and perspectives.    The end of the year is an important time to reflect on what has been accomplished and what work remains to be done. As members of the Education and the Workforce Committee, this is especially important as we consider the significant challenges many workers continue to face.    Recent months have shown signs of economic improvement and signs of continued concern, both. Roughly 8 million Americans are still unemployed and searching for work, and an additional 6 million are working part-time hours when they really need and want full-time jobs. That does not include the millions of individuals who are so discouraged by meager job prospects that they have simply dropped out of the workforce entirely.    Meanwhile, those with jobs are facing fewer opportunities to advance and earn higher wages. Some will say the problems facing workers and job creators can be solved with more spending, more Government mandates, and more regulation. Perhaps we will hear some of those claims today, but that is the same failed approach that the Obama administration has pursued over the last seven years.    The results have been an anemic economy, sluggish job growth, and most importantly, less opportunity and prosperity for millions of hard working men and women.    Time and again, we have called on the administration, including those at OSHA and the Department of Labor more broadly, to pursue a different, more responsible course, and time and again, our calls have been rebuffed.    The most recent example was the release of the administration's regulatory agenda, which doubles down on the same extreme regulatory approach that has made the problems plaguing the country worse at the expense of those struggling the most.    Let me be clear. Federal policies do play an important role in ensuring safe and healthy workplaces and protecting the basic rights of hard working men and women. That is not what we are here to discuss today.    The question is not whether there should be rules of the road for workers and employers to follow. The question is how we ensure those rules are implemented fairly, responsibly, and in a way that promotes the best interests of both workers and their employers.    Unfortunately, more often than not, what we have seen from this administration is an overly punitive and unnecessarily burdensome approach. Adding insult to injury, often these rules and regulations are being developed and changed without any public input. This regulatory approach is holding us back, and that is the focus of today's hearing.    We know there are areas where we can make meaningful change without creating costly consequences and unintended harm. For example, Chairman Kline and I have said we are open to modernizing current overtime rules to strengthen protections for workers and help employers fulfill their legal responsibilities.    Instead, we have had to confront a proposal that will limit workplace flexibility, make it harder for workers to advance up the economic ladder, and impose a significant burden on small businesses.    Earlier this year, Nicole Berberich, director of human resources at the Cincinnati Animal Referral and Emergency Center, testified in front of this subcommittee about the challenges employers are already facing because of complicated federal wage and hour regulations. She also explained that small businesses like the one she works for are likely to experience the burdens of these regulations disproportionately. She added that those burdens will continue to worsen with the expected overtime changes.    At a separate hearing before this same subcommittee, Eric Williams, who worked his way up from crew member at a fast food restaurant to become a franchise and chief operating officer at CKE Restaurants, shared his fears that the administration's overtime proposal, and I quote, ``will severely limit hard working, talented Americans from realizing their dreams,'' as he dreamed and realized. He worries that because of the proposal, some employees, and I quote, ``may never reach their full potential.'' That is a shame.    The overtime proposal is just one example of this administration's misguided approach to regulating. At another hearing, Drew Greenblatt, a steel wire manufacturer from Baltimore, spoke to us about how Government policies are hindering growth and how he and others in his industry find themselves stuck between a rock and a hard place.    He explained the situation as between, and I quote, ``A rock of harsh and unforgiving global economic competition and a hard place of inflexible and ever proliferating regulations.''    It should be clear to anyone who is listening that the current regulatory onslaught is making life harder for working families and small business owners, not better.    According to a study commissioned by the National Association of Manufacturers, federal regulations cost more than $2 trillion in lost economic growth annually, and the American Action Forum estimates that the administration imposed more than $181 billion in new regulatory costs during 2014 alone. These are staggering statistics that in many ways represent lost wages and fewer jobs for American workers.    Today, we will hear from our witnesses how this unprecedented regulatory approach has created troubling concerns for workers and small businesses during the past year. My hope is that by demanding more responsible regulatory policies we can ensure a prosperous 21st century workplace.    With that, I will now recognize my Ranking Member, Ms. Wilson, for her opening remarks.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentlelady and I thank you for reminding us of this celebration today and the 13th Amendment and the impact.    Pursuant to Committee Rule 7(c), all subcommittee members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record, and without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow statements, questions for the record, and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted in the official hearing record.    It is now my pleasure to introduce today's witnesses. Mr. Sam Batkins is director of regulatory policy at the American Action Forum here in Washington, D.C.    Prior to joining AAF, Mr. Batkins worked at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Institute for Legal Reform, and the National Taxpayers Union. His work has focused on lawsuit abuse, tort reform, federal regulation, and state and federal spending.    Mr. Ralph Beebe is president of Highland Engineering, Inc. in Howell, Michigan. It is good to see a Michiganian here. That is just kind of a personal side line between us, right?    He is testifying on behalf of the National Federation of Independent Business. Highland Engineering manufactures troop support equipment and contracts with all branches of the Department of Defense, as well as the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and foreign militaries.    In addition to its DOD work, HEI works with commercial customers in automation and water treatment areas.    Ms. Christine Owens is executive director of the National Employment Law Project in Washington, D.C. Prior to working with the National Employment Law Project, she worked at the AFL-CIO as a senior policy analyst specializing in workplace equity issues. Much of her work has focused on minimum wage and living wage hikes, pay equity, and state unemployment insurance coverage expansions.    Mr. Bradford Hammock is a shareholder and co-leader of the Workplace Safety and Health Practice Group for Jackson Lewis in Reston, Virginia. Prior to this, Mr. Hammock served as an attorney at OSHA, working on regulatory initiatives, compliance assistance, and enforcement policies.    I welcome you all, and as is the policy in this Committee, we would ask you now to rise and raise your right hand.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you. You may take your seats. Let the record reflect the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    Before I recognize you to provide your testimony, let me briefly explain the lighting system, which is probably not unfamiliar to most of you. It is like traffic lights. Green, keep on going, you have five minutes for your testimony. Yellow hits, you have a final minute to wrap up. When red hits, you do not have to screech to a stop but come to a conclusion. You will have an opportunity to answer further questions during our questioning. The same will be true for the members of this subcommittee.    Now, let me recognize for five minutes of testimony, Mr. Batkins. Welcome.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you. Now, I recognize Mr. Beebe, and thank you for being here, taking time away from your business to join us and give us your experience.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you. Ms. Owens, we welcome you, thank you for being here. We now recognize you for five minutes.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you. Mr. Hammock, welcome, and we recognize you now for your five minutes of testimony.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you. Appreciate the testimony of the witnesses. Now, we turn to the panel for questions. I recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Thompson.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentleman. The gentleman's time has expired. I recognize the Ranking Member instead, I guess I would say, at this point in time, Mr. Pocan.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentleman. I recognize now the gentlelady from New York, Ms. Stefanik.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentlelady. Now, I recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. DeSaulnier.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentleman. I recognize myself now for my five minutes of questioning.    Mr. Beebe, the President's ``Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces'' Executive Order 13673 creates a new costly paperwork burden on the existing federal procurement system by placing extensive new reporting requirements on Federal contractors.    More appropriately, this Executive Order is referred to as ``blacklisting,'' an administrative compliance nightmare that this will potentially put in place. It will place thousands of federal contracts in jeopardy, drastically reduce the number of small businesses competing for federal contracts, like yours, and make procurement of goods and services more expensive for the government and the taxpayer.    In her statement, Ms. Owens stated that the Executive Order would only apply to, and I quote, ``to a scant 5 percent of federal contracts,'' and ``The semi-annual compliance process will be quite simple.''    Can you explain from your experience and your perspective the flaw behind that logic?    Chairman Walberg. I would assume it would be very burdensome and cumbersome in the process, especially if you are working with any subcontractors as well?    Chairman Walberg. Would you agree that this regulation protects all American workers?    Chairman Walberg. Who are trying to be honest and upstanding.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you. Mr. Hammock, OSHA's economic estimate for a silica standard is dramatically different, to say the least, than the estimates of almost every industry providing economic data to the regulations docket.    Is there any way in your mind to explain how the agency arrived at such different cost estimates?    Chairman Walberg. I appreciate that. Mr. Batkins, in my 47 seconds remaining here, some statements have been made specifically in reference to the regulations dealing with home care workers. Talk to us about the impact of these regulations.    Michigan has requirements that labor is attempting to put in. We are losing home care workers because of it. Talk to us why.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you. I know that was our impact with care for my mother, similar, Ms. Owens. It is a challenge. I applaud you for doing what you did. It is the right thing to do, but a difficult process. To find the caregivers that were consistent, because of what Michigan has in place with the overtime rules, made it difficult for mom to have someone she recognized to some degree every day.    I now recognize for five minutes of questioning, Mr. Courtney.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Courtney. I now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Takano.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentleman. His time has expired. I want to thank the panel for your testimony as well as your responses to our Committee and the questions we have asked. I now recognize the Ranking Member for his closing statement.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentleman. My perspective is a little bit different. This hearing was meant to benefit both sides or all sides of the equation.    There is no one on either side that want to see employees hurt or wages held down. We want to see expanded living wages. We want people in jobs that are their sweet spots. We want them to go in each day excited about their work or the opportunity to expand their work future.    Just like some of those we had in front of us testifying in recent hearings, who started out on a grill, and ended up running the company, multiple companies. The resume was built. The time was there. Sure, there were decisions that were made that had sacrifices for future award, opportunities for building resumes. It was based up on the fact of reality that choices were made, and with the responsibility also came the benefit.    We certainly understand that 1938 law, the Fair Labor Standards Act, is not fit for the present. We need to see some change to expand the opportunity for flexibility in the workplace.    However, the Department of Labor and what they have proposed does not expand flexibility. It tightens the thumb screws down and takes away that flexibility for people to determine how they work.    We have heard in recent testimony from Uber that the choices that people are making now are not necessarily for remuneration but for the flexibility to have the opportunity for what makes them tick and the opportunity to have a time frame in place that better fits their needs.    Look at actual case experiences relative to regulations. You see the costs that CBO puts out, the cost of loss of jobs coming from the regulatory climate, from ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, which has proven not to be affordable, and not truly the care for more uninsured. That is regulation that is hurting.    If we saw the Department of Labor Wage and Hour Division looking at an expansion of wages for minimum wage that hit the targets that we have looked at in the past, that we have seen going up over $50,000, coming in under that, taking the exemption away of overtime, New York and San Francisco do not even fit in that area.    If we had realistic regulation building that took that in place, that would be one thing. We do not see that.    When I go back to the simple issue of human care, home care for people who need it, and I see the outcome of what is taking place in Michigan, home care providers, companion care providers, that provide great service to my mother and others like that over the years, in their waning years, now being frustrated as a result of those companies having an inability to care for those needs because it costs too much, so they have to make decisions on not providing that care for ones that need it until someone literally dies off and they can move someone in that place.    That is not what we are as a country. That is what we are not as a government. I respectfully disagree with the approach, and I think that is why these hearings are here in place, to see that we have a tension, and we can get over it.    We have to understand it is not us against them, them against us, but rather us working together to find regulations that are needed, yes, but done in a realistic way that promote opportunity, meet needs, and make a better society.    We will keep doing it, and I guess the debate will go on, and we will do that with a smile on our face, but hopefully an intention to come to a conclusion that benefits us all.    With no other testimony or information to come before the Committee, the Committee is adjourned.    