    Mr. Stanley. Thank you. Chairman Neugebauer, Ranking Member Clay, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today.    AFR opposes H.R. 2287, H.R. 2896, and H.R. 3340. We also have some concerns regarding H.R. 2209. We have no views on the other bills under consideration today.    The TAILOR Act would mandate that Federal banking regulators tailor regulations to the risk profile of regulated institutions. We view the specific requirements in this legislation as unnecessary, as regulators are already scaling rules to the business model of affected institutions.    We also view several of the provisions in this bill as potentially harmful. H.R. 2896 requires Federal financial regulators to limit the regulatory impact costs and burdens to regulated institutions. This broad and vague mandate prioritizes reducing the cost of regulation over the offsetting benefits gained for consumers and the general public. It would apply to all regulated entities and is not limited to community banks.    While the requirements in H.R. 2896 sound reasonable in the abstract, their practical effect would be to layer additional requirements on an already lengthy and cumbersome rulemaking process and to create numerous litigation opportunities for the financial industry to challenge regulation in court based on the extremely broad and vague mandates in this legislation.    H.R. 3340 would eliminate the independent funding for the Financial Stability Oversight Council and its research arm, the Office of Financial Research, and also require that the OFR provide an advance comment period prior to issuing any report.    The FSOC and the OFR were created as a direct response to the grave weaknesses in the financial regulatory system that were revealed in the 2008 financial crisis. The inability to provide unified and coherent oversight of nonbank financial institutions, as well as the financial system as a whole, contributed directly to the financial crisis of 2008 and its disastrous impact on the U.S. and world economy.    Political independence is crucial to the work of the FSOC and the OFR. While there are many checks and balances built into the process of FSOC designation, including multiple appeal opportunities and the ability to challenge FSOC designation in court, the potential micromanagement of financial risk assessment through the congressional appropriations process should not be one of them.    The importance of impartial risk assessment is the reason why all of our major bank regulators, including the FDIC, the OCC, the Federal Reserve, and the CFPB, are independently funded outside of the congressional appropriations process.    The bill's requirement that the OFR solicit public comment prior to issuing reports on financial risk would also limit the independence of the agency and its ability to objectively assess risk, free of outside pressures.    H.R. 2287 would require the National Credit Union Administration to make drafts of their agency budget publicly available for comment and to respond to or incorporate such public comments in their final agency budget. We believe the budgetary requirement in H.R. 2287 is inappropriate for a public regulatory entity. The NCUA has the crucial role of safeguarding the taxpayer guarantee of publicly insured credit union deposits. It requires independence from those it regulates.    While credit unions certainly did not cause the 2008 crisis, it is still important to remember that significant public action was required during that period to rescue the credit union system. This included the seizure and closure of several large credit unions and the issuance of over $30 billion in government-guaranteed bonds to stabilize the system.    H.R. 2209 would mandate that banking regulators classify investment grade municipal debt obligations as liquid assets under the Liquidity Coverage Ratio. AFR shares concerns regarding the treatment of municipal debt in the LCR rule and raised similar concerns in our comment to regulators. However, we believe that given existing regulatory efforts to address this issue, and the apparently quite limited impact of the LCR rule on the municipal debt market, it is more appropriate to leave this issue to regulatory action rather than act through statute.    In relation to the FSOC, which is related to the H.R. 3340 bill being discussed today, I would also like to mention another piece of legislation, H.R. 1550, that while not included in today's legislation, may also be marked up by the committee soon. This legislation would at least double the time it takes for the Council to designate a large financial firm from the current 2 years to at least 4 years, and it could create a situation where a large financial firm that is skilled at manipulating the process could delay increased regulatory oversight almost indefinitely.    FSOC designation is already a multiyear process that includes some 10 major steps and multiple opportunities for appeal. Given the importance of the FSOC, Congress should reject legislation like H.R. 1550 that would bog down operations even further.    Thank you.    Mr. Stanley. Yes. Dr. Kupiec mentioned those safeguards, that the legislation does specify that in order to be eligible muni bonds would have to satisfy the rules for liquidity, marketability, and being investment grade. And I thought it was good that that was specified in the statute.    Mr. Stanley. Yes. The concern is that the regulated entities, in this case credit unions, would have an incentive to take risks with insured deposits, and the NCUA, of course, is in a supervisory role to ensure that they don't do that. So there are differing interests there. And if regulated entities could effectively punish their regulator for stringent supervision, for preventing them from taking risks that might profit the credit union but risk those insured deposits, then they could use the budget process to do that.    Mr. Stanley. Absolutely. These are not self-regulatory bodies. They are public regulatory bodies protecting the public interest and protecting potential taxpayer exposure on insured deposits, and it is very important to keep that line clear.    Mr. Stanley. I think there were many, many lessons. Regulators clearly ignored a massive buildup of systemic risk throughout the financial system. There appears to have been this kind of bidding process between different regulators where agencies like the Office of Thrift Supervision let it be known that they were more lenient as regulators in order to get the budgetary advantages of supervising particular entities.    And in retrospect, the failures of risk management and the failures of regulators to spot these risks building up in the system were just egregious, and there is a lot in Dodd-Frank instructing and requiring regulators to take stronger action, and we need to not roll that back.    Mr. Stanley. Yes, that is a great example. I was speaking more broadly about the financial crisis, but in the specific case of credit unions, the NCUA actually had fewer supervisors in 2009 than they did in the year 2000, despite the growth of the financial sector, and we had a major crash of the credit union system in 2009 and 2010 which required large-scale public intervention. So that is a lesson we need to learn from.    Mr. Stanley. Let me say, first of all, to take the case of the CFPB, the CFPB did provide extensive exemptions for small banks and banks in rural communities from those underwriting provisions, the qualified mortgage provisions that Dr. Kupiec refers to. And I would also say, if our concern is, say, banks under a billion dollars, which make up a very substantial portion of community banks and are, I think, the community banks where we have the economic issues, let's limit these bills to banks under a billion dollars; let's put size limitations on these bills.    Mr. Stanley. Excuse me, I didn't quite hear the question.    Mr. Stanley. We don't have views on this legislation and we don't have an objection to it, I don't think.    Mr. Stanley. I think that $15 billion line is one example of many, many places in Dodd-Frank where there was an attempt to restrict the impact of these new rules and regulations to larger banks. And if you have a bank that is now legitimately a smaller bank, I think that it makes sense not to apply it.    Mr. Stanley. I am not sure it was free from politics exactly, but I think the issue is that the entities that an agency regulates are only a small portion of the entire public interest. They are just one aspect of our economy and of our public. And there is often--there is a broader public interest. For example, the NCUA has oversight over insured deposits, and there may be exposure to the U.S. Treasury if there are sufficient losses on those insured deposits. So, there is a public interest that is different there.    Mr. Stanley. I think there is already extensive transparency in the NCUA budget. They put up a very extensive justification of their budget and all the details of their budget numbers on their website. I think what this bill seems to call for is the involvement of regulated entities.    Mr. Stanley. I think that when they finalize their budget, it is available. People can see what that budget is and what that justification is, and certainly they can raise an issue. I think the issue is bringing regulated entities into the process of setting the budget in advance.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much.    I would like to pose a question to Mr. Stanley.    Mr. Stanley, H.R. 3340 would eliminate the independence of the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Office of Financial Research by subjecting their budgets to the appropriations process. In your opinion, what would be the effect of this legislation? What are the benefits of having an independent counsel to monitor systemic risk as well as an independent research office to support that mission?    Mr. Stanley. I think this kind of relates to the previous question that was asked. I think we have all seen in Washington, D.C., that there can be a narrow interest with money at stake that can hire lobbyists to influence the process and have an untoward influence on the process. And those narrow insider interests can come to dominate processes like financial regulation.    I think the benefit of having some independence for these financial regulatory agencies is that they can make their own calls on the risks to the broader public, the potential risks to the broader financial system and the public, including risks to people who maybe are not the insiders here in Washington, D.C., who don't have the ability to hire lobbyists to monitor all these issues constantly. And these regulators need the independence to make the right call for the public interest even if it could cost a regulated entity some money over the short term.    And we saw in the lead-up to the financial crisis the price we pay when that doesn't happen, including for entities like credit unions. Five of the major corporate credit unions failed, and there was $30 billion in U.S. Government bonds put out to support them.    So I think FSOC independence is very important to make those calls.    Ms. Waters. Would you agree, Mr. Stanley, that FSOC is an extremely important part of Dodd-Frank reforms? It is in Title I. And you have just alluded to the management of risk. Would you agree that this agency should be absolutely independent and not be interfered with again by special interests or politics, that if we are to deal with the subprime meltdown and the crisis that was created, that we absolutely need to have FSOC being able to identify a risk and to deal with it?    Mr. Stanley. Yes. I do think the FSOC is one of the absolutely central elements of Dodd-Frank, because when you look at so many of the entities that were involved in the financial crisis, they were not traditionally regulated commercial banks. They were investment banks who were following a capital markets model who at that time were not regulated as commercial banks. They were insurance companies like AIG.    And as our financial sector morphs and evolves, free of the limits that were once put on it by Glass-Steagall, you get a lot of lending and financial activities taken over by nonbanks, and it is crucial to be able to monitor that process and spot emerging risks. Regulators fell far, far behind in that process, and we can't let it happen again.    Ms. Waters. Thank you.    And I would also like to ask another quick question. H.R. 3340 would also require the OFR to first solicit public comment before issuing a proposed report, rule, or regulation. Are you aware of any agency that is required to first seek public comment on the substance of a report they haven't yet published? What would be the effect of imposing this requirement on the OFR? Is there any harm in allowing the OFR to first publish a proposed report prior to seeking comment?    Mr. Stanley. I am not familiar with any requirement that reports be somehow pre-cleared with interested parties before even putting that report out to the public. A report is not a regulation. A report is something that is an attempt to inform the public and inform the public debate. And if people disagree with that report, they are perfectly free to contend with it after it is out there in the public and produce new information and data. And we have seen that happen with OFR. And I think to some degree the idea that you are going to preclear these reports would impoverish the public debate. It is almost an attempt to allow that it could result in censorship of information before it reaches the public, and I think that is a problem.    Mr. Stanley. We don't have a position on this bill. We do feel there were a lot of problems in the trust-preferred securities market, and it is positive that regulators took action. But it is possible that certain banks are caught up inappropriately in that. We haven't examined the issue closely enough.    Mr. Stanley. They provided a public justification of their decision that was fairly extensive, and I believe the FSOC process provides extensive transparency to the companies that are being designated. A lot of that information and that process is not made public because there can be trade secrets involved.    Mr. Stanley. If I could just defend myself against the charge of Soviet tyranny, I do believe that the American people should expect accountability, and I do believe--I may not have expressed myself as well as I could have in my written testimony--because I do believe that everything we do here in Washington, D.C., does have a political component to it and appropriately does have a political component to it.    But the question is, how do we design our political institutions so that the public interest is respected as opposed to a narrow special interest? And in the world of financial regulation there is enormous amounts of money at stake and there are narrow special interests with a lot of money at stake. So we try to insulate, to provide some insulation from those--    Mr. Stanley. I do not.    Mr. Stanley. I couldn't say, but possibly not.    Mr. Stanley. Absolutely. Thank you.    Mr. Stanley. I like what I heard in the last 5 minutes, but since I have 200 members in my organization, freelancing on endorsements is tough.    Mr. Stanley. I have no comment.