    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, General, for hanging in here. I have appreciated very much your knowledge and very nuanced testimony.    I want to follow up on Congresswoman Bordallo's last comment. As a Member of Congress I have made six trips to Afghanistan, and four with a delegation of women--generally three Republican congressional--Congresswomen and three Democratic Congresswomen.    And our goal really has been twofold. It has been over Mother's Day, so to thank our women soldiers. Often we commiserate with them, know how hard it is to be away from home on Mother's Day, as it is for all of those who are serving.    But we have also had the real opportunity to see the gains that have been made for women in Afghanistan. And while they are not as widespread as we would like, I think Kabul has been a prime beneficiary of them, but--and other urban settings--but nevertheless, those gains have been real and your report showed that, in terms of health care, access to education, a whole--access to work, although--however, limited.    So as we are drawing down, our concern really is that those gains are not somehow traded away. And as you have talked about President Ghani's reaching out and referencing the Taliban in his inaugural speech, I can tell you that as we meet with women over there those comments send chills through them because we know how terribly they suffered under the Taliban regime.    And so I think our concern, our bipartisan concern, has become, you know, how do we protect the gains that have been made? And as we have talked today about some of the differences about Afghanistan and Iraq, it seems to me that one of them has really been the signing of the bilateral security agreement, and that it has set up a very different framework and I think has given us leverage, a role in Afghanistan as it transitions to its next phase.    So I am curious--while the security situation is really your role and many of these other gains have been investments that have come about through other parts of our presence there--how you see the United States' role using its ongoing relationship with the government to make sure that, let's just say negotiations do go forward with the Taliban, how we make sure, how we use our leverage there, how you use your leverage, representing the United States, to make sure that women's gains remain on the table and they are somehow not traded away as others argue for a path forward in which the Taliban are brought into the government?    General Campbell. Ma'am, thank you for your visits. Thank you for your question.    Again, I think leadership has a big deal here to play. I think, again, the difference here is that President Ghani and Dr. Abdullah are very committed to this. It is written in their constitution, and so as they work with the Taliban, if there is reconciliation down the road, I think one of the key parameters there will be is that the constitution will hold, and inside the constitution it talks about respect of women's rights.    Again, I think with the first lady, with President Ghani, with Ambassador McKinley and his team at the embassy, with the 30, 40-plus ambassadors I interact with periodically, they all have this upmost in their mind. It comes up in different settings, different meetings I am at.    And so, you know, it is sort of a drum beat that President Ghani, Dr. Abdullah, senior leadership, and then the other ministries continue to hear, and they understand how important it is that they abide by, you know, their constitution and where they want to go.    So I think leadership will make a difference, and I understand that in my realm, in the security realm, what we are--what we have changed now is everything is conditions-based. And so we sign letters of commitment to provide finance, to provide fuel, on and on and on and on.    And I think this is where the same ways we look forward in this area that it could be conditions-based, and everything that we continue to do through different NGOs we make conditions-based and they abide by their constitution, and I think the leadership can make that happen over there.    Ms. Tsongas. I can remember a hearing we had here where a woman who is a leader of one of the NGOs over there said the first indication that things are not going well for women will be the street--if you stop seeing women on the street. So that really does come back to the role of the Afghan National Police.    Are you confident that they are up to the task? And if not, do you see--how would we challenge them to do it better?    General Campbell. Ma'am, the police have done much better on integrating women into their force. They are doing much better now on understanding how they have to deal with communities and understanding community policing.    As we did a deep dive back in December on all the security incidents inside of Kabul, we talked about the high-profile attacks. One way of getting after that was having a police force that had community policing on their mind, understood what that meant.    As was mentioned earlier by one of the members, President Ghani made a change on many of the district commanders inside of Kabul, made a change here. They have been talking about that for a while. He just did that. I think that will adjust.    As I travel around the streets of Kabul the streets are bustling, a lot of women are out and around. And so that indication there says that continues to build.    Again, I think this will be a challenge that they will--that leadership, in keeping a spotlight on this and having the international community make sure they understand how important it is, and that if they don't continue to abide by this then there is a conditionality where they--you take away something, whether it is financial and--you know, they are very dependent upon the donor nations right now, so I think conditions have to go on this.    And I know they are working very, very hard on this and they are dedicated toward that. But there will be challenges as they move forward.    And, ma'am, it is going to take time. So, you know, as I talk about within their army they have a goal--a very hard goal of getting 10 percent into their army. They are less than 1 percent today; they are trying to work toward that.    But I look at my own Army, and after 239 years we are at about 15 percent, you know, so it is going to take time and it is harder based on the cultural differences they have there, but I think they are committed to working at this very hard.    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, General. Thank you for your testimony.    The Chairman. General, I mentioned to you that I thought the questions would be better starting from the bottom, or the more junior members, and I think the questioning has been excellent today. I think we have touched on a lot of topics.    You have had a number of questions about ISIS, or ISIL, and I realize that you are not here as a lawyer, and that you haven't read and studied carefully the implications of what the President has proposed. And I heard you say that at this point ISIS is a nascent threat, although--in Afghanistan, although one you are watching very carefully.    But as we explore this AUMF that the President has requested for ISIS, thinking about how it would work for people like you, whether we are talking about Afghanistan, Syria, Iraq, or whatever, one of the concerns is that it has more restrictions on ISIS than the current AUMF has on Al Qaeda, and some of these groups live side by side.    And so to me, there is just a commonsense concern here that if you have got two different standards to go after two different terrorist groups, how do you have the intelligence to know which is which? And then operationally, how do you have a--have to have a lawyer by your side to make every single decision?    I mean, isn't that--if it comes to be that way--and I--this is a big if, and I am--again, I am not trying to put you on the spot either, but operationally would that not be a matter of concern?    General Campbell. Sir, thanks for the question. And, you know, any commander on the ground would tell you he wants as much flexibility as he can get. And so any policy that provides commanders on the ground the flexibility to make decisions in a timely manner is something that I would--I will be in favor of.    You are right though, sir, the insurgents--and I can only speak for Afghanistan, but the insurgents inside of Afghanistan, they in many cases feed off of each other, and they are interrelated in many different ways and you may have one that provides, you know, finance, food, lodging to one; one that may provide weapons, and secure routes for another. But some fight each other internally, but also it is very, very tough, as we take a hard look at it, to separate some of these organizations.    What I do have right now is the authorities to prosecute those who come after the coalition, and that is how I take a look at it as I try to bend those, is that those that--not by their status, but by their conduct--come after coalition forces.    The Chairman. The reason we are in Afghanistan to begin with is because that is the place from which a plot was launched that ultimately killed 3,000 Americans. And what can you tell us about your assessment of Al Qaeda's core ability to reconstitute itself were it not to be under constant pressure from us?    General Campbell. Sir, thanks again for that question. I do think we have to make sure we understand the threat and how the threat will continue to evolve.    The continued pressure that we provide now with our very credible CT capability, the very best in the world, I believe has prevented a--another attack on the homeland. And I do believe if you do not have pressure--continued pressure on AQ, that it would be a matter of time that they would regenerate that capability.    The Chairman. Under the current drawdown plan, would your ability to gather intelligence for the CT mission be significantly downgraded in this calendar year?    General Campbell. Sir, I--you know, as I look at it, I would much rather go into a classified session with you to discuss that piece----    The Chairman. And I sure don't want to get into details.    General Campbell. But, sir, as you know, as you go from a--any time you go from one number to another, you have to make very, very tough decisions on where you balance that.    And, you know, as I talked before, force protection is utmost in my mind. ISR and other pieces that provide--they do provide continued force protection for me, and so, you know, I look at it very hard and I have to balance that. And so those numbers--well, I am going to make some very tough decisions on where you take that, and then what I have to do if I don't feel comfortable with that, I need to make sure that I come forward to my senior leadership and provide them, you know, what I believe the risk to force is and what the risk to mission is.    The Chairman. Yes. Well, and I appreciate that. Again, I am just thinking from a commonsense measure, if you are in fewer places around the country you have fewer opportunities to gather intelligence, include on force protection, as you mentioned, and on counterterrorism mission, as well, which is of concern to me.    Just to clarify--and I think you answered this earlier--all of the high-value terrorists who were in our custody have now been turned over to Afghan custody, correct?    General Campbell. Sir, not all Afghan. They have been turned over to some other third countries, as well. But I do not have any detainees. I do not have detention authority underneath my authorities after 1 January.    The Chairman. Okay. So they have all gone somewhere, but not all necessarily to the Afghans.    General Campbell. That is correct, sir.    The Chairman. Okay.    Last thought: I am struck. We had, as you know, General Austin here yesterday, and I am struck by the number of members on this committee on both sides of the aisle who have served in Iraq and Afghanistan and feel very strongly that they do not want the sacrifice that has been made in Afghanistan to--I hate to say go to waste, but there is tremendous frustration at what has happened in Iraq, and you got a sense of that today.    I know from your service and from those who serve under you, you share that determination to make sure that, whether we are talking taxpayer dollars or American lives, that the sacrifice is upheld and honored and that it is not wasted because of policy decisions.    The only thing I would request of you is, as you watch this situation in Afghanistan, probably closer than anybody else, if you believe that we are headed down the wrong path, i.e., headed down a path that we went down in Iraq, I know this committee expects and requests you to raise a flag to us as well as your chain of command and say, ``This is headed in the wrong path,'' because I--this committee obviously shares what I have no doubt is your commitment to make sure that all of that sacrifice these last 14 years results in a stable, relatively peaceful Afghanistan from which terrorists cannot again launch attacks against us.    So I will appreciate that, sir. You are welcome to say anything you want, but you don't have to.    General Campbell. Sir, absolutely. I am committed to that. That is what I owe my leadership and Congress here, to give you my best military advice as we move forward on that, and I am absolutely committed to that.    And, sir, thank you for your leadership, as well.    The Chairman. Great.    Well, thank you, sir. I appreciate answering all our questions today.    And with that, the hearing stands adjourned.