    Dr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Werkheiser, thank you for being here to try to answer some pressing questions.    Obviously, it is disturbing to all of us, disturbing to you as well, I am sure, and you have communicated to that. But when you have decades of falsified, manipulated data, we all recognize it is inexcusable. And it is phenomenal to me that something like that can even take place for so long and either not be checked or be overlooked. Whichever the case was, it is inexcusable.    Then we find that, as you mentioned, I believe it was 2008 when a new scientist was brought in, he immediately begins doing the same thing, and earlier this year receives a 30-year service award. It sounds like it is like a resume enhancer to come in and be involved in data manipulation. But the fact that it was intentional and continuous is very difficult to wrap my mind around, and I am sure others feel the same way.    Let's go to this second chemist, the new chemist that came in. We already had, from 1996 to 2008, a long period of manipulated data. We finally have a new chemist come in, and in 2014, discovered that that chemist, as I mentioned earlier and the Chairman did as well, had also been manipulating data.    How long did that chemist stay on the payroll after his fraudulent activity was discovered?    Dr. Hice. All right. June 2016, after he had received a 30-year length-of-service award. Did he retire? Did he get full benefits?    Dr. Hice. Please provide that information. I would be curious to know.    So, for 2 years he still remained on the payroll. What was he doing?    Dr. Hice. Trying to re-create the falsified information?    Dr. Hice. So, we, the taxpayers, were paying for a guy who manipulated data to justify why he manipulated it. Is that what you are telling us?    Dr. Hice. That sounds to me like it could be done through interrogation rather than giving him 2 years on the payroll.    Dr. Hice. Did no one interrogate him?    Dr. Hice. I am not going to use that word ``interrogate.'' Did no one try to just sit down and get the facts on the table?    Dr. Hice. Did it take 2 years of him doing it on his own, and being paid? I mean, I don't understand this. It sounds to me like there is a brief slap on the wrist and he continues on the payroll until he is ready to retire, after he receives an award.    Dr. Hice. Let's not go on--my time is short--what disciplinary actions do you have against employees who commit data manipulation and fraud or commit something against supervisors?    Dr. Hice. But that obviously did not occur in this case?    Dr. Hice. After 2 years?    Dr. Hice. What discipline did he incur?    Dr. Hice. My question has to do with what discipline action was taken.    Dr. Hice. Provide the information, Mr. Werkheiser. It seems like that would be something you would come to this committee hearing prepared to answer.    Dr. Hice. All right.    Mr. Chairman, I have one further question.    Dr. Hice. Thank you.    This subcommittee has repeatedly asked, since the September 23 letter, for the performance evaluation of these two chemists who committed the manipulation. To this point, we have still not received those evaluations. When can we expect to receive that?    Dr. Hice. With all due respect, sir, we are the ones that want to review that information. We are the ones who requested it, and we expect it. When will we receive that?    Dr. Hice. Can you give me a general time line?    Dr. Hice. Thank you, sir.    I now yield back. Thank you for your indulgence, Mr. Chairman.