    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much for being here and for giving us your insight on this very important issue.    I am hopeful that the ongoing negotiations will ultimately result in an agreement that we can get behind and I think, as our chairman and our ranking member said, many of us have a lot of questions about the details of a final agreement and in a letter I think we will express to you what some of those concerns are.    As I listen to the--my colleagues today, you know, guaranteeing that actors to a negotiated agreement are going to behave in a certain way is always difficult and we have no guarantee of that.    And so it seems to me what the goal of this agreement should be is to be sure that we set it out so that it is difficult for them to violate the agreement, that we make it certain that we can detect it if they do and that we have an opportunity to respond to it.    I mean, that is really the best we can do other than imagining that we can control the decisions of lots of other people.    And so with respect to that, last year the Pentagon's Defense Science Board released a report that found the U.S. Government mechanisms for detection and monitoring of small nuclear enterprises or covert facilities are ``either inadequate or, more often, do not exist.''    So in that context, how will we know and what are we doing to ensure that we would learn if Iran was pursuing a covert program, particularly after the sunset of a comprehensive agreement, and will the additional protocols in the NPT address this?    But isn't that a fair question to know? We are not particularly good at that from the sounds of it in general, and with respect to Iran in particular what are the protections?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you. And would you speak for a moment about kind of what you see as the kind of scenario if no agreement is reached?    There has been a lot of discussion about the urgency of enacting additional sanctions, which I think Congress would do immediately and the President would support. But to the extent that happens, do you foresee that that actually would prevent the development of a nuclear weapon?    I mean, the goal here we shouldn't lose sight of is not just to impose pain on Iran but impose conditions such that they don't develop a nuclear weapon. That is the ultimate goal.    And I am wondering if you would speak to what is the alternative of a good comprehensive agreement here. What do you likely see even if additional sanctions were imposed if these talks fall apart? Do we prevent a nuclear Iran in that scenario?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you. I yield back.