    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chair, but not least.    I am going to talk about air power a little bit, since it seems like over the last 15 or 20 years, we have diverted kind of a little away from X-Plane technology, put it into a little bit different phase of different exploration.    And now we are in a phase of flying the wings off an aircraft after 40 or 50 years and not going onto the next generation in, it seems to me to be a little quicker phase to stay up with technology.    Everyone has talked about the iPhone here today, and I have a 16-year-old at home that doesn't know anything different than living with the iPhone, even though it has only been out for 8 years.    So in the time--in the 1950s, when we had five or six fighters working through the program and we worked through the Century series and about an 8-year program, now we are looking at fifth-generation fighters that will probably go through 2050 or 2060.    Is that a concern? Is that a concern that we can do something quicker? We always talk about how we acquire things and how we can get through the acquisition phase quicker.    Well, if we could do that with technology, say we could do a sixth generation fighter today, it would be much more advanced than our Raptors in the air.    But how could we do that in a quicker phase of 15- to 20-year period and then fly them for 40 or 50 years?    Mr. Knight. And Mr. Secretary, I do not argue with you, but in the phase of an aircraft, before fifth-generation, we are talking about armament and how we could change the aircraft. Some of that was with avionics. Some of that was with guts. But a lot of that was what we hung off the airplane.    Today, it is changing quicker, and it is changing yearly, of what the advancement in aircraft can be, how we detect them, how far they can get into the battlefield without being seen.    Those are the things that our young airmen are--should be worried about, because the advancements are coming so quickly. For about 50 years, those advancements weren't there. It was just, if we were faster than you and we could shoot first, then we beat you.    Mr. Knight. Okay. In my last 50 seconds, I am just going to say that if there is some way we can do this in DOD that, you know--companies do this all of the time. We have talked about one today. They talk about how quickly they can get it out into the field, because the quicker they get it out there, the quicker they make money.    The quicker we can do that in DOD, the quicker the warfighter is safer or is ahead of the technological curve. And we have seen that with UASs , with the young soldiers on the field where they are able to see the enemy where they probably couldn't see them without them getting around.    So those things, I would ask that we can do something like that in DOD that might replicate what they do in the private industry.    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    And General, thank you. You have helped the freshman class very much. I am sure you have helped everyone on this dais, but I appreciate your service and your commitment to our country.    The Chairman. Ms. McSally. You are on.