    Mr. Connolly. I thank the chair, and, gosh, I didn't know she was aware of my past work with the U.S. Senate Committee on the Foreign Relations.    The title of this hearing is ``Egypt Two Years After Morsi (Part II).'' It might be more appropriate to acknowledge that Egypt has moved beyond the post-Morsi period and transitioned clearly into a new and distinctly different era, clearly under the leadership of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. While we can still view many domestic developments in Egypt within the context of President Morsi's removal from power and the upheaval experienced during and subsequent to the 2013 military coup, Egypt's new leader, President el-Sisi, increasingly owns this moment in Egyptian history.    The U.S. has long paid a price for stability through a strategically important relation with Egypt, and it is the people of Egypt who have had to bear the price with respect to eroded rule of law, the loss of any political space, and the limits on freedom of expression. However, it is in this uniquely el-Sisi moment in Egyptian history that we have seen the simultaneous dissolution of security and democratic freedoms. As we move beyond the re-litigation of the 2013 coup, and as Egypt turns the page on the post-Morsi era, the U.S. owes this important relationship an honest appraisal of Egypt under this new government.    First, the U.S.-Egypt relationship is critical to regional stability and U.S. security interests. As the second largest recipient of U.S. military assistance and a major non-NATO ally, Egypt has long undergirded our security strategy in the Middle East, chief among which is, of course, preservation and maintenance of the Camp David Accords. The U.S. brokered the 1979 peace treaty between Egypt and Israel, ended a historical pattern of violence between the two nations and brought collaboration in a relationship previously defined by absolute conflict. The fact that the treaty was affirmed under both Morsi and now el-Sisi is the kind of continuity and commitment to peace this region desperately needs.    However, the Arab world's most populace nation faces a growing security threat from within, including terrorists blowing out of Libya into the Sinai, and the Egyptian Government has been beset with the challenge of trying to quell these insurgencies, where more than 700 security and defense personnel--Egyptian personnel--have, in fact, been killed.    The breakup of the Russian jet over the Sinai that claimed 224 lives was one of the more high-profile demonstrations of security failures in Egypt to date. The U.S. provides defense articles to assist with counterterrorism initiatives, but cooperation has suffered from poor relationships with Egyptian security institutions whose interests are sometimes misaligned with those of the United States. The effort to align and strengthen those relationships has been tempered by what many have characterized as a faltering democratic tradition--transition in Egypt punctuated with significant human rights violations. Congress has raised concerns about the trajectory of Egyptian democracy and put limiting conditions on U.S. assistance in the consolidated appropriations bills of Fiscal Year 2014 and Fiscal Year 2015.    I have been glad, as the chairman noted, to collaborate with Chairman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, in working with the GAO to evaluate ongoing security assistance programs in Egypt. Despite the administration's March 31 announcement that it would release frozen military assistance to Egypt, concerns remain. The Secretary of State has yet to certify that Egypt is supporting democratic transition, and we have witnessed troubling developments in the judicial system and brutal crackdowns conducted by security forces. The stream of mass death sentences--death sentences--handed down by Egyptian judges and the killings at al-Nahda and Rabaa al-Adawiya squares erode confidence in the rule of law. The announcement that former President Morsi himself has been sentenced to death was labeled unjust by our own State Department, and there is no doubt that carrying out the sentence would perpetuate the cycle of violence and zero-sum politics in Egypt.    It is estimated that there are now more than 40,000 political prisoners, along with 22 journalists behind bars in Egypt. I have met with individuals personally affected by this crackdown, including a young man, Mohammed Sultan, a young activist detained for more than 400 days after participating in citizen protests. I joined human rights groups in the U.S. State Department in advocating for his release and was pleased to see him finally return home to his family and have the opportunity to meet with Secretary Kerry to discuss his ordeal. What is important: Mohammed Sultan is an American and a victim of the Egyptian justice in the el-Sisi era.    The recently concluded House of Representatives elections did little to consolidate democratic gains, as the chair alluded. As the State Department noted on December 4 regarding those elections, the U.S. remains ``concerned about low voter turnout and limited participation by opposition parties''--it is a bit of an understatement--``Furthermore, the United States continues to have concerns about limits on freedom of peaceful assembly, association, and expression, and their impact on the political climate in Egypt and calls upon the Government of Egypt to ensure these fundamental freedoms.''    As we discuss U.S.-Egypt relations, we must ask ourselves difficult questions about the long-term goals of the relationship in light of backsliding on both the security and civil engagement fronts. Those goals should inform our dialogue with the el-Sisi government and how we confront the fissures that have opened up in this alliance.    One thing of which we can be sure is that continued human rights abuses and power consolidation at the expense peaceful opposition in Egypt is neither consistent with U.S. interests and principles nor an expedient path to an ultimately secure region.    I look forward to hearing the testimony. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    You know, I spar with my friend from California on this panel from time to time. And we are going to spar right now. I saw my friend from California put words in the mouth of Dr. Cook. And if we are going to lecture people about whether you believe in our system, I will point out that it was the official position of the United States Government that Morsi won a free and fair election, whether we like it or not. And my friend finds himself in the position of being an apologist for overturning a free and fair election. That is not American. That is un-American, even if you don't like the results. And I am no apologist for the Muslim Brotherhood or Morsi. But I remain troubled as an American and as a Member of this body that we find ourselves apologists for a military coup that overthrew a free and fairly elected government, one we didn't like, one that was trending in the wrong direction. But is this government trending in the right direction? You seem to suggest, my friend, they are. I beg to differ.    Mr. Connolly. Of course.    Mr. Connolly. I can't hear you. I am sorry.    Mr. Connolly. Reclaiming my time.    Mr. Connolly. There is no question that there is this dialectic in the world, and we are part of that. And our concern, let's--I think we would agree on, what do we want in Egypt? We want a stable, democratic, moderate Islamic government. How do you achieve it is the question. And I suggest that what the Morsi or what the el-Sisi government is doing guarantees that you will not achieve it. It guarantees there will be a backlash. It guarantees there will be no political opposition worth its salt, driving people into the arms of the very radicals or the Islamic Brotherhood you and I don't want.    So, pragmatically, what must we pursue and what must we encourage in Egypt to get the result you and I would both agree on? And that is where you and I disagree. I think being an apologist for this government and its methods is guaranteed to lead to a result we are going to really deeply regret. And given the testimony that our leverage is more limited than ever, God forbid we tie military assistance conditionally. What else have we got? Goodwill? Please, please, please? I mean, our leverage is pretty limited. And so I think we do to need to rethink our policy in Egypt. We agree on a bottom line we want. But we don't agree on how to achieve it.    In fact, I am passionately convinced that if we pursue what my friend from California wants us to pursue, we will guarantee sooner or later an outcome that will be absolutely antithetical to our interests and our desires and, frankly, the interests of the Egyptian people. Glossing over problems with this current regime on the human rights front, on the media front, freedom of press, freedom of assembly, I don't think does anyone a favor. And doing it in the name of our fight against radical Islam is a smokescreen. We do not promote democratic values in the Middle East by actually pulling back on our advocacy for those same democratic values because it is inconvenient, or it is a moment of emergency, or the elected government we didn't like went off on a track that we think, you know, was unhelpful or worse.    I think it is very clear that the human rights abuses that have occurred in Egypt are, frankly, far more serious than the predecessor regime that was overturned. And I don't mean by that to be an apologist for that predecessor regime. I was in Egypt. I was very uncomfortable with the direction of the Muslim Brotherhood government and told them so and came back feeling pessimistic, frankly, about the direction of Egypt. But I sure am not hopeful about the current direction of Egypt. And I believe it is going to exacerbate our problem in the fight against terrorism, whether it be in the Sinai or in the region as a whole. We need to stabilize that relationship. And I think we need to put on our thinking caps about what elements are going to be required to do that.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Connolly. No, I just wanted to thank you. I wanted to thank you for this hearing. I think this was a really thoughtful conversation. I hope we can expand on it because this is a critical relationship. And we have to try to get it right. So thank you all for participating. Thank you.    Mr. Connolly. So much depends on it.