    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This committee and this body, Congress, has been pretty unanimous in, you know, our voice ratcheting up sanctions and in fact when we spoke with that voice we accomplished what we wanted, which is to make Iran feel the pain and bring them to the table.    Obviously, you know, I commend the administration for taking the ball from there and negotiating but, you know, my big concerns with the framework are given our history with Iran, given Iran's actions in the Middle East and around the world, we can't use the phrase ``trust, then verify.''    We have to start from a place verify, and if you are doing what you are supposed to be doing then you will get trust over time. And, again, that is my perspective.    So maybe, Mr. Albright, thinking about it from that perspective--verify and then trust--what are the minimal verification measures that you believe are needed in a final agreement to ensure Iranian compliance?    Mr. Bera. And in your sense is there enough in the framework at this juncture that allows us, again, going from the framework of verify first that gives us unfettered access?    Mr. Bera. Okay.    Mr. Bera. Again, I think if we are doing our job as Members of Congress and members of the Foreign Affairs Committee this does have to be a partnership with the administration and the administration does need to work with Congress, from my perspective, and it does start with having these tough measures of verification.    I do have real concerns if there is immediate sanction relief based on an agreement because an agreement is not actually demonstrating what you are going to do. I would like to see them demonstrate that accessibility, that unfettered access, before you even start considering the sanctions relief.    Mr. Bera. It is sound but, you know, again, unless I am mistaken I have heard some rumblings that there may be some--you know, if the framework is agreed to and signed on there may be some immediate sanction relief, which worries me.    Again, agreeing to a framework and actually doing what you agreed to are two different things. I want to see them do what is--they agreed to, allow us or allow the inspectors unfettered access.    As you said, have some culpability on what their past programs were, and then once we have verified at that juncture, you know, provide some relief. Again----    Mr. Bera. No, go ahead.    Mr. Bera. And I would urge that the administration take a tough stance here----    Mr. Bera . On that and not back down from that. I yield my time back.