    Mr. Barth. Yes. I would be happy to.    As I indicate in my testimony, size per se is a totally inappropriate way to go about designating SIFIs. It turns out that--I know of no regulatory authority that would use just size. In fact, all the evidence that I present in my testimony indicates that size per se is inappropriate, that one should go well beyond size.    For designating G-SIBs, there are 4 factors used, and, as you point out, size only represents 20 percent of what goes into determining whether or not a G-SIB is significantly important.    So I think using just size, the $50 billion threshold is totally arbitrary and static, and one can come up with a much better way to go about designating SIFIs if one wishes to. And I indicate the way to go about doing that in my written testimony.    Mr. Barth. Yes, I do think the concentration of assets in a handful of institutions may indeed be a concern. But, as I point out in my testimony, the 6 largest bank holding companies, domestic bank holding companies, control 68 percent of all the bank-holding-company assets in the United States as of the end of March of this year. The top 11 bank holding companies, excluding the savings and loan holding companies, control approximately 80 percent of all the assets of bank holding companies as of, again, March of this year.    So that is a concentration, but I don't think one should include the regional banks as SIFIs. They do not, in my view, pose a systemic threat. And all the evidence that I indicate in my testimony concurs with the opinion that I just expressed.    Mr. Barth. Yes. I am in favor of a multifactor approach, as you mentioned. Four factors that have been mentioned earlier, I think that is an approach. I am opposed to identifying SIFIs or designating SIFIs solely on the basis of size.    In my testimony, I point out there is indeed evidence indicating that regional banks, for example, do not pose a systemic risk. And if the Fed can tailor its supervisory approach or regulatory approach to banks over $50 billion in size, it can do that for all banks, and therefore there is no need for that designation of SIFIs.    Mr. Barth. No. I know of no evidence indicating that a $50 billion threshold is the right number by which one would designate SIFIs, those institutions with greater than $50 billion in assets, or even if one shifted to exposure basis.    It is interesting--in my testimony, I refer to a study done by three New York University Business School professors, one of whom was a recipient of the Nobel Prize in economics, and they actually calculate systemic risk for banks. And when you look at the regional banks, their scores are less than 0.10 percent. The biggest money-center banks have hundreds-of-times-larger systemic risk scores.    So, again, the evidence that I cite--and it is not just that study but other studies--indicates that there is no basis for using simply size per se and certainly not using the $50 billion threshold.    Mr. Barth. Yes. The study that I just mentioned by the three New York University Business School professors--also, there is a study by the Office of Financial Research using multiple criteria which indicates the same, that the biggest banks dominate with respect to systemic risk. It is not the regional banks.    There is also a Bank of Canada study indicating that no regulatory authorities, to their knowledge, would focus on just size per se.    I don't know of anybody who is going to do a serious study of systemic risk who would only look at asset size per se, whether it be consolidated assets or exposures. There are many other factors, including some of the factors that have been mentioned earlier, the ones used for identifying--    Mr. Barth. Yes. I don't think that the SIFI designation has been worthwhile at all or beneficial. It seems to me that it misleads people about the actual systemic risk of institutions and categorizes too many institutions with the same catchall phrase as a SIFI.    As regards reform, I would agree with Mr. Simmons that one should go well beyond using just size in identifying whether or not an institution is a systemically important financial institution (SIFI).    Mr. Barth. Yes, I am concerned about concentration, but I don't think we have a particularly serious problem now with respect to concentration. The regulatory authorities can deal adequately with the concentration that exists here in the United States. My point about concentration is simply that the money-center banks dominate the share of assets of bank holding companies here in the United States.    So, again, concentration is an issue, but I don't think it is the important issue. I think the important issue is the one that has been mentioned many times, which is that size per se doesn't tell us very much about systemic risk of financial institutions. We have to move well beyond size if we really want to take a serious attempt at trying to determine which institutions are indeed systemically important here in the United States.    Mr. Barth. Yes. I would be happy to, sir.    It turns out there is no evidence supporting the notion that a $50 billion threshold distinguishes between bank holding companies that would be systemically important financial institutions and those that are not.    And as an economist, I typically turn to evidence, and as I point out in my testimony, there is ample evidence, indeed overwhelming evidence, that drawing a threshold at $50 billion for bank holding companies is totally inappropriate if one wishes to distinguish between systemically important financial institutions and those which are not. There is more than just size that would go into any calculation as to whether or not an institution would be a SIFI.    Mr. Barth. I would agree. If the threshold were eliminated, regulatory authorities do indeed have the tools to be sure that financial institutions operate in a safe and sound manner. They have always had the tools.    Mr. Barth. Yes, I do. As Mr. Simmons pointed out earlier, for his bank--and I think it applies to other regional banks, as well--there are costs, but there are no offsetting benefits unless one gets much bigger to spread those costs over a larger asset base.    Mr. Barth. Yes. I agree with you. It turns out it shouldn't be up to the government to force an institution to become bigger simply because it is imposing more cost on an institution--an institution being free to choose its own business plan. And I think Mr. Simmons nicely pointed out the additional costs that his bank is forced to comply with or incur solely because of an artificial threshold.