    Mr. Bishop. Thank you Mr. Chair, and thank you for this hearing; I think it is a fantastic opportunity to discuss an issue that is so very important to this country and the citizens of this country and really one of the reasons--primary reasons why I decided to run for Congress was to address this issue, and not just for me, but for future generations.    I have got three young kids, and it occurs to me that if someone does not step in very quickly, this will get out of control. And my dad used to tell my sisters and me that if we ever found ourself in a hole, the first thing you do is stop digging. And this country, this government, at so many levels, has not done that one essential thing, stop digging.    We continue to dig ourself in deeper. It is not rocket science, we just spend more than we have, and we continue to bury ourself in big government and programs that have failed over the years. And I think there is an institutional reflex to go to back to exactly where we started and to build from there, and we have not reassessed our priorities over the years. And I think that, coming from state government a few years back when I served there, I think state government is a great incubator for ideas on this subject.    And, for example, the State of Michigan was in a financial death spiral. We were being steered right into the ground. I read the title of the hearing today, ``The Federal Government is on Autopilot,'' that is exactly what was happening in Michigan and it was being driven right into the ground.    And changes had to be made, and were made. And about 2010, a completely new group of leaders came in with a new idea and a mandate to get things done, and Michigan has really turned around, in every category, because of that leadership. And you look at the other Midwest States, like Ohio, Indiana, Wisconsin, all have made dramatic turnarounds because of decisions that were made--tough decisions to address really difficult structural problems with the State. And then you look at Illinois, that has not made the decisions at all, and they continue to drive themself into the ground.    So I raise this as a bigger issue. Government continues to grow at just phenomenal rates because we have not been able to do the very thing that we are sent here to do, which is to control our spending and get this place under control. I worry about my kids, and I worry about the future of this country because of that very reason. I wonder, Mr. Eberstadt, can you tell me anything--are there reforms that we can implement or consider that would restore the role of Congress, and rationally matching programs with the ability to pay for them?    Mr. Bishop. That is a good point, and one that I was trying to make earlier with regard to the states, because that grassroots momentum started in Michigan, my home State, and that is really what turned things around, and really was the mandate for members of government to go back and do the right thing. Mr. Steuerle, if government stays on this path, can you reflect on what this means for my kids, for millennials?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you sir. Mr. Chair, I yield back.