    Ms. Edwards. Mr. Chairman, is the mic on?    Ms. Edwards. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the witnesses this morning.    I just want to make sure that we really understand, because I think sometimes there are quite overstatements in these hearings, and so I just want to clarify from the EPA that the Clean Water Rule does not regulate most ditches. In fact, the text of the rule says, and I quote, ``The following are not waters of the United States. The following ditches. A. Ditches with ephemeral flow that are not relocated tributary or excavated in a tributary. B. Ditches with intermittent flow that are not relocated tributary excavated in a tributary or drain wetlands. And C. Ditches that do not flow either directly or through another water into a traditional navigable water, interstate water, or territorial seas.''    And so let's not overstate the regulation of so-called ditches. I've heard that so many times and it is completely inaccurate.    Furthermore, the rule doesn't protect any types of waters that have not historically been covered by the Clean Water Act. Any new requirements for agriculture, in fact, all of the agriculture that was exempt before is exempt now under the rule, interfere with or change property rights, regulate most ditches, as I said, change policy on irrigation or water transfers, address land use, cover erosional features such as gullies, rills, and non-wetlands swales, and include groundwater, shallow subsurface flow, and tidal drains. Those are things that the rule does not do, and so we should be careful about those overstatements.    Mr. Chairman, I know also a number of my colleagues on the other side also deny that climate change is happening or at least that humans are causing it. We've already heard that this morning and have adamantly opposed the Obama Administration's efforts to lower the nation's carbon emissions. Fortunately, according to a recent poll by the Yale Project on Climate Change Communication, the majority of Republican voters actually support climate action to reduce carbon pollution. Additionally, a majority of moderate Republicans support setting limits on carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants. This poll also shows that not all Republican voters oppose EPA's Clean Power Plan.    And so Mr. Chairman, I'd ask unanimous consent to enter these two charts from the Yale Project into the record.    Ms. Edwards. Thank you.    I also want to enter into the record a survey by Hart Research Associates that actually says that voters in fact support the Clean Water Rule and not just that, but an overwhelming number of voters trust the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to do that and not Congress. I think that we should listen to the public.    Ms. Edwards. Mr. Chairman, that's----    Ms. Edwards. That's my time----    Ms. Edwards. Are you entering that into the record?    Ms. Edwards. And I'd ask for the remainder of my time to be added back to the clock.    Ms. Edwards. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I'd also like to add into the record, as we've seen this morning again, that our industry representatives here make the argument that the cost of complying with regulations will ``kill the economy and jobs.'' But this argument has been proven false over and over again. Again, I have a facts sheet from the Pew Charitable Trust describing industry's long history of overestimating the cost of regulations. According to Pew, compliance costs have been less and benefits greater than industry predictions and regulation typically poses little challenge to economic competitiveness. The fact sheet goes on to outline a number of very specific examples of this pattern of the overexaggeration from acid rain and airbags to seat belts and catalytic converters.    For example, chemical production plants predicted that controlling benzene emissions would cost $350,000 per plant. But the chemical plants ended up actually developing a process that substituted other chemicals for benzene and virtually eliminated control costs. In this instance, as in a number of instances, regulation actually drove the kind of innovation, Mr. Chairman, that you pointed to.    I'd ask unanimous consent to enter these facts sheets from the Pew Charitable Trust into the record.    Ms. Edwards. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just want to finish by saying we've had so many of these hearings about regulation, and I would suggest that we'd allow the rule to go into effect and we don't have any predictions at all about what the outcome will be if they are challenged in court, but after--especially with the Clean Water Rule. After thousands and thousands of comments that have been reviewed, changes that were made from the rule on its introduction to the final proposed rule, hundreds of witnesses testifying, it's time that we move after a decade and a half of twiddling around and not knowing what to do and what the rules are to a point where we have some certainty that industry has certainty, that the public has certainty and that all of us get the clean air and the clean water that we deserve.    Thank you, and I yield.