    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and thank you, Dr. Rosekind for being here today. We appreciate it a lot.    I understand the importance of self-driving cars, as we look for ways to dramatically improve traffic safety. In Kentucky, alone, we have had 761 fatalities last year. So, I know we need to better understand this issue.    But I had a chance to meet with the MTC truck driver training school in Elizabethtown. And of course, they are closely following the development of this new technology. And they brought this point up to me and I had never thought of it or considered it but I understand that there are homeland security issues, which have been raised in commercial transportation sector and it is this 15-point list on safety expectations for autonomous vehicles includes a point on digital security to prevent hacking into vehicle systems. I never would have thought of that until they brought that up.    And has NHTSA considered the broader homeland security issues surrounding digital security of autonomous vehicles?    Mr. Guthrie. That was my next question. Are you all coordinating with each other on this?    Mr. Guthrie. OK, thank you. Well, on a related note in your testimony, you mentioned that the guidance was developed in close coordination with the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators, individual states, and other stakeholders. Who were those other stakeholders mentioned in your testimony?    Mr. Guthrie. OK, probably easier to just submit it.    Mr. Guthrie. OK, good, if you don't mind doing that.    Mr. Guthrie. How do you expect entities to certify compliance with each of the 15 areas or certify that they are at least addressed, each of the 15 areas? How are you going to ensure?    Mr. Guthrie. OK, good. And what kinds of information do you expect to collect on each of the 15 areas? I guess my understanding from the letter is it is only expected to be two pages long. So, I think you might have answered that question. What do you expect them to do versus what you are asking them to do?    Mr. Guthrie. OK.    Mr. Guthrie. OK, good. And does NHTSA plan to make the safety assessment letters public and do you expect the safety assessment to include confidential business information that would need to be redacted?    Mr. Guthrie. Well, thank you and I appreciate your thorough answers and in the submission of the other stakeholders was something we would request. You have answered my questions and I yield back my time. Thank you.    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you yielding.    First, Mr. Bainwol, how soon can we expect self-driving cars on the road and what are the main obstacles facing the automakers to get self-driving cars on the road faster?    Mr. Guthrie. OK, thank you.    And Ms. Wilson, what is the difference between the driver assisted systems and active safety features that we are seeing on the market today in self-driving cars? And how are those systems preparing consumers for the future of fully automated cars?    Mr. Guthrie. Thanks. I was just visiting my daughter in Chicago and I have a little older car. And I had to, which we don't do in Kentucky too often, parallel park. And you are not in practice and then I was with a friend of mine who has a substantially nicer, more expensive car than I have that actually could guide him right in, parallel park. It got him right in. So, it was interesting.    Mr. Guthrie. Well, I learned that I need it because we don't do that. I don't do that actually hardly ever back home.    So, Mr. Shapiro, what kind of disruption do you think self-driving cars will have on jobs? I know that you have talked about it is going to increase economic opportunity but just anytime there is, I guess you could say the tractor cost jobs. That is what the Grapes of Wrath is really about. But it also created productivity but it did displace people.    So, how should we be preparing for that disruption?    Mr. Guthrie. My family is in the automotive supply business. So, we deal with some of the companies that are trying to develop the technology. And I didn't have a chance to go to the demonstration earlier but they say, the engineers are talking about the biggest problem is that if everybody follows the rules, this works but if you get into those situations where it is traffic and you have got to like force yourself into, merge. Like you know you waive to somebody and they back up and they let you in, he said those are the things that they haven't--it really is driver using like the way--you know how we all do that. Yes, can you come on in. And they said that is where they are really struggling to try to figure out how to get around those kind of situations.