    Mr. Coy. Well, thank you, Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and other members of the subcommittee.    I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the current status of VA's Transition Assistance Program. Accompanying me today is Ms. Rosye Cloud, our senior advisor for veteran employment and the acting director of the VBA/DoD Program Office, the organization in my office that managing the day-to-day operations of TAP.    We all believe that it is critical for today's servicemembers are prepared to transition to civilian life. We have been working collaboratively with all of our partners to deliver transition tools to help them and their families. It's been a whirlwind time frame, and for the most part, a successful journey.    In November 2011, Congress passed and the President signed the VOW to Hire Heroes Act which made participation in TAP mandatory for all servicemembers. The following month a joint Veterans Employment Initiative Task Force delivered its principal recommendations, all of which have been incorporated into TAP.    The new VA curriculum now consists of two briefings broken into four and two-hour sessions. Additionally, last year, VA fully deployed the career technical training track, a course designed for servicemembers wishing to transition into technical fields that may not require--that may require additional credentials, but certainly not a four-year degree. A contract vehicle was put into place to provide the resources and expertise to deliver TAP worldwide.    Our contractors share VA's commitment to veteran employment. Ninety-five percent of our benefits advisors are veterans. Four percent are military spouses. We currently have over 300 VA benefits advisors permanently stationed at 107 military installations who also provide itinerant support to an additional 189 military installations worldwide. We are reaching out to those communities outside the gates of those installations as well changing the way servicemembers view us.    Between our 300 benefits advisors and our 400 IDES staff, we are now permanently stationed in hundreds of locations. We consider reaching out to servicemembers while they are still in uniform and where they work is critical. TAP GPS is the key front door to the VA.    To meet the needs of the National Guard and Reserve component members, VA deployed benefits advisors at all formal demobilization locations, as well as we remain flexible for Yellow Ribbon and community-based events. In just over the last 15 months, through the middle of this month, VA has conducted over 10,000 benefits briefings to over 280,000 servicemembers.    VA and our partner agencies have also developed an online--developed a virtual curriculum hosted on the Joint Knowledge Online Web site, providing access from remote sites. We have also posted the complete curriculum on our eBenefits portal.    VA has developed and implemented a comprehensive approach to quality assurance. Benefits advisors complete a rigorous training program before being placed in the field and we follow up that training with intensive site visits.    VA has worked hard to develop a number of tools to help and assist transitioning servicemembers do everything possible to help them become informed consumers of their benefits ranging from career scope, GI Bill comparison tool, feedback tools, choosing the right school, and most recently, the Veterans Employment Center or VEC.    The VEC is the federal government's single authoritative Internet source for connecting transitioning servicemembers, veterans and their families to meaningful career opportunities. It is the first government-wide product that brings together a cadre of public and private employers with real job opportunities. Currently, 1.7 million posted on the VEC, thanks in large part to our Department of Labor partners. It also provides tools to translate military skills into language that civilian employers can understand. Job seekers can also build a profile to share with employers. Since its launch nine months ago, we have seen the VEC have over nine million visitors.    The VA has incorporated all of these tools into our briefings and all benefits advisors have been fully trained. Finally, it is important to note and acknowledge our veteran service organizations who are often included in our TAP sessions. VA collaboratively works with our partner agencies to continually improve the quality and breadth of our TAP program. We have come a long way, but also know there is more to do.    Mr. Chairman, we are rowing hard and we will continue to do so. This concludes my statement. I would be pleased to answer any questions you or other members of the subcommittee may have.    Mr. Coy. I will go ahead and start off, Mr. Chairman.    I think tracking long-term outcomes is an incredibly valuable tool as we go forward. We have discussed with our partners a number of different things. One thing that we are doing and we are putting together is putting in our voice of the veteran survey TAP and making sure we are working with our partners to make sure that we ask the right questions and the right amount of questions as well. We also are looking at ways that we could possibly do longitudinal approaches. We do longitudinal studies in both VRE and education, and we are looking at ways that we could add TAP to that mix. And then most certainly, I think, Mr. Chairman, you referenced it in your opening statement, we recently released our economic opportunity report. It is the first that we have ever done and we plan on making TAP also a part of future economic opportunity reports, as well.    Mr. Coy. Absolutely, Congressman Takano.    As you know from past years, this is also a subject that I am passionate about as well. What is interesting with the students that we see coming out, we don't know how many of those students require remedial training or not, but often times as we go through this process, I tell folks that 36 months of Post-9/11 G.I. Bill benefits is two semesters for four years and there is not much room for do-overs that are in there.    So we share your concern as well about remediation. It is one of those things that we saw in our public-private partnership strategy that Ms. Cloud has been working on. We, right now, have an organization called Coursera and they are offering a free online remedial-type course on the Veterans Employment Center. So we are doing those kinds of things. Interestingly, as well, SVA has come out with a mentor-type program where they also provide those kinds of things.    And then the other final thing is we currently have a VetsSuccess on campus counselor on 94 campuses across the country. We are hoping to expand that, as well, where we have VR counselors literally on campus full-time.    Mr. Coy. Congresswoman, I couldn't agree more that we need to get better at explaining the same-sex benefits. We do the VA benefits, and as I mentioned, a four-hour course and a two-hour course. VA has fully embraced the same-sex marriage provisions. There are statutory things that are in the way of that, and so we are sometimes caught in the middle of that, if you will, from that perspective, but we try to explain as best we can to our servicemembers as they are going through their VA benefits briefs.