    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good morning, Chief Tidwell and Mr. Dixon. Thank you for being with us.    The U.S. Forest Service is charged with sustaining the health, diversity, and productivity of our Nation's forests and grasslands, and that is no small deed. The responsibilities associated with managing 193 million acres of national Forest Service lands are significant. The Forest Service has established itself as a leader in natural resource conservation and recreation management.    With these responsibilities in mind, the Fiscal Year 2017 budget request is very conservative. The costs associated with fighting wildland fires continues to rise, and, frankly, I am concerned that those costs are being met at the expense of other important programs. For example, the budget proposes to cut the Invasive Species Research Program. Invasive species are a major threat to our lands.    I will just give one example. We are watching emerald ash borer decimate American forests, killing 99 percent of the trees it affects. That infestation is a wake-up call to the devastation invasive species can reap. We need to be investing more and not less in such programs. And how do we do more? President Obama's budget gives us a way forward in reforming the way we fund wildfire costs, and I support that proposal. We need a more reliable way of funding wildfires that does not continually threaten other important Forest Service programs.    Last year, as the Chairman has pointed out, wildland fire costs made up more than 50 percent of the Forest Service budget--50 percent of the Forest Service budget. Experts predict that if we do not take action to address these problems, it will exceed 67 percent by the year 2025. This imbalance would translate to nearly a $700 million reduction to non-fire programs.    Every member of this subcommittee is a co-sponsor of our colleague, Chairman Simpson's, wildfire disaster funding bill, and the last Senate appropriations mark included reforms that are called for in the Simpson bill. I have to say that I am particularly disappointed that the final omnibus did not include emergency or disaster cap adjustments. I hope we can work together, through the authorizers or on this committee, to solve this problem. If we continue down the path of underfunding programs to manage wildfires, we jeopardize the health and the long history that we have had of having great American national forests.    Chief Tidwell, at the Forest Service, you face difficult challenges to fulfill your mission in this time of limited budgets. I look forward to your testimony and discussing how the Agency is going to cope with these challenges, and I thank you once again for being here today. Thank you for the courtesy of the remarks, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you. Before I begin my questions, I want to revisit quickly a topic that we discussed last year. This is controversial mining proposals that the Forest Service are dealing with across the country. In northern Minnesota, copper-nickel sulfide mining poses a threat to the water quality of Voyageurs National Park, and the Boundary Waters Canoes Wilderness Area.    I understand the Forest Service is working closely with the Bureau of Land Management on these issues, and I appreciate the work that you and your staff at the Forest Service are doing to protect these treasures in our park system that all of America enjoys, and the Boundary Waters and Voyageurs National Park.    It is imperative that we find a way to better balance the cost of fire suppression with the resources needed for other programs that also help you protect, as I said earlier, what we expect you to be able to do in the Forest Service. However, your budget warns that the shift is eroding our ability to serve Americans in a myriad of ways, such as delivering clean air and clean water.    I am troubled by this statement because 180 million Americans depend on drinking water that flows through our national forests, and that accounts for 20 percent of the Nation's clean water supply. It is an estimated value of $7.2 billion a year. Your budget request states that currently 48 percent of the watersheds in the national forest and grasslands are not functioning properly, and that goes to the discussion that you were having with my colleague, Mr. Stewart.    Along that line, our country has a legacy of abandoned mine lands that pose safety risks to public health, with pollutants that contaminate water--39,000 abandoned mine sites on our national forest lands. Over a third of them produce minerals like arsenic and lead that could have significant impacts on human health and the environment.    The budget proposes to increase the funding to mitigate safety risks of abandoned mines by $4 million. Additionally, the budget requests another $4 million to increase managing environmental restoration of these abandoned mines. I am pleased that the Administration is requesting these increases, but as you know, we need to do more.    The timeline for your environmental restoration is even more disarming. According to the budget request, with what you have been able to request, only 150 sites have been cleaned up since 1998. This rate is just unacceptable, Chief. What steps are the Forest Service taking to create a path forward that will accelerate the mitigation and restoration so that we do not leave abandoned mines to be a burden for the next generations to pay for, quite frankly, with their tax dollars and which will put their drinking water at risk?    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Chief Tidwell. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. McCollum. Would the gentleman yield for a second?    Ms. McCollum. You are talking about having funding available for prevention. Technology is now playing a role with the possibility of reducing suppression costs. There was a pilot project last year using drones out there so that we hit the fire right. We save lives. We can react in real time. Do you have money in the budget for more robust work with that? It is amazing. They are amazing, what they can do, because it is real time information.    Ms. McCollum. First, I would like to point out the funding that is in the budget for the Office of International Forestry Programs because doing the detection right helps us get ahead or stop invasive species from coming in. So that is very, very important.    Tying things together, I have to agree with Mr. Simpson. If you look at Minnesota, we are right on the cutting edge where the forests start building up again. The one thing that we have lost in the metropolitan area, and we are fighting very hard to keep, is public access for swimming, sailing, fishing and other recreation. So we are very protective of our public lands.    I would like you to talk more about this Good Neighbor Authority Master Agreement. You have one with Chippewa and Superior International Forest and the Minnesota Department of DNR. When you mentioned marijuana eradication, one of the things our National Guard was doing, before it was so heavily redeployed over and over again both in Iraq and Afghanistan, was to get some of the flying time in looking over the forests. They would work with the Minnesota DNR as well as our national forests on some of the things that were going on with marijuana eradication.    Can you talk about some of these State-to-State agreements that you have going on with the Forest Service and how effective that is in saving money and heading off tensions in the future?    Ms. McCollum. Thank you.    Ms. McCollum. Omaha.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would also like to join you in welcoming our witnesses here today, and I look forward to hearing their testimony.    Funding for the Indian Health Service has been an area of broad nonpartisan support--I think even stronger than bipartisan--and cooperation in the past several years. However, last year's events in the Great Plains region, as the Chairman pointed out, make it clear there is more to be done and that there are still obstacles to us doing more.    We have a moral and legal responsibility to provide healthcare for Native Americans. When we fall short, it is not just a violation of treaty agreements that we hold with Native Americans, but it is a violation of a trust that we share. The failings at Omaha-Winnebago and Rosebud are alarming. Just alarming.    Despite the increase in resources this Subcommittee has provided, it is clear that resources alone will not solve all these problems. We also need permanent employees that have the skills needed to serve the region in a culture that fosters excellence in patient care. I am hopeful that the top to bottom audits that the Service is undertaking in the region will provide the assurances that these incidents will not happen again, and the guidance necessary to improve the entire Indian Health Service.    In Fiscal Year 2017, the Indian Health budget includes $1.5 billion in discretionary funding, a $377 million increase over Fiscal Year 2015 enacted level. Much of that increase, $159 million, would be used to cover increases in the cost of providing the same level of service. $82 million would go towards increased contract support costs, and $103 million would expand and strengthen the Service's programs. I am pleased to see the budget request includes a $12 million increase in the Indian facilities line for construction of new quarters for Indian Health Service staff.    The problems of the Great Plans region have made it clear that recruiting and retaining permanent staff must be a priority for the Service. The quarters budget increase will help the Service bring more permanent staff on board in these very isolated locations.    It is clear that there is a mental health crisis in Indian Country. Pine Ridge Indian Health Service documented 18 cases of suicide and 308 cases of attempted suicide last year. That is nearly 1 case per day. Suicide is the second leading cause of death for Native American youth age 10--age 10--to 34. I am pleased that the budget request includes more than $40 million in new resources to tackle this problem. However, the solution in the mental health crisis does not come from healthcare alone. So I am interested to hear how the Indian Health Service, working with other agencies, will ensure that Native Americans have the access to quality education and housing, as well as economic opportunity.    The Administration's Generation Indigenous Initiative seeks to coordinate its efforts in Indian Country, and I am interested in learning more about Indian Health Service's role in these efforts, and how tribal members can participate in the process.    Finally, I am concerned about the lack of dedicated resources in the budget to combat opiate addiction. In addition to treating addiction, we must develop the tools and pain management to ensure that patients in chronic pain do not abuse their medication later. I want to stress again, I think it is wonderful what the President has put in for drug intervention for youth. But in talking to youth recently in my office over the past 3 weeks, they are talking about parents and people over the age of 34 that they are in contact with that are either abusers or trying to quit the problem. So we need to look at this as a family issue, as a whole Nation problem.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you for holding this hearing today, and I look forward to working with you, and Chairman Cole, and everyone on this committee on these important issues, and doing our part to build healthy tribal communities, making the whole United States healthier.    Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield back.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would just like to follow up on that. It is not just housing in the Great Plains area. It is housing throughout Indian Country. It is a school for the employees to send their children to. The Chairman, and I, and the members of the committee are working on improving the situation in schools, being able to recruit and retain teachers through alternate housing. If you are a person who comes to work at one of these IHS facilities, or even an educational facility, we should ensure that high-quality daycare is available.    This is a whole-of-Nation challenge. President Obama has made it a priority to have all the agencies sit down and work together on these problems. You do not address a whole problem by siloing it, and checking off a box, and saying we took care of it. So I appreciate that, and I think the committee is going to ask at some point what we are doing throughout the agencies to help you address this problem and other problems.    This also goes to a whole-of-family issue. As I mentioned in my statement, and you also touched on, there is a mental health crisis in Indian Country, and Native youth have been particularly hard hit. The budget request does have additional funding for tribal youth around mental and behavioral issues. We could talk about this for hours, but I am just going to lay out a few questions. If you could, give us a general observation and then get back more fully to the staff.    Please describe your request and how these initiatives are going to improve mental health outcomes for youth. Nationally, not only in tribal areas, there is a huge shortage for capacity for youth with psychiatric issues, mental health issues. So I want to know how the Service is going to work to help youth in this way.    Let me just describe what I have seen in Indian Country. Should a youth and their family reach out, they are sent to a regional treatment facility which can be hours and hours away from the family. When a youth is having a challenge, that usually means quite often that the family is having a challenge, or if the family is not having the challenge, the family needs the supports put in place for when that youth comes home. Usually that means family counseling, or addressing other issues and maybe substance abuse problems in the family so the whole family is being treated.    I hear that directly from youth in my office. I was in Red Lake, and they are seeing their out of home placement go through the roof, in part because of substance abuse in the family, which affects a child, or a child is living with a grandparent who needs more tools in their toolbox when the child comes home from treatment.    I want to know what you are doing to bring this assistance closer to home. Building a new regional treatment facility is a good step, but it is not the only step. If that is our only focus, we will have failed these children, and we will have another generation suffering from post-traumatic stress.    Could you kind of give us an overbroad description of what you are doing to address the whole issue? I am pleased that you are asking for a new regional treatment facility, but that is not the full solution. Then please follow up with the staff in greater detail.    Ms. McCollum. Yeah.    Ms. McCollum. Okay.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair. Good afternoon, Mr. Bavasi, and for those of you who are joining us here today for this hearing.    When Congress created the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation in 1988, it did not envision that the office would be still be operating 28 years later, and that families would still be awaiting relocation. America has a responsibility to meet its commitments to the Navajo and Hopi people. We are here today to better understand the status of the relocation effort, and whether or not the office is prepared to start closeout of the relocation process and the office.    Throughout its history, as the Chairman pointed out, the relocation process has been very controversial, and there have been significant delays. The emotional toll on the families that we met with is one that will be with me forever. The issue has been going on for too long, and now it is time to just resolve it.    In January of last year when the Chairman, and I, and others traveled to Arizona, we were able to meet with the families, both Navajo and Hopi tribal members, as well as the staff from the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation. We listened carefully as they explained some of the challenges that were still out there that they were facing, and some of the opportunities and possibilities they saw in bringing this to closure. In recognition of what we learned on that trip, this committee, as the Chairman pointed out, doubled the appropriation Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation to $15 million. This year, the budget request for the office maintains that higher level.    I am hopeful today that we will learn how that increase has been used to ensure that the relocations are done in a more expeditious manner, that they will continue to be done in an expeditious manner, and that the proper mechanisms are in place to address any responsibilities that may exist into the future. Clearly, Congress owes the Navajo and Hopi people the opportunity to bring closure to this issue so that they can start moving forward on working on their future. But we must do so in a proper fashion.    I look forward to your testimony. Mr. Chairman, I thank you for the time, but I also thank you for the trip that you arranged with the staff to go out there to work on this problem.    With that, I yield back.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I concur with the request that the chair is making. I think a quarterly report will be very helpful.    I want to raise something that happened in my office yesterday. Yesterday I was sitting down with some tribal leaders from the Navajo Nation, and we were discussing the water settlement and all the great potential and everything that they have moving forward on their community development. I was surprised to hear that as they are moving forward with their business to serve those families, that ONHIR has been working with them on the role of business capacity leases.    In your testimony, which is not numbered, but it is the last page that I have, you have a statement to continue this fine program with the livestock that you are working on. ``When we are gone it will present challenges for us, the Navajo Nation, and for the local community.'' You go on to add to that the Bureau of Indian Affairs. But you are confident that you can collaboratively come up with a solution.    Are you taking on some new responsibilities with the understanding or discussions with other agencies that responsibilities are going to be transferred to them, and that they are part of the discussion? Can you explain to me, besides the housing, how you are prepared to close out other things? We just do not want the housing closed out. We need to have everything closed and transferred.    Ms. McCollum. Yes.    Ms. McCollum. Well, Mr. Chair, I think we are going to need to know how much that costs because those are going to be costs incurred by BIA now. We have been very successful working together in a nonpartisan fashion to meet some of the needs of the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Education and health we just discussed earlier today. I do not know how significant the amount is or what the expectation is going to be for BIA, and for this committee, to have a new line item. I do not know if there is going to be authorization authority that is going to be required to transfer those funds or not.    Explain to us how this is going to work and how you are going to account for the dollars in the transfer.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chairman, I think we need to have those numbers. We need to understand if there were leases, contracts, memorandums of understanding--whatever was incurred with your office--that are going to be transferring over. If those are considered legal instruments, what the responsibility is, and whether or not it changes with the resettlement moving forward. As you described to us and the committee, in the past when you thought you had noticed everybody to the very best of your intentions, you ended up in court, and then you had to re-notice folks again for the relocation.    We need to head off any potential misunderstandings, any potential miscommunication, and clearly know what these costs are and what responsibilities are being transferred over to other agencies. That is very important for this committee to have, because, in essence, we are closing out the housing relocation, but we are still continuing some of the other issues.    You said that the Navajo Nation might want to continue the ranch. It is self-sufficient, and it is done. But we need to know that that is a mutual understanding, and there has been consultation with the Navajo Nation on that, and that it is clearly spelled out.    Ms. McCollum. Well, Mr. Chairman, I think it could have been some of the discussion earlier with us on the transfer. Thank you.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chair, I am not an attorney, but it has been my experience here in Congress that if things are clearly settled in a court, then it goes to the judgment fund. That is why I think we need to know what all these legal documents are going to look like and what they are. We need to have the Administration's attorneys look at it, and the congressional staff review and look at it, so we know exactly what we are getting into.    And I concur with both gentlemen that some of the things that we saw appear to be the fault of contractors. Then you get into the issue of warranties. I warranty this or I warranty that, or it is an act of God. But one of the things that I found really troubling was that we were in this area where all the foundations were cracking because there was a helium deposit underneath that. What has been the resolution on that? People were asking for that to be checked out. What was the final resolution on that area?    Ms. McCollum. Thank you for clarifying that. We are done building homes there. But any time you have a soil condition, soil conditions can, change at the bat of an eyelash. If you already know you have a poor soil condition there, that goes back to people inspecting, and you said everything was state-of-the-art. Who is overseeing the inspection process, the soil siting process, all those kinds of things? What code are you using? Are you using Federal code, State code?    Ms. McCollum. Well, I just hope that we are not being too naive in who we are having do the contracting. I know it goes out to bidding, and bidding is important. All of us want to respect the taxpayers' dollars. But some of the things that we have seen in schools and elsewhere have not given us confidence, and this is not to you personally.    Ms. McCollum. It has not given us great confidence that inspection procedures have been carried out to their full benefit. Sometimes the lowest bid is the best, but we really need make sure that the inspection process is done properly. Soil siting at the school that we saw, which has nothing to do with the project that we are talking about today, but some of the contract work that we saw at that school was troubling. When I can see things, and Mr. Calvert, who has a lot more experience, and Mr. Cole are even seeing more things--things that were avoidable that the taxpayers are having to go back and do again.    If there is any help you need in making sure that, even if we have to double inspect, we need to get this right. I know that is what you want to do, and I have every confidence you will do that. But if you need any further help from us on that because you feel your hands are tied in some way, please do not hesitate to ask us for our help.    Ms. McCollum. No.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Secretary Jewell, I join with the chairman to welcome you to the subcommittee today. Ms. Sarria, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of policy, management, and budget, and, Deputy Secretary O'Connor, I welcome you, too.    Last year, we were able to make great gains in repairing the damage caused by sequestration, increasing the Department's funding by $1.3 billion. I am so pleased to see that your Fiscal Year 2017 budget request builds on that progress. The Department of Interior budget continues its dedication to conservation and the protection of America's cultural and natural resources in so many ways.    The subcommittee is united in its commitment to the social and economic well-being of Native Americans, so I am pleased that the budget request advances Indian education by investing in elementary and secondary education, and by continuing the more robust Education Construction funding that was enacted last year. These investments are a good start, but so much more still needs to be done.    The centennial of the National Park Service is underway, and the budget takes a forward-looking approach to a second century of stewardship. It proposes investments necessary to begin tackling the backlog of maintenance needs across the National Park system, so that these treasures are preserved for the enjoyment of current and future visitors. And while I support these increases, I do have to express my sincere disappointment with the Department's failure to fund the Save America's Treasures grant program.    The Department also maintains a commitment to engaging the next generation to be stewards of the land by dedicating $1.3 million for youth programs. These programs build a strong foundation for preservation for our natural and historic heritage through initiatives like Every Kid in a Park and the Urban Wildlife Conservation Program.    I also appreciate the budget's strong emphasis on strategic science investments. This work provides data and tools to inform sound decision making to address complex challenges such as drought, response to natural hazards, and climate change.    Once again, the Administration is proposing to reform the way we fund wildfire costs. This proposal will provide a more reliable way of funding wildfires. Additionally, the budget does not include funding for payment in lieu of taxes, the PILT program. Instead, it calls on Congress to do its duty and to reauthorize the program as mandatory spending.    I support this approach. Counties rely on the Payment in Lieu of Taxes Program, and discretionary funding does not provide the certainty that these local units of government deserve. The rising cost of firefighting and PILT are consuming a growing portion of the interior bill, and I encourage the authorizers to address these issues.    Finally, I would be remiss if I did not call attention to the Department's workforce. The Department of Interior is 70,000 employees strong. These civil servants dedicate their lives to managing and sustaining our national treasures. They work relentlessly to ensure that public lands are there for the collective use and for the appreciation of all of the American people. They deserve to do their jobs safely and free from intimidation or abuse. And so, to these men and women, I want to say thank you to all of you. You are very appreciated.    Madam Secretary, I look forward to your testimony this afternoon, and I thank the Chairman for the time. I yield back.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Madam Secretary, last week I attended Governor Dayton's water summit back home in Minnesota, and I heard firsthand the concerns related to our waterways. They included invasive species such as Asian carp, nitrates in our water from agricultural runoff, aging water infrastructure, the effects of climate change, and a whole host of other concerns.    These conversations highlighted the importance of the work that you and the employees at the Department of Interior do who are there to listen and take in concerns. I want you to know that we value the research that USGS has done to better understand our water quality and use. In my own State of Minnesota, we see the importance of the conservation work being done by Interior in our national forests, the refuges, and the parks.    I just want to pass along how much Minnesotans appreciate the work that the Department of Interior is doing to protect our waters. We hope out of that summit there will be some more innovative and creative ideas on which more collaboration can happen.    However, there was another issue that I heard about while I was back home. Even at the water summit, folks were talking about it. That was the Bug School, Bug-O-Nay-Ge-Shig School on Leech Lake Reservation. Secretary Jewell, you know, we have talked about it. You visited that school. You saw the deplorable conditions that the students and faculty have to put up with every day. I know you have visited other schools in Indian Country, and you are hearing the alarm bells go off loud and clear. That is why last year working together in a very nonpartisan way, we increased funding for replacement school construction by $25 million, and funding for replacement facility construction by $12 million.    Now, I understand the Bureau of Indian Education is close to finalizing its new replacement school construction list, and has been making progress on developing these replacement facilities priorities. I would like you to update the committee on status on these lists. Also, you did send, I will call it, a white paper over with some ideas that you had on how we might be able to speed up school construction.    With high suicide rates, with the Generation Indigenous initiative, with what we are hearing about the stress that many of these communities are facing with drugs, alcohol, and now the current heroin epidemic, the youth that were here from Indian Country the last 2 weeks are looking to us for leadership. They see education as an opportunity for more progress and more success for them in their lives ahead.    Can you update us and the committee on how you see us progressing on school construction for the Bureau of Indian Education? As we are getting ready to hand over to the next Administration, what do you think the President will encourage the next President of the United States to be doing on these issues in Indian Country?    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. To Mr. Joyce, we will figure out what is going on. We had legislation, and the Army Corps might have been assigned some responsibility because it had something to do with navigable waters. We will get to the bottom of it.    Without getting into the specifics of what happened in Oregon, because I know that is an ongoing investigation, I want to follow up with a few questions in the most general sense.    I would like to know what the Department of Interior is doing to enhance employee safety. I had a discussion with the Bureau of Land Management, on this topic, and I had a similar discussion with the Forest Service. First responders are quite often what the National Parks folks are. Fish and Wildlife employees sometimes are responding to an accident. Sometimes Interior employees are first on scene to investigate damage to a property on Park Service land, or they are checking something out that has been reported to them by a hiker in a refuge, or they are looking at a flood plain after something has gone through our public lands.    I point this out because we have had fewer employees out there working on a lot of these projects, and protecting our lands, and making sure that visitors have a safe and good experience. They are out there more increasingly alone, farther away from help should they need it--whether they become injured, or they stumble upon something, or feel that they are in an unsafe situation.    If you could, please tell us what the Department is looking at doing to enhance employee protection and personal safety, whether it is out checking on a hiker or whatever. Do you have the tools that you need? Is this something the committee should be requesting you to kind of put together a report on what needs to happen?    We also know damage is done by some individuals in our public lands. I was at Voyageurs National Park, and saw where somebody decided they get a better view looking at what they wanted to by breaking a chain on a picnic table and sawing down a tree. The park superintendent thought she was maybe going to be able to figure out which camper did that. That is damage to public property.    Are you seeing an increase in damage to public property, whether it is things that are clearly unlawful or just people just not using common sense? What should we be doing to work with you to make sure that damage is not starting to impact your budget in a negative way? Your budget dollars are so tight. We are trying to work on backlog. The climate has changed out there for some of the responsibilities and some of the things that the Department of Interior is starting to experience now, and the Forest Service, and BLM. What do you need?    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you.    I would like to welcome the Director to the Subcommittee, and I would like to thank you for being here.    And congratulations to Ms. Stokes, and I wish you all the best in your new phase of life. Let us put it that way. I don't think women ever totally retire.    The Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement is one of the smaller bureaus that the Department of Interior has, but it plays a vital role protecting society and our environment from the adverse effects of surface coal mining. Last year, we provided $90 million for reclamation and economic development grants that will all go to three Appalachian States. This was a significant funding infusion, increasing the budget by 60 percent.    These funds will support important necessary environmental restoration and economic development in some of the Nation's most disadvantaged areas. These lands had been ravaged by the damaging effects of mountaintop mining.    The legacy of poor environmental practices and lack of restoration has devastated communities, forcing them to contend with polluted drinking water, flooding, and the threat of leaky sludge dams.    Now I agree that the Federal Government should step in and help these people who have been failed by mining companies that spoil the land and abandon their responsibilities. However, I do not think the Interior Bill is the appropriate place to fund this grant program.    And Mr. Chairman, Minnesota has a history of mining taconite ore and logging. And in the 1930s, after we had almost clear cut from northeastern Minnesota all the way to the Canadian border and dug open pit mines and devastated our rivers, lakes, and streams, we realized we needed to come up with another plan. Part of it was to figure out a way to mine in a sustainable way. Part of it was to heal back the scars that we had created on the surface of Minnesota. And so the IRRRB was formed, which is funded very differently than how we are talking about funding today.    But I say this, Mr. Chairman, because I know firsthand the devastation that continues from the loss of mining jobs up in northern Minnesota, the amount of money the State of Minnesota and the Federal Government has had to come in and spend in doing land reclamation sometimes when the timber companies and mining companies walked away from it.    So I offer that in the spirit of wanting this to work, but I do want to be clear that I think there is another revenue stream or other ways in which we can move forward in the work that needs to be done in these Appalachian counties.    And with that, I yield back.    Ms. McCollum. Not at this time, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chairman, maybe we should ask CRS, which has a Copyright Division, to get back to this Committee on that? Would that be helpful to all of us?    Ms. McCollum. Let us direct the committee staff to find that out then for us. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have been part of this discussion for a while now, and there is a lot of tension and conflict surrounding the Stream Protection Rule. But the basic part of this rule is to protect water resources.    And as we sit around the table, we don't place a value on water until it is gone or we can't drink it--Flint, the drought in California, some of the other places where water crises have happened around the country. Then all of a sudden, water has a value.    Water has a value then because, whether it is for agriculture sustaining us through food or whether it is sustaining us through drinking water, then we start talking about water as a right. And I believe access to clean drinking water is a human right.    Therefore, we have a responsibility to make sure that we work with industry, that we work with States, that we work with local units of government to protect the ability for all of us in this country to have the right to clean drinking water, the right to have water available for agriculture, the right to have water available for recreation and for fishing, or for the health of the fishing industry.    I believe that right to clean water is at the heart of this rule, and I know that there is tension on how we get there. But if we don't assess that water does have a value to begin with, it is very easy to discount this gift that has been given us that is life sustaining.    I know all of us around the table want to get to the point where we find that balance, and it is hard to find it sometimes. We must find that balance where industry can move forward, agriculture can move forward, recreation can move forward. But the bottom line is, future generations will judge us on how we protected this basic life source of water.    The tension is natural, but we have to remember when we start this equation we don't have a dollar value on water when we talk about it. It is only when it is gone or it is so polluted that we can't use it that all of a sudden we say, ``What happened to the water?''    Could you tell me a little bit more about the goals and the objectives just for public health--forget the recreation for now--that you are trying to accomplish?    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And Mr. Chair, we found out taconite tailings in our State, from mining, caused cancer, and we had to go through a very extensive process.    So I am actually glad we are being proactive in studying these impacts. We have to find a balance, Mr. Jenkins. But we have to be proactive because some of the things that are lurking out there are potential carcinogens.    Thank you.    Ms. McCollum. Well, not a question, just a comment: I understand the discussion about the pilot program, and I get the difference between post-1977 and legacy mining. But, for the record, I want to reiterate again that this $90 million coming out of the Interior budget is concerning to me because we have so many unmet needs.    And I would point out that Minnesota figured out quickly that the taconite companies had to be part and parcel of the future, of moving forward and being part of the reclamation. Appalachia is feeling a lot of pain right now, and I agree that we want to see this issue be resolved. But I also want to be very clear that funding going forward to do this can't be literally at the expense of other communities. Other mining communities have figured out other ways to reclaim some of this money.    So I look forward to working with you, Mr. Jenkins.    Ms. McCollum. Yes.    Ms. McCollum. And I understand that, Mr. Jenkins. But as things change and as budget discussions happen, I just want to lay a marker that it not come out of Interior.    Thank you very much.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCollum. Super cute, you can add that.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, and I would like to welcome Director Kornze to the subcommittee. Thank you for being here this morning, and for bringing a delightful treat along with you, your new child.    The BLM has one of the most challenging missions within the Department of Interior. BLM is responsible for 247 million acres of public land and a broad spectrum of natural resources that those lands provide. For Fiscal Year 2017, the Agency is proposing a modest budget that is $7 million more than Fiscal Year 2016 level, while strategically directing funding to the high priorities and proposing reasonable user fees to cover the cost of oversight.    The proposed budget continues BLM's commitment to Sage-grouse conservation, requesting additional funds to restore the stage steppe ecosystem. Additionally, the budget requests $5 million for the National Seed Strategy to support collection and research activities for seeds that are critical to BLM's ability to restore lands damaged by drought, invasive species, and catastrophic wildfires.    I am also pleased to see that the budget includes an increase for cultural resource protection in the Natural Conservation Lands. These heritage resources and ecological treasures are part of America's history and should be cared for and preserved for future generations.    BLM's budget builds upon the robust investments we made last year to the Land and Water Conservation Fund to promote protection and conservation of natural landscapes and resources. The LWCF also supports access by hunters and anglers, which is something Chairman Simpson and I agree is a key priority for public lands.    The budget includes investments for the Oil and Gas Program. The Administration once again has proposed new authority for BLM to collect onshore oil and gas inspection fees. Resulting revenue would cover the cost of BLM's onshore inspections and activities to help ensure that the extraction operations are safe, environmentally responsible, and ensure a fair return to the taxpayer. This new fee authority would also bring parity to how the Federal government treats offshore and onshore oil and gas inspections.    Appropriately managing American people's lands and ensuring that these precious resources are available for both current and future generations is a solemn responsibility you carry out, sir. We depend on our public lands for a variety of uses, including ranching, energy development, recreation, hunting, and conservation. The way we use our public lands have grown and changed over the years, and will continue to evolve in the future.    And it is understandable that there will sometimes be competing and often conflicting ideas on how we should prioritize and use our lands, but these disagreements should be discussed and debated peacefully and lawfully. There should be no tolerance for threats of violence or intimidation against public servants who are truly the caretakers of our lands. No one is above the law.    So, Director, I appreciate the work that you and all the employees of the Bureau of Land Management do, and I look forward to your testimony. And I thank you for the courtesy of an opening statement, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Thank you for the recognition of Mr. Lowenthal and I having a bill to authorize the Foundation for the BLM.    But I have to say I was disappointed that the budget proposes to eliminate the Challenge Cost Share Program.    This program is in place right now to allow BLM to partner with local organizations, to do on-the-ground habitat, recreation, and cultural resources work. Can you tell us why this program is scheduled to be eliminated? The leverage of private funds to help engage the public and the work that you do is very important.    The other question I have is on the oil and gas rule. The Administration on January 22nd proposed a rule that would limit the rate of flaring at oil wells on public and tribal lands. In addition, the proposed rule would modify the existing royalty rate and provisions to better align BLM's authority and to enhance flexibility, but the rule would not raise royalty rates. So I think of it as a commonsense regulation.    I did share with this committee a year ago, maybe some of you remember, a satellite photo that showed lights flaring from the Bakken fields that were almost as bright or brighter than the entire Twin Cities metropolitan area. So I think these regulations are needed.    Could you talk about the Challenge Cost Share Program, what you are hearing from industry, and what you expect this rule on the flaring to be able to accomplish for us? Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chair, on this point, between the spaying and neutering, is one less expensive and is one quicker? You talk about both, so if one is quicker and less expensive to make a bigger dent in the population, should you just go with one of the forms of permanent birth control for a while?    Ms. McCollum. I think I might have an idea, but I will not be indelicate at the hearing. Thank you.