    Mr. Schedler. Thank you. I want to thank the Committee, Chairman Smith, and Ranking Member Johnson for the invitation to address you today. I think it's very important for you to hear from actual election officials who actually conduct elections. And our job--at least in my opinion, is to make voting easier, more accessible, and to make it tough to cheat.    But in recent weeks, reports on cyber attacks have voters questioning whether their vote will actually count, and that in my opinion is more damaging than the potential for hacking.    We are all on high alert. This whole exercise has put every one of the 50 States working on national security issues with all national agencies in an effort to try to improve the system we have or to recheck the system we have. But the fact is States are always evaluating security measures and emergency plans. As I speak, in Louisiana I'm dealing with 30 precincts from the record flooding that we had in the Baton Rouge area on contingency plans and what I'm going to do to move those precincts, notify voters, and the like.    So yes, we--are we concerned about potential interference into our election process? We absolutely are, but voter fraud is much, much harder to accomplish than you may think. As was pointed out by Ranking Member Johnson, we have some 10,000 jurisdictions of voting in this country hundreds of thousands of voting machines in various locations. The complexity of our election system has reinforced the election process, and what I mean by that is if you think about the complexity of that, it makes it very difficult for any player to go in and actually disrupt a federal national election.    Specifically, States have developed online registration some 31 States have the best practice to improve customer service. They've also developed different ways to guard against intrusion. In Louisiana, for instance, information collected through our online voter registration system does not flow directly into our statewide system. Instead of voter information is sent from a Web site to each parish register in the State of Louisiana. The register has direct access to the database, not the voter.    While it would certainly be disruptive to have registration systems hacked, as we saw in Arizona and Illinois, voters could still vote and Election Day would still occur. Anyone who discovers an issue with their voter registration status still has the option of a provisional ballot. And remember, no voter information was added or deleted in Arizona or Illinois, and most States have electronic paper ballot backups.    In terms of voting machines, it's important to note that so far scientists have only succeeded in hacking voting machines when favorable conditions existed that do not exist on Election Day, including plenty of time and unfettered access. There is no evidence that ballot manipulation has ever occurred in the United States.    No State--and I want to make this clear--has Internet voting, and our voting machines are never connected to the Internet. In Louisiana, all machines are stored in secure, state-owned warehouses. All maintenance, including most up-to-date software applications, as well as programming, is performed by vetted Secretary of State employees, not outside contractors.    Additionally, before every election, Louisiana publicly performs a test-and-seal process in which we demonstrate that each machine is working properly before it is locked with a tamperproof seal. That testing process is also done at the end of each Election Day to demonstrate that each machine is functioning postelection, which is required by roughly 60 percent of the States. And, if necessary, the majority of States can make paper ballots and audits available if a recount or review becomes necessary.    Finally, please keep in mind that timing is critical. Elections are no longer one-day events and voting is occurring right now as we speak. Ballots have been printed, absentee ballots are in the mail, and in-person voting begins in days in some States. To say this is an inopportune time for election officials to be discussing this subject instead of real-time preparation is an understatement. The train has left the station.    During a call with Secretary Jeh Johnson in mid-August, my colleagues and I were assured there would be no intent to declare an election system as part of the critical infrastructure before the November elections. Some Secretaries, including myself, have been very vocal that no matter when that may occur, such a designation would undercut the Constitutional role of the States and local jurisdictions. It would only complicate our ability to properly secure elections.    As of today, there is not enough clear information on what the designation would mean or why it's necessary. States get what we need through existing networks, including the United States Elections Assistance Commission and the National Institute of Standards and Technology, which already identify the kind of testing and certification.    And most standards needed to reveal signs of tampering, there is a role for Congress in this. Most States purchase their voting machines using federal dollars, HAVA, back in 2005, but there is little interest on the Hill when it comes to helping replace our aging systems. I suggest you revisit HAVA and see how an investment in voting technology could benefit our nation in the long run.    In the meantime, we have received a sobering wake-up call on the serious nature of cyber attacks. States will continue to take a proactive approach to secure our election systems, and at the end of the day, I want to assure every American--and I speak for all of my colleagues, the Secretaries of State Association--that your next President will be determined by the vote of the people and every vote will count.    Thank you for allowing me my comments.    Mr. Schedler. I'll take a stab at that. I'll say on the registration side of it, as evidenced by the two States that have had a problem, one of which, from what I understand the code was giving and the other one was detected immediately. I'd probably give it around a three. On the Election Day, one and one half or two.    Mr. Schedler. Well, I think with we should be looking more long-term with additional dollars to improve the States' machinery or equipment at this time. It's been over ten years since we did HAVA funding. And I do want to make one comment. As far as Homeland Security assisting us, we already have that assistance through FBI and Homeland Security, and you nearly asked, you don't have to be a critical infrastructure to get that service.    Mr. Schedler. Yes, ma'am. I would put that risk again, as I indicated earlier, on Election Day very low for the reason that no State is on the Internet. I find it difficult to hack something that's not on the Internet. All machines are not--none of the machines are linked together. They're all separate cartridges, so they're independent. My bigger concern on Election Day would be something of a physical nature, a physical threat that would be something much more difficult to deal with. And I put that at a very high number.    But as far as cyber attack other than what's occurred on the election side--and again, there's been no change. I think that was more of a data collection attempt personally. I know in Louisiana if you go--we are an online registration State, Ms. Johnson. If you went into my system to change party affiliation, address, whatever you may do, you may think you're accessing my entire system. You're not. You're in a silo and a person behind the scenes drags out that information, disseminates it to the local register and puts it in the public side, the campaign side, or in the registration side. So if someone hacked you, they would only hack Ms. Johnson. They wouldn't get the entire list.    Mr. Schedler. First off, we do have early voting, certainly something in the last decade that we didn't have prior to that, a paper ballot, relaxed paper ballot laws now. I mean, we all remember the days you used to have--almost have to have a doctor's note or an airline ticket to be able to absentee vote. That's no longer the case across the United States. And we do have easy accessibility through nursing home programs, ADA compliant with visually impaired and the like. So I think there's been tremendous improvements made, and voting is probably easier today than it's ever been.    Mr. Schedler. I know of none. And to be quite honest with you, I ask the question to Secretary Johnson of Homeland Security, is there an imminent threat known? And his answer was no, and that was reported in several news agencies. So I know of zero.    Mr. Schedler. I had a request from a Russian Embassy out of Houston to come monitor my elections in Louisiana----    Mr. Schedler. --and I would suggest to you if I allowed that, I'd be run out of office in Louisiana, but especially----    Mr. Schedler. --with the conversation we're having. But I know of zero.    Mr. Schedler. I would certainly echo that comment. And if you allow me just to claw back on you previous comment, I mean the whole Russian argument has--they've actually accomplished I think--even if they're not trying, we've done it for them, quite frankly.    Mr. Schedler. Congressman, I would say it's good. I mean, we did a survey before this hearing and we got a response from, I think, 19 of 20 States to try to ascertain that. Aside from my knowledge from serving, and I don't profess to be an expert on every state system, but there's a lot of similarities, there's a lot of differences in the States and that's what makes it so unique. But I feel very comfortable again--and the representative from California who appears stepped out.    Keep in mind the Democratic National Convention, the component that was hacked was the campaign side of it. Each and every one of us like me is elected. All of you have used a campaign commercial list to determine a mail issue, a walk list in a neighborhood, whatever it may be. Those are readily accessible. I'd sell you mine. If you know me well enough, I might give it to you.    But that is vastly different than the registration component and certainly vastly different than the Election Day component of equipment. So I think you have to understand that forefront to get into this subject. There's no one minimizing what happened with the Democratic National Convention. I know I have and I know with one of my colleagues, and that makes no difference if you're in a red state, blue state, or purple state.    But the bottom line is maybe it's just our knowledge of the system that gives us this feeling of somewhat--not overconfidence because I think this is a good thing that we're going through, but we all remember the year 2000 when the world was going to end at one second after midnight. I'm still using batteries my wife bought for that event. That does not mean that we did not have reason to believe with studies and we should have been prepared. We went through that gyration. Or when a ballgame--when the scoreboard goes out on a football game, if you're sitting in the stands, you know what's going on. And guess what? There's other people taking track of those statistics at that same time.    It's the same with election systems. If one component goes down, we have various components that come in and--it may delay it some but it doesn't create a nuclear war.    And I can't speak to what happens in the Ukraine. I can only speak to what happens in the United States, and I'll tell you, the election system in the United States, just like many other things in this country, in spite of maybe what we think, is the best system in the world. Is it fool-proof? Absolutely not.    And I'd also tell you there's no such thing as a perfect election. Anybody that tells you that don't know what they're talking about because anytime you've got 10,000 machines at play and 15,000 people from 65 to 90 years old, things are going to happen. It's how you handle that. It's how you document that and move forward.    So I'm very confident in it with caution lights on. And there's no disrespect to anyone who believes otherwise. We're looking at it. It's forced us to do so. But I am deeply concerned, and I can speak to my Democratic colleagues and my Republican colleagues that have been on conference calls over the last several weeks with this issue. We are in unison. This is the worst situation we could be talking about as we enter this election. We've been going through a chaotic convention process. We have voters who are more disgruntled than ever. And we are adding to that participation rate in a very negative fashion.    And I feel very comforted in saying that I speak for all of my colleagues that we are deeply concerned with the rhetoric that's going on right now from the national press, and we're not trying to minimize it. We're double-checking, but there's little that could be done in eight weeks, little. We just need to stay the course, have confidence in what we're doing. And again, I'm very confident that on November 9, you're going to wake up and you're going to have unofficial result of who won the President of the United States because keep in mind it's unofficial. We go through that audit in every county, every parish, every State postelection before it becomes official and you go to your electoral college.    Mr. Schedler. Thank you.    Mr. Schedler. Yes?    Mr. Schedler. Well, I do not think critical infrastructure is needed at all. I mean, as was indicated by Dr. Romine and I did a little bit earlier, we can go to Homeland Security now, we can get those tests by FBI. We have a committee--matter of fact, your Secretary of State Brian Kemp, who has been very active in this whole process with several of us, is one of the committee members that we've appointed from NIST to serve on the Homeland Security Committee and to do best practices and the like.    So most States are cooperating with their local FBI agents when needed, and you know, again, I don't mean to be flippant but do we really want to create a new TSA for elections in this country or a new Postal Service? I just don't think we need that. The Constitution says very vividly that it's up to the States for the time, place, and manner in which we conduct elections.    It is a constitutional issue, and I understand that from the rhetoric that's not the intent, but to go and put the national elections on par with the banking system and the electrical grid, in my point--in my position is way overreach, unnecessary, and we can accomplish the same goals. It's not that we don't want their support and assistance when we need it, but we can accomplish that in a far less intrusive way, I think, if we just keep things on pat now.    And again, I think the answer is part of new equipment, new HAVA dollars, whatever it may be to improve these systems. We're working on trying to get a system where you can vote anywhere in the State, just like was represented earlier.    So critical infrastructure would be an absolute--and I think I speak again for--I don't know of any Secretary of State that's voiced an opinion that they want to be part of that.    Mr. Schedler. Yes.    Mr. Schedler. No.    Mr. Schedler. Well, we do have a post-audit function. Now, we do not have a paper ballot system after we are looking at that when we go out for RFP next year on a new system, but we do--of course, our screen under HAVA does--after you complete voting, it pops up and gives you everything of who you--every person you voted for, position you voted for. They give you one more opportunity to rectify that if you want to change it or there was an error.    What we see a lot on highly sensitive machines is an elderly person may be dragging their hand and it inadvertently hits the button below or a lady with long fingernails, sometimes it will have a problem, but you do have the opportunity to rectify that. But we do audit after every election. We audit at the end of each day on early voting to ascertain the correctness of the vote and basically balance the balance sheets so to speak so----    Mr. Schedler. That is correct.    Mr. Schedler. Right. We've actually gone out to Denver. The county of Denver has a very similar situation that is now being used in California and other States with the paper ballot where the majority of folks actually want to bring that ballot in and put it into a box so to speak at a site. So we've looked at that system.    We've looked at the printing of a paper ballot instead of on the screen that would go into a locked box. I would be personally against that voter taking that ballot out of the precinct. I think there's one State that does that.    But overall, to answer your question, I mean I think the systems are sound, but everyone has to remember every State is different, and that--I think that's the uniqueness of the system, a lot of similarities, but each State is very unique in the way they do their elections. Some may have a week of early voting, some may have 30 days. Some States have no early voting, and that is the prerogative of that State.    Mr. Schedler. Well, I think it's important to remember that, you know, we never link machines together. I know that some new systems that are being touted like a Wi-Fi and if you had a multiple-precinct site where you have a Wi-Fi, now that to me is a little scary.    But when you consider the concept of each individual machine has a cartridge that's delivered by my office--now, we're a top-down system. We're not by county in Louisiana so we are vastly different. But--two or three days before, we literally deliver all the cartridges for all 10,000 machines to the various parishes, counties, to the clerk of court. The morning of the election--and we--when we deliver a secure laptop that is our equipment, it's not used to go shop on Amazon or anything else.    And the morning of the election the commissioner in charge for that precinct picks up those cartridges and puts that cartridge individually into the machine, turns the machine on, and at the end of the night that cartridge is retrieved. It is driven back to the clerk of court with a sheriff's escort usually, and it's imported into that laptop. And it is on a closed-circuit line sent to my office in Baton Rouge.    Mr. Schedler. So, I mean, it is a little bit different, but to my knowledge no State interlocks machines so the concept of getting into one machine with one cartridge and you miraculously change all 10,000 across the State is ridiculous because you'd have to go into each machine individually and you'd have to have the programming.    Mr. Schedler. Well, I mean the only thing I know of the Russian is the DNC issue. I don't know if they've ever determined where it came from in Arizona or Illinois.    Mr. Schedler. Yes, ma'am. I appreciate that. And I know I speak for all of them. We're very concerned about the rhetoric at this time.    And if I could just add on the cost issue, I do have just on Louisiana, currently, we have roughly 10,000 voting machines that cost roughly or did cost $5,200 each on under HAVA so that--to replace those by today's dollars, if you could get the machine--which you can't--$152 million.    If we went to a system similar to what Mr. Becker just indicated to you--and I'm overly simplifying an iPad concept, whether it be proprietary or store-bought, less than $300 each. Now, you do need two to three per machine so the hardware costs for us in Louisiana, $152 million on the replacement if you could get it, roughly $50-60 million, 1/3 of the cost. And 75 percent of it is in the programming cost. The hardware is only 10 or $11 million.    Mr. Schedler. Well, training is paramount. That came out in the Presidential Commission to all Commissioners or poll workers, whatever you want to refer to them as. We do a strong education component at the clerk's level. We assist with that. We have a very unified videotape that we use so we have consistency across the State. But we do heavy training and certification, and we require them to get certified annually. I think that's a huge benefit because the better trained, the better experience you're going to have on voting day.    We also use people in voting lines, especially at larger precincts for questions or promoting that GeauxVote app where you could let individuals take a look at a mock ballot and actually mock vote that ballot on that phone to use as a guide to shorten lines and have a better experience in the voting booth.    And the other thing that to me is a strength of poll workers and your voting boards in counties in regards to the subject we're talking about today, we all know our poll workers. They've been there a long time in most cases, great Americans. They do it for love of country, love of the experience. They don't do it for the money, that's for sure. And if you could just think about the greatest deterrent is that both Democratic, Republican poll workers together, do you realize if someone was going to affect an election, they'd have to go against that 80-year-old lady that's been there 30 years? I don't think that's going to happen whether they're Democrat or Republican.    And to me that's one of the hidden jewels in our system, whether you have the best state-of-the-art equipment or whatever we have, you've got people on the ground with two eyes and they're looking at the process. They know the process. And to me that's the strength of the American system at its core. And it's really fundamental. It's the same way we did it 240 years ago. And I just think that that's something that we need to recognize in this whole debate.    Mr. Schedler. That I couldn't speak to. I think it's dominant across the country, but I wouldn't say every State does it that way.    Mr. Schedler. I would think it's a strength because, as I look to the--I mean, people--the most common question asked of me is, Secretary Schedler, when are we going to be able to vote on the Internet? And my answer is I hope never because the world is evolving and we see it. I mean, the Department of Defense gets hacked into. Everything gets hacked into. And that's why I'm so adamantly--I want to keep it with the States to decentralize it, make it much more difficult. But the day we go on the Internet, all bets are off as far as in elections.    Now, I want to caveat the comments. There are a couple of States that do allow a return of an overseas military ballot via the Internet. I think four, I believe, Alaska being one and I don't know--remember the other three. So I want to clarify that. Now, that's a small percentage of the overall vote. But they do allow a return of--but I will say this in defense of that, although we don't do it, it is a secure--you know, military--they have to get a pin, you've got to have access. You just don't just send them an email and here it is. They have to get access and have ability to open that file up and do something with it. So it is a little bit different. But certainly, under the argument and discussion we're having today, could be vulnerable.    Mr. Schedler. Yes?    Mr. Schedler. I thank you for----    Mr. Schedler. --coming. I came back with Representative Honeycutt. I came to Washington yesterday with him----    Mr. Schedler. --with Garret Graves and Steve Scalise, flew with them, and he had the same expression to me so----    Mr. Schedler. Well, you all know shares of rain, too.    Mr. Schedler. No, it was pretty--30 inches of rain in some spots, 25, 30----    Mr. Schedler. --inches of rain.    Mr. Schedler. No, no, no.    Mr. Schedler. I know you're not trying to start a war----    Mr. Schedler. --or anything. I'm a pretty simplistic kind of guy----    Mr. Schedler. --you can see in my delivery. I asked a simple question and I do not profess to be an IT expert, but I come at the derivative of saying if you're not on the Internet with voting, how do you hack into the machines? And I'm just coming at it very simple----    Mr. Schedler. --apple pie. I don't know much more than that, but if you're not on the Internet out in the cloud how do you hack it? If they're individual machines with cartridges----    Mr. Schedler. If he gets deep on me, I'm not going to be able to argue with him.    Mr. Schedler. Well, there seems to be a trend if you consider a trend what four States, five States now, but in many cases it's done for cost reasons also. I mean, you have to factor that in.    Mr. Schedler. I'll say this. You have to have some other protections, and I think Oregon and some of the others do, but I mean I've always said that the best way and easiest way to perfect fraud is right here in my hand.    Mr. Schedler. You know, when I mail out a paper ballot, I have no earthly idea who actually votes that ballot. I may be able to verify a signature, but I can tell you that we've had a couple of cases in Louisiana on mail ballots with frail and elderly in a small jurisdiction where the individual canvassing the area goes to Ms. Suzy and Mr. Joe's house, knocks on the door, says, oh, can help you fill out your mail ballot? And they do. Need I tell you how they vote? We caught one guy. Instead of keeping the addresses of 15 elderly people, he sent it from his campaign headquarters.    But the point being, you have to have some checks and balances even under that system even if you're verifying the signature with electronic machine or signature, not naked eye. So I always contend that this right here is the easiest way to perfect fraud in the system. Now, it doesn't mean that it's wrong to do it because I'm very respectful of other States and how we do it.    But I will just say this. In the entire subject matter we had HAVA dollars ten years ago, and I think this will set the stage with sparse dollars in States and in this country at this time. We have $386 million of un-appropriated HAVA dollars purportedly still out there. I gave you an example of what are the costs to replace Louisiana systems. So $394 million may go a long way, if not completely retool all 50 States with assistance from the Federal Government.    But we can put layer on top of layer on top of layer of what ifs and what have you, and as long as you all can write the check, we'll do it. But at some point you've got to use practicality here, and I am again--myself, and I think I speak for all 50 of us--we are very confident in the system we have. We have trifecta backups, audits and the like, and even under some of the worst-case scenarios that I've heard here today, I am still very confident that you may not have results November 9 if catastrophe hits, but if you're a little patient with us, we'll get you the results and you'll have a new President of the United States.    Mr. Schedler. Not--no. Each machine has a separate cartridge and it's independent. They're not--none of those machines are linked together. And to answer your question, what occurs at the end of that night is that cartridge is retrieved from that machine. It is taken to the clerk of court or the central location in that county--at least in the parish in Louisiana--and it is put into a secure laptop and transmitted on a closed-circuit line, not on the Internet.    Now, we do have--I mean, there's other systems. There's a tape on all machines that we can replicate. If a court challenge to an election--I can't tell you how you personally voted but I can certainly tell you if you voted and I can reconcile that tape. And there's one other method. Even in the transmission of those results on the nightly news that you referred to, there is a delay and there is a reason why we have that delay, to be able to detect any interference in that process.    And again, even it occurred, delaying in getting you official results--because keep in mind on election night the results are unofficial. We all know that from being elected. The news media is out there declaring winners before the polls even close. That's their job. Our job is to make it accurate and effective.    Mr. Schedler. Yes, sir, pretty much. That's--to my knowledge, it's the way everybody does it.    Mr. Schedler. It usually dictates--I mean, it's usually dictatable by the closeness of the election. I mean, usually a challenge or if there was some major malfunction, but typically it's triggered by a challenge by a candidate, someone, you know, wins by 10 votes or loses by 10 votes, challenges that and requires a recount to be taken.    We are also very public with the certification of our machines or you as a candidate or a campaign can watch us certify those beforehand in the warehouse and also when we reopen those machines to recertify candidates are allowed to come in or representatives to actually watch that process and to watch all that matching go on.    I gave an--I testified last week at the EAC on this subject, and if you can bear with me a minute, it probably is a good representation of your question. I watched in utter awe with major networks with an individual that was claiming he had a handheld device that he could put early voting cards into and vote as many times as he wanted. Now, I don't argue the point that you can have a piece of machinery like that. They do it at gasoline pumps and the like. But what I did question was in the early stages they never, ever brought in anybody that ever conducted an election to dispute that.    And you have to allow for an early voting site that someone is going to sit there and watch as somebody keep injecting a card--how times are they going to vote? We have time limits in most States. But at the end of the day, even if you have that piece of equipment, you still have to have the programming of what engaged that card. And at the end of the day, if there were 100 people they came in to early vote by signature next to your name and we had 106 votes, we're going to be able to determine by that number on that card that you don't see of--that you voted six times. We don't know how you voted, but we know you voted six times so we'll catch you.    Mr. Schedler. I'm from Louisiana. We've got a lot in common. But we've cleaned that act up.    Mr. Schedler. We no longer throw ballot boxes in the Mississippi River. We don't do that anymore.    Mr. Schedler. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Schedler. My response to that would be the best system for which the people of that State feel comfortable in voting.    Mr. Schedler. Okay. Because New Hampshire, I mean, if you can just think of the variety that we have across the board from the East Coast to the West Coast in Oregon, I mean, just totally different constituencies, totally different comfort zones, and, you know, if some people still like going to vote in their neighbor's garage and if that's what they want to do and then that's good for that State.    So, I mean, I guess that's the best answer I could give you. No, I wouldn't say that we're the best, although a few years ago Pew had us at number 18, which would surprise you I bet because I used to always say if you interview people on the streets of New York on the late-night television show, they'd never mention Louisiana in the top 20, but we're there. We've done a lot of----    Mr. Schedler. That's correct. That's correct. But I think that's probably--I know that's kind of a politically correct answer, but out of respect for all my colleagues and all the States, I think you have to make that decision.