    Mr. Johnson. Thank you. It is good to be back. Thank you for having me.    Members of the subcommittee, Chairman, Ranking Member, thank you for the opportunity to testify in support of the Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Minority-Serving Institution Program, the HBCU/MI Program. This program funds important Department of Defense research at HBCUs and MSIs around the country and is critical to our long-term national security.    This program provides valuable opportunities for students at these institutions to gain exposure to science, technology, engineering, and math research at DOD labs. It also helps to fill the void in our STEM workforce by creating a pipeline of talented researchers in cybersecurity, linguistics, and data modeling and analysis.    Mr. Chairman, HBCUs represent 3 percent of all 2- and 4-year colleges, but generate 25 percent of STEM bachelor degrees awarded to African Americans. But sadly, despite HBCU's strong track record of success, the Federal Government has cut STEM funding at these institutions in recent years.    Last year, this committee recognized the contributions of HBCUs to our STEM workforce and our economy and stood strong in the face of attempts to cut funding for the HBCU/MI Program. I urge the committee to do so again this year as the fiscal year 2016 DOD budget comes up for debate before the committee and to fully fund the HBCU/MI Program at $40 million. These funds would go a long way towards training students for futures in STEM, work-study programs, scholarships, and academic support initiatives for students of color.    The HBCU/MI Program already has strong ties with the Naval Air Force Warfare Center and several centers of battlefield capability enhancements. These partnerships have accelerated defense technology, research, and helped our Armed Forces solve complex technological challenges.    This program is critical to the cultivating of STEM talent necessary to meet our growing technological needs, and this valuable program is helping America meet the global defense challenges that face us.    Again, I want to thank you for the opportunity to express my support for this program. I respectfully urge the committee to reiterate its support for this program by fully funding it at $40 million. And with that, I will yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.