    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I appreciate the chance to have an important hearing.    And to the Chairwoman, thank you very, very much for appearing before us.    Last month I was pleased to join my colleague, Congressman Lance of New Jersey, in introducing the Consumer Review Fairness Act. And I appreciate the comments on the proposed legislation that you were helpful with.    I would also like to commend a friend of mine, Eric Swalwell, who has been working on this issue for several years as well.    I think we can all agree that truthful consumer reviews are an invaluable tool for prospective consumers in making an informed decision. Like you, I am concerned about companies hiding non-disparagement clauses in their terms of service in an effort to bar consumers from posting negative reviews of a product, service, or experience.    Ms. Ramirez, can you briefly discuss the current tools at the FTC's disposal to combat these types of non-disparagement clauses and how the FTC has dealt with these cases in the past using these clauses?    Mr. Kennedy. And I appreciate that. If you are looking for additional legislation, do you think the Consumer Review Fairness Act would address and provide you with sufficient authority to prevent future use of those clauses from intimidating----    Mr. Kennedy. Great. Thank you.    And shifting gears for a quick second, I was hoping you might be able to discuss the FTC's approach to made-in-the-USA labeling. How is it enforced and what are the benefits of ``all or substantially all'' that standard, if you can just articulate that?    Mr. Kennedy. So, I agree, and it is my understanding that the chief goal of this legislation is, just as you said, to create a singular uniform federal standard for made-in-the-USA manufactured products. I think that is a great goal. But I share the reservation when it comes to blanket preemption of all state laws in that area. In many cases states are far more effective at implementing these types of standards and serve as a great partner and complement some of your efforts.    Can you discuss concerns you have with the bill as it is currently written? And if that is the main concern, preemptive concerns, if you would just go into a little bit more detail, and about the ability of states to be able to actually enforce that standard as well?    Mr. Kennedy. And what about a private right of action? I'm sorry. Excuse me. What about a private right of action?    Mr. Kennedy. Great.    In your view, would blanket preemption, as the bill is currently drafted, cause any shortfalls in consumer protection? Would it limit the ability of consumers to ensure products are labeled truthfully if only the FTC has the authority to enforce it?    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you, ma'am.    I yield back.