    Ms. Speier. Thank you very much for allowing me to participate today. I apologize for not being here for the entire hearing--excuse me. I had a funeral to attend.    But I want to applaud the committee for recognizing the gravity of this issue and the importance of putting a spotlight on the issue and coming up with some solutions to dealing with it. I am sure you have undertaken a complete review with the panelists that are with us today, who are--many of whom are experts, about the fact that this is, indeed, a very serious problem. Regardless of how you crunch the numbers, the incidence is widespread on college campuses and we need to take steps to address it.    Let me say at the outset that I have worked on this issue now for over 2 years. I have worked very closely with my colleague on the other side of the aisle, Pat Meehan, and we have introduced the HALT Act.    But in doing all of this we have spent time with the Office of Civil Rights, and I want to commend them. The OCR within the Department of Education in the last couple of years has done an outstanding job of creating greater accountability, frankly, because we have seen for a very long period of time that the Title IX coordinators on most college campuses weren't even available to people. They were oftentimes buried in Web sites.    That all is changing now due in large part to dear colleagues letters that have been sent out by OCR and others.    It is personal to me because I have a daughter who is in college, and every college that we visited before she chose the college that she is now at, the first question that was asked by every parent--the first question when we were at orientations was what was the safety of that college for their child.    And this is a bipartisan issue, Madam Chair. I can't tell you the number of Republican fathers and Republican mothers who have said to me, ``I am really upset that this issue hasn't been dealt with appropriately.'' And frankly, sometimes it is not until you are six degrees of separation that you appreciate how close it can come to you.    So climate surveys, which we have used very effectively in dealing with sexual assault in the military and has been used in the military for a long period of time, is something that we want to see incorporated by universities. It is a picture that helps them appreciate how significant the issue is.    The HALT Act will also provide for a number of other elements. You know, one of the things that Title IX does, it has a--it is a heavy hammer. If you aren't providing the kind of nondiscrimination in education you can lose all your federal funding, which means you lose all the grant money, you lose the option for student loans. And so it is a heavy hammer.    But it is, I think, important to create a system that provides some fiscal penalties short of that heavy hammer, and the HALT Act would do that.    It would also increase the violations--the penalties for violations to the Clery Act from $35,000 to $100,000 and create a private right of action under Clery for students whose institutions failed to inform them of safety risks and of their rights.    It provides more money for investigators in the Office of Civil Rights by about 5 million and--as an effort to decrease the backlog that exists right now with the Title IX complaints that have been filed.    Now, I spoke to a number of young women who had been assaulted at the University of California. I won't name the campus so they won't be drawn that closely under the microscope.    But in talking to these young women--and there is nothing like hearing the stories of these youngsters to appreciate how insidious this can be. And in many of those cases, the victims were never even interviewed.    That may be shocking to some of you, but that was commonplace. And how can you properly evaluate a case unless you interview both the perpetrator, or alleged perpetrator, and the victim as well?    The question as to whether or not colleges should be engaged in this at all--and, Ms. Scaduto, you had referenced that a few moments ago--you know, is probably a legitimate question. You all have codes of conduct, though, and under that code of conduct, if you violate that code of conduct you take actions to remove those individuals from the campus.    So you certainly have the wherewithal, and you certainly use that code of conduct in dismissing or suspending students who don't comply with the rules of the university. And I would suggest by being engaged in something that is clearly a crime, which rape is, that meets the standard of suspending or terminating a student. But I also appreciate that you, you know, have to weigh the various interests.    I do think that the Office of Civil Rights needs more resources. I do think that we should create a proactive responsibility that institutions, you know, plaster the notices of how you can seek Title IX coordinators in the bathrooms of every dorm and sorority and fraternity, and those simple things. The HALT Act goes beyond that.    And I see my time is expired, and I thank, again, the chair for the opportunity to participate.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much.    I want to thank our witnesses again for taking time to be here today.    I would like to recognize the ranking member for any closing comments.