    Mr. Groves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for inviting me to testify today about executive overreach in foreign affairs.    The debate over the proper scope of executive power in foreign affairs has been going on for more than 200 years. It arose during the 1793 George Washington Presidency when he declared that the U.S. would be neutral in a war between France and Great Britain. The Monroe Doctrine, FDR's Destroyers for Bases Agreement, and the Algiers Accords are just a few historical examples where significant questions have arisen regarding executive authority in the conduct of foreign affairs. And here we are in 2016 continuing this debate.    In our defense, it's not really our fault. The text of the Constitution, though fairly specific on the distribution of power in the domestic sphere, is less helpful in the foreign affairs arena. The Constitution was written to remedy certain pre-constitutional disputes. And as a result, we're forced to strain to find textual guidance to address many of the issues that arise today, particularly in foreign affairs.    There is, of course, the Commander in Chief Clause, but most of the executive's foreign affairs powers have developed through historical practice over the past two centuries. To make things more difficult, for better or worse, the Federal courts rarely intervene to clarify the limits of executive power in foreign affairs because such cases usually present nonjusticiable political questions that courts are loath to answer one way or the other.    But, today, I'd like to focus on the President's actions in the area of treaty making and how, in my view, he has overreached and even abused his authority. This Task Force has already heard testimony regarding the President's executive actions regarding immigration and health care that constitute overreach.    In the foreign affairs realm, the President does the same thing but through so-called sole executive agreements, as mentioned by Professor Vladek. Specifically, the President's decision to treat the Paris Agreement on climate change as a sole executive agreement was an overreach and an abuse of his executive authority. Never before has an international agreement of such import been treated as a sole executive agreement, not once in American history.    The President himself stated that the Paris Agreement will literally save our planet. That's a quote. And yet the agreement somehow does not rise to the level of a treaty requiring the advice and consent of the Senate. The President's actions are an overreach for several reasons, first of which is that they fly in the face of a commitment made by the executive branch to the Senate in 1992. Back then, during the ratification debate on the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change, the Senate was concerned President Bush or a future President would negotiate follow-on agreements that had emissions targets and timetables but not submit those follow-on agreements to the Senate. The Senate, then controlled by Democrats, required assurances that any such follow-on agreement containing targets and timetables would be submitted for approval. President Bush agreed on behalf of the executive branch, and the commitment was memorialized in the framework convention documentation during the ratification process.    Now, the next President, to his credit, lived up to that commitment. When President Clinton negotiated the Kyoto Protocol in 1997, he treated it as a treaty, something that would have to go to the Senate for advise and consent. He didn't attempt to circumnavigate the Senate. He didn't ignore the 1992 commitment. He didn't simply declare the Kyoto Protocol was a sole executive agreement that didn't require Senate approval. He stuck to the commitment because that's what Presidents should do.    But President Obama is unwilling to live up to those commitments. And the Paris Agreement certainly contains targets and timetables, but the President refuses to submit it to the Senate. That is executive overreach. The President's actions also ignore the objective criteria used by the State Department in determining whether an international agreement is a treaty versus an executive agreement, the so-called Circular 175 procedure mentioned by Chairman King. As I detail at length in my written testimony, when the eight factors of the C-175 procedure are applied, it's clear that the Paris Agreement must be treated as a treaty. But the President has chosen to ignore those factors as well as the 1992 commitment to the Senate.    Now, because of this overreach, that will not likely be remedied in Federal court, it is incumbent upon Congress to refuse to fund the implementation of the Paris Agreement until the people, through their elected Representatives, approve it, and at a minimum, this House should refuse to appropriate U.S. taxpayer dollars for the so-called Green Climate Fund or any other financial mechanism associated with the Paris Agreement or the U.N. Framework Convention. Congress should also continue to resist and disapprove of all regulations meant to implement the Paris Agreement such as the Clean Power Plan.    I thank you again for inviting me to testify, and I look forward to any of the questions that the panel has.    Mr. Groves. It should be dealt with, you know, on its own merits. You know, if for some reason there was a President Trump or maybe it was President G.W. Bush who negotiated this Paris Agreement and treated it as a sole executive agreement, I would still be here testifying against it as a conservative. It is the principle of the matter that Congress and the Senate is being bypassed. Then they will come to you and ask for the appropriations, billions and billions of dollars a year, by the way, for this Green Climate Fund. So, on the principles of separation of powers and executive overreach, you should still defund this until it can be remedied, regardless of whether you agree or disagree with the President's views on climate change.    Mr. Groves. Correct.    Mr. Groves. You know, it's a dance that we've seen with these government shutdowns time and time again. But I would answer your question by referring to Congressman Cohen's concern that, in some time in the future, we could be faced with a President Trump and if Congress is intending on protecting its congressional prerogatives and its power of the purse and having principled positions when a government shutdown is looming, now is the time to assert those, so that if and when there is a President Trump, you are not accused of mere partisanship and you stood on principles that came out during this Task Force and these hearings.    Mr. Groves. Well, right now, the C-175 procedure, if everyone adheres to it, does the job. As I mentioned, during the Clinton administration, they adhered to it, and they knew the Kyoto Protocol was a treaty, and that's why they never even bothered to submit it.    You have to really strike a balance between codifying some of these procedures to make sure that these things can be better understood between the two branches in the future and stepping over the line between where the separation of powers are between the legislative and executive branch. But I think there's probably a middle ground where the current state of affairs with the C-175 factors and how it is decided whether to negotiate something as a treaty versus an executive agreement could be codified in a way that brings greater transparency to the process and we can avoid some of these disputes in the future, as we've had over----    Mr. Groves. I don't know about him. I wasn't on his team. I think the guy that I was backing would give a hoot. I think that other well-meaning Democrats in the office would give a hoot. We have proof of it. President Clinton gave a hoot, and there were a number of things that he would have loved to have seen. He signed the Rome Statute on the International Criminal Court; the Convention on the Rights of the Child, a human rights treaty; and the Kyoto Protocol. He would have loved to see those things come into action, but he didn't pretend that they weren't treaties. He didn't pretend they were sole executive agreements. He adhered to his obligations.    Mr. Groves. I was on Senator Cruz' team.    Mr. Groves. No, there actually is no way to do that and----    Mr. Groves. Not constitutionally.    Mr. Groves. Well, I mean, the House did and the Senate had an opportunity during the omnibus to put in language strictly--specifically preventing the transfer of the $3 billion to the Green Climate Fund that the President had pledged.    Mr. Groves. There was a need to put that in if you wanted to prevent the President from reprogramming other funds from other climate-related international aid areas into the Green Climate Fund, which is what he ultimately did in order to come up with the $3 billion that he had pledged.    Mr. Groves. Well, I would defer to Eugene on the Iran nuclear deal issues. We had a debate. We have had debates within our circles about whether the Senate can just decide on its own that an agreement is a treaty and we are going to take a vote on it. There's good arguments on both sides of that issue. I think I agree with you--whether the Senate can do that, there's good arguments. But I agree with you that the Corker-Cardin bill was, I think, a wrong-headed way to move forward because you essentially turned the two-thirds advise-and-consent vote into the one-third----    Mr. Groves. I would just speak as to the Paris Agreement. We have very specific things that the President didn't adhere to that demonstrate his overreach. The test is not whether there was a specific statutory law that the President has breached. That's a pretty high bar. What we have in the Paris Agreement is we have him ignoring the C-175 procedure, which decides what's a treaty and what's a sole executive agreement. We have him ignoring the 1992 commitment made by a prior executive to the Senate to submit future agreements with targets and timetables to the Senate. That is the basis for my opinion that President Obama has gone beyond his mandate when it comes the Paris Agreement.    Mr. Groves. Well, it's--I wish it was set in stone, but it's not. I wish the U.S. Supreme Court had come down with an opinion laying out all of the factors, but they haven't. And don't know if that's their role. What we do have is there were disputes over this back in the 1950's. You remember things like the Bricker amendment. You remember things like the Case-Zablocki Act where the separation of these powers between Congress and the President were debated. And one of the things that came out of that debate and out of that dispute was the Circular 175 procedure, which gives eight factors, which I detail ad nauseam or at least at length in my written testimony, which takes a look at the final Paris Agreement and element by element examines it to see if it meets those eight elements. And it's--my opinion is that they meet all eight of them; not one or two, not just five or six, but all eight, I believe, are satisfied when you look at the extensive and comprehensive treatment of climate change that the Paris Agreement gives you.    So my short answer would be: the C-175 procedure is our best test for what's a treaty.    Mr. Groves. Carefully. We want to be able to do so without breaching the separation of powers. We want to do so in a way that doesn't hamstring future Presidents, Republican or Democrat, in making sound international agreements. I think, as I stated earlier, if it can be done in such a way that would foster transparency, it would--half the job would be there. As it stands, the State Department does an internal procedure under C-175 and ultimately submits a memo to the Chairman and Ranking of the Senate Foreign Relations, and that's the end of it. Very opaque. No one, I think, outside of those Committee hearings gets to read those, and maybe sometimes they shouldn't because they might be sensitive. But when we don't have more transparency or more ways that both Houses can kind of examine these things before it's too late, I think you end up with the disputes that we are having here today with the Iran nuclear deal and with the Paris Agreement.    Mr. Groves. Well, a lot of this goes back to what I've said about transparency. I mean, under existing procedures, when the State Department is going to open up a new set of negotiations about a new international agreement, it's under an obligation to go through internal processes under C-175 and notify Senate Foreign Relations about its intentions. What I do not know sitting here, is if and when that notification went to Foreign Relations? Was it back with the hardliners in 2009, or was it when Ben Rhodes', you know, spin and, you know, his--the picture he was painting for the press happened? That type of transparency is the type of thing that----    Mr. Groves. Absolutely. It's all under this particular procedure, which arose from these types of disputes that happened back in the 1950's when everyone was trying to rebalance----    Mr. Groves. I don't know what you guys have in your briefings but----    Mr. Groves. Yeah.    Mr. Groves. What I'm hearing about is--the backtrack is these were nongovernmental channels. These were back channels, and so they will probably take the view to the extent that this ever comes out, that it wasn't yet ripe to trigger notification of Senate Foreign Relations.    Mr. Groves. Well, sure. You know, the executive agreements are usually narrow. They are often bilateral. They don't require additional congressional legislation to implement them or additional funding from Congress. Their provisions can usually be executed in a fairly brief period of time. They are less formal. There are just a number of things that history and practice has done to separate the two. Whereas treaties are comprehensive, lengthy, complex with lengthy periods of time, like the Paris Agreement is open-ended--there is no end to the provisions under it, including our obligations to fund the Green Climate Fund and other mechanisms to the tune of billions and billions of dollars.    Mr. Groves. I think on all fours, it's a treaty. If you just look at the objective factors under C-175--you look at historical practice, you look at the commentary of legal scholars, a lot smarter than I am--and apply that to the facts of the Paris Agreement, I think it's uncontrovertibly a treaty.    Mr. Groves. Say again, sir?    Mr. Groves. Yes, under the procedure, they are supposed to send a memo, a comprehensive memo, to the Foreign Relations Committee in the Senate explaining why they are going forward in a particular way, why they are going forward as an executive agreement versus a treaty. I'm not privy to that memorandum or even know that it was sent or not. But I'd sure be interested in reading it because making the case for a comprehensive Earth-saving international agreement, I'd like to see how that got fit into a sole executive agreement format. But I'm not privy to that memorandum.    Mr. Groves. Well, we need to raise the level of the current state because it was just ignored by the President. If there's a way to codify it without breaching statute--pardon me, without breaching the separation of powers agreements, there are proposals that have been out there. There is a legal scholar named Oona Hathaway who has given a comprehensive proposal on how we might approach this issue going forward, especially due to the huge propagation of executive agreements and congressional executive agreements in lieu of treaties. So it's something that the Heritage Foundation and some of my colleagues there are exploring with the idea of proposing legislation in the future--probably not during an election year, but maybe thereafter--where both the House and Senate can codify, make this process more transparent, avoid these types of conflicts in the future because the executive branch needs to know how much or little support it's going to have in the future with a particular agreement. I think more transparency is the answer.    Mr. Groves. Sure.    Mr. Groves. Well, it has got a few recourses. It can hold hearings. It can raise the level of scrutiny on what the President is doing. It can show the overreach. But when push comes to shove, its number one tool is exercising the power of the purse. And in things like the Paris Agreement--I'm unsure about the Iran agreement--but in the Paris Agreement, it pledges billions, tens of billions, probably over time even more, billions and billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars to go and finance something called the Green Climate Fund, which is going to redistribute funds to climate-change projects all around the world in developing countries. Congress has the absolute power to stop that money. Thus far, it has chosen not to do so, but I hope that this--hearings like these and Task Forces like these continue to keep the profile high on this so that when these funding measures come up again in the future, we can take a very close look at them.