    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank the witnesses for being here today. These are some fascinating subjects, and I'm struggling a little bit on which one to address here. We've got land use and a clean environment. With got the law of conservation of mass and energy and energy conservation or net energy gain or the carbon cycle and economics versus of real versus inflationary food costs. These are all things that I like to talk about.    But let's start off with the carbon cycle and land use. And, Dr. DeCicco, if I understand your argument that there's--and getting back to the law of conservation of mass and energy, there's only so much carbon in the world, and the question is where's that carbon going to be located? It's either going to be in the atmosphere or is going to be sequestered somewhere under the ground or in biomass here on the earth. And if we create a new crop source to make ethanol or corn, then you're going to be clearing more land to produce this corn. So you're changing land-use and putting a crop there that's going to be planted and harvested every year.    I remember being at a conference on renewable energy where they were showing in South America where they had cleared this highly productive land to grow--I don't remember if it was sugar beets or corn, but in the photo there was timber from a rainforest stacked up in a perimeter around the land. It was used to keep animals out of the crop.    But as we look at that, something we haven't talked about is the energy gained from corn ethanol. And the research that I've looked at show that somewhere between 1 to 1.3, maybe even as high as 1.6 on the energy put into producing corn ethanol versus the energy that you get out. We've been talking more about the carbon balance on it. But if we look at other forms of cellulosic ethanol or biomass, even though the processes haven't been refined, the numbers on the net energy gain are much higher than what we see on corn ethanol.    So are you saying we should totally abandon all renewable fuels, or is there room for more research to develop some of these cellulosic ethanol technologies maybe from woody biomass that do have even a bigger carbon cycle effect?    Mr. Westerman. And if we look at----    Mr. Westerman. --in our forests across the country right now, we've seen hundreds of millions of tons of carbon going up in smoke every year from forests that are mismanaged. And if that carbon were captured and used for energy, it seems to me like there would be a net benefit from energy and the carbon cycle to do that.    Mr. Westerman. And I think I'm out of time, Mr. Chairman, but if you'll oblige me just a few minutes, or are we going to get a second round of questions?    Mr. Westerman. All right. Thank you.    So if we look at where we're at on the cellulosic fuels, it seems to me it would make sense that while conventional energy prices are low, that we put more money into research to make these cellulosic fuels competitive in a free market so that when conventional fuel costs go up, we could use these renewable fuels in a market-based economy so that we're not subsidizing or mandating the use of them. But we just don't have the technology yet to make them cost-effectively to do that. Would you agree with that? Mr. Coleman, your finger is on the button.    Mr. Westerman. Yes. And, you know, most consumers, I think, care about what the price is on the gas pump, however it gets there.    Mr. Drevna, would you like to address that?    Mr. Westerman. Thank you for that extended minute, Mr. Chairman.