    Mr. Foster. Well, thank you. And thank you, Mr. Chairman, for allowing me to sit on this committee hearing.    I guess my first question is, assuming that ITER succeeds and that sometime around 2025, 2030, would succeed at everything including DT--the DT program, what are the--going to be the remaining unsolved problems A) to be able to design a production which--you know, something that is an energy plant, you know, what's on the list of things that will be unsolved problems?    And secondly, what will be needed to understand what the levelized cost of electricity from a tokamak of those dimensions might be? You know, those are the two things that have to succeed to make fusion succeed as--succeed scientifically and engineering-wise, and it has to succeed economically. And so what will be the unsolved problems in 2025 or 2030, assuming everything goes nominally? I'm happy to have--you two can split it.    Mr. Foster. That's the power density on the diverter or not----    Mr. Foster. Right. Okay. Right.    Mr. Foster. And is that--are there actually designed studies where you say just, okay, imagine that you're not making one of ITER but you're making worldwide 100 of them? You know, how cheap could you imagine making all the superconducting coils? How cheap could you imagine making all the different components? You know, you can be optimistic there, but if you find that the levelized cost of electricity doesn't look--you know, doesn't look attractive, then you have to actually step back and maybe reallocate between more adventurous but potentially cheaper ones and straight ahead with the current plan.    And so what's the current state of knowledge of what the economics might be, just assuming everything works technically here?    Mr. Foster. Oh, unquestionably. And if you tell me you are optimistic it will be a factor of the--the unit cost will drop by a factor of five, it's not unthinkable, but then you still have to do the cost of electricity calculation and see if you're happy with the result. And that's--I wonder if--those sort of studies must have been done for different versions of fusion machines at different levels of accuracy. What's the current understanding for whether the ITER design point has a shot? I mean, that's the question I'm trying to get at.    Mr. Foster. That's----    Mr. Foster. --13 cents a kilowatt hour, right?    Mr. Foster. Yes. Stu, do you have anything?    Mr. Foster. Well, thank you. And, you know, that's very important to our--the strategic decisions that we're going to have to make.    I guess at this point I yield back.    Mr. Foster. Yes. I'd like to talk a little bit about the physics risk of different machines. I mean, we've just--in the case of NIF, you know, we saw a tremendous technical success, I mean, in terms of delivering the laser power to the objected succeeded--you know, I'm blown away by the--by, you know, the success of that from a technical point of view but unexpected--and despite having the access to the best supercomputers, the best codes, there was new physics uncovered because it was a big extrapolation from tested measured regimes of material.    And in the case of NIF they were very fortunate that there's a very good secondary mission to the National Ignition Facility, to the stockpile stewardship, all of the high energy density physics that is to be done there. And so it's a tremendous and ongoing successful facility.    In the case of ITER, you're building it to make fusion power. If there are unexpected physics of plasmas that are discovered that make the machine not work, that is a very different class of problem.    So my question was is our current state of understanding of the physics simulation of plasmas and the measurements made such that ITER is really going to be operated in an understood regime right now? Or are we extrapolating in ways that may have some physics danger in not achieving the goals?    Stew, do you want to give that a shot?    Mr. Foster. Okay. Yes. But when there were difficulties encountered in the ignition campaign at NIF, there is no shortage of theorists to come out of the woodwork and say----    Mr. Foster. --well, we told you in the initial design studies you needed 10 megajoules on target to make this----    Mr. Foster. --certain to work, and we told you so. Are there a similar group of people standing in the background saying, look, there's a good chance that ITER is going to run into physics problems or really is there a much better consensus? Is that----    Mr. Foster. Okay. And can the same be said when you're looking at stellarator designs, other magnetic geometries and so on, or are there a different class of uncertainties there?    Mr. Foster. And will a lot of the uncertainties be resolved with the data from the German machine in terms of stellarator or are there--or is that really not a ``modern design'' so you won't have that data?    Mr. Foster. All right. Let's see. If I could have just a couple more minutes here?    Mr. Foster. And I'd like to sort of return to the painful, you know, project parts of the question here. You know, the United States, you know, a few years back signed up for nine percent of what was then--please correct me if I'm wrong--you know, roughly a $12 billion U.S. project. Is that roughly the understanding what the initial time that we signed up for ITER? And now it is--we are now carrying nine percent of something that is several times larger.    You know, that has caused a lot of pain in the Department of Energy Office of Science budget, and so that's one of the reasons why, you know, we're--you know, we're seeing, you know, what the Senate has done in the last few--has proposed in the last few cycles.    And so I was wondering, you know, what--you know, what--let's say that the Senate wins, you know, every--for the last few budget cycles the House has been restoring money that the Senate cut, you know, for ITER. And so I imagine in those circumstances you must have at least been starting to do contingency planning to find--to understand if that is a fatal blow for the ITER project if this time through the Senate wins. Is that--what can you say about that? Is that unquestionably a fatal blow or do you think that if you lose nine percent of the funding to the project it will still--you know, that you'll still find ways to work around it?    Mr. Foster. I'm--I guess I am--I don't want to over-claim, but I think I'm probably the only Member of Congress that's designed and built a 100,000-ampere superconducting power transmission line, so I understand----    Mr. Foster. I understand--oh, I'm sorry, Ranking Member Grayson. My apologies. The--but this is--you know, I have massive respect for what you've accomplished on this superconductor front, you know, to get industrially produced superconductor on the scale needed.    On the other hand, when the United States signed up for the project, you know, the representation was made that this project was ready to go to an extent that in retrospect probably wasn't the case. And so this is, you know, one of the things that we have to understand is, you know, given this history of cost growth is this really it? Do we have a schedule and a budget that we can really plan around and understand? And that's--you know, that's one of the tough questions that we have to struggle with here.    Mr. Foster. You know, your predecessors also, I'm sure, were equally committed to understanding the project cost, I would hope. Anyway, I don't want to get too much into history, but, you know, we have to be conscious of things.    And another possible risk is that the United States will fulfill its bargains, and another country that you crucially depend on will decide it does not have the resources to commit. And how do we--how should we evaluate that risk as well?    Mr. Foster. That's fine. I'm happy if that's my last question. If I can get that answer, though, in.    Mr. Foster. All right. And I really thank you. And I want to be sure I don't be seen as coming off not supportive of this project. I just want to understand the dimensions of the cliff that we're playing near when we talk about the United States pulling out.    Thank you. I yield back.