    Mr. Rogers. Thank you Chairman Scott, Ranking Member Scott, and Members of this Subcommittee. I am pleased to update you on the CFTC's progress in achieving the G20's swap data reporting goals.    I am the Director of the CFTC's Office of Data and Technology and serve in the role of Chief Information Officer. In this capacity, I oversee the technology and data functions of the Commission.    As you know, increased data reporting was a key objective of the G20 agreement and Dodd-Frank.    The CFTC has made significant progress since 2008 where there was virtually no reporting of swaps positions or transactions. During the crisis, a lack of data made it difficult for regulators and market participants to assess the exposures and interconnectedness of major institutions.    Today, all swaps, whether cleared or uncleared, are reported to swaps data repositories. Public websites are providing price and volume information for individual swaps transactions in real-time. This facilitates efficient price discovery for all market participants, including end-users such as farmers, ranchers and commercial businesses of all types.    As a regulator, the CFTC's ability to oversee the swaps market has dramatically improved. But building this system is complicated and an ongoing task. It is time and resource intensive requiring constant updates and refinements as we understand the data better.    As a result, the Commission is working to ensure the data it receives is clean, consistent, accurate, and timely. It is collaborating with market participants to analyze exactly what data should be reported, how it should be reported, by whom, and when. And the agency is working with industry and other nations to harmonize and standardize our efforts.    One of the issues the CFTC is taking action to address is the variation in how the same data from different counterparties is reported. This causes problems when it comes to aggregating and analyzing this information. To address this issue, CFTC staff recently requested public comment on technical specifications for the reporting of 120 priority data elements. This followed months of work to identify areas where standardization or clarification is needed. From this feedback, the Commission will develop proposals that specify the form, manner, and allowable values that each data element may have. In fact, just this week the Commission held a public hearing of the CFTC's Technology Advisory Committee to discuss this issue among others.    The Commission is also working towards obtaining complete data. Some required fields are not reported by participants, and SDRs do not believe they have the authority to reject data if it is incomplete. CFTC Chairman Massad recently underscored his belief that the CFTC should change its rules so that SDRs have a greater ability to improve the quality of data before it arrives at the CFTC. Staff is looking closely at this possibility.    Further, the CFTC is working to develop a uniform, effective means to identify swaps and swap activity by participant, transaction, and product type throughout the swap lifecycle. And we are at the forefront to addressing all these issues internationally.    I am pleased to co-chair the international task force that is leading global harmonization efforts.    Finally, the Commission continues to fine tune its rules to clarify which entities have an obligation to report data and what data must be reported. It is paying particular attention to the needs of commercial market participants, ultimately working to eliminate reporting obligations that are not necessary.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Members of this Committee. Let me conclude by reiterating that this swap data reporting effort is a significant, global undertaking. Completing it properly will take time. But I believe the agency has made significant progress in just a few short years. Thank you again for inviting me. I welcome your thoughts and questions.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you for the question, Congressman. I would say that from a significant advancement perspective that at the Commission we have a view into the data that we did not have at the time of the financial crisis. And we are actually able to make use of the data that we get through the SDRs every day. Those purposes are to assess exposures for particular market participants overall but then also assess risk, financial risk, to firms and whatnot. So we actually analyzed the same data that is coming into the SDRs for those purposes.    Other purposes would be for the de minimis study, for example, that is currently ongoing. Or Made Available for Trading.    So, we have a variety of divisions performing market oversight functions or monitoring swap dealers or assessing financial risk that are all looking at data that we didn't have a view into before and are able to then do analysis, reach out to industry participants if there are questions that we have about the data and be more informed about what is happening in the marketplace. I think that is the most significant advancement that has been made. I would add that certainly there is lots of work that needs to be done, moving forward, in terms of improving the quality of data, but we actually are using the data on a daily basis.    One other thing that I would add is that we are trying to create clarity in terms of what data we would expect to see and how we would expect to see it. That was the purpose of the technical specifications document that was issued with the 120 fields. We believe with that clarity that the quality of data will improve, the quality of the data going into the SDRs will improve because people will know what to submit and when. That is the objectives of those efforts.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you for the question, Congressman. The guidance that is being issued through the CPMI-IOSCO initiative is truly guidance to the regulators on the standard ways to represent this information with the notion that the regulators that are participating in this activity will adopt that guidance and implement it in their jurisdictions. From a CFTC perspective, we would certainly expect to be implementing the guidance of this initiative.    Even at this point, we are looking at how that would be done. So there may be some aspects to the guidance that comes out that would not require a change to rules but probably would require some guidance from the Commission, and there may be some that would in fact require changes to rules.    So that is something that we would be looking at, and we would expect that other regulators that are a part of the process would be doing as well. That is actually something that we talk about when this committee gets together to discuss the implementation, and that is where a lot of coordination happens, both domestically and internationally in the work that we are doing, moving forward, to create that global harmonized standard.    Mr. Rogers. Yes. Thank you for the question, Congressman. I believe the work that we are doing internally with CPMI-IOSCO is geared towards in particular a set of fields that are necessary for aggregation and standardizing on that front. The work that we are doing at CFTC is fitting into that, but when we look at the data that we are asking for, we look at it from the perspective of the use cases that we have at the Commission. And it is based on the specifications that are intended to provide greater clarity for fields that are already being asked for but then there are also situations where there were new asks of data as it relates to that particular technical specifications document.    Mr. Rogers. Sure.    Mr. Rogers. I believe we do have access to the data that we need, but I do believe that there are refinements that need to be made in that data in terms of the quality of it, whether it is complete or whether it is accurate. And we are taking steps in that regard. There are circumstances where data has been identified, new data that would be required. But for the most part, I would say that we do have access to the data to perform quite a lot of the functions that we are required to perform.    The Chairman. Do you or does any other authority have a global view of the swap markets?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you for the question. I would say that at this point in time, no. We have a view into the data that we have jurisdiction over, and that gives us insight. And we would have to reach out then and get data that we would need in a broader context. It is an issue that is being worked on through the Financial Stability Board and CPMI-IOSCO. But at this time the mechanism that would be envisioned to have a single place where every jurisdiction could go to do that assessment is not in place at this time.    The Chairman. Why not?    Mr. Rogers. I believe it is a complicated matter that requires examination from a variety of different fronts. One of them would be the legal barriers, and in the United States we have just had the repeal of the indemnification provision. But in other jurisdictions, there are similar barriers to having that information being shared. Other laws, like privacy laws and things like that, there are governance and data protection things that would need to be worked out to make sure that the data that would be available is available in appropriate ways and protected properly and used properly. So those are just a couple of issues that would need to be addressed to stand up a regime like that.    The Chairman. As you work through that, it would be helpful for this Committee to have those recommendations, especially on how we protect people's privacy while at the same time making the data useful.    One more question: Within the confines of your recent appropriations, what work are you doing to improve the technological capabilities of the Commission to accept, process, and analyze swaps data from the SDRs?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you for the question, Congressman. We are working on a variety of fronts, starting from the technological layer. There are cycles to technologically refresh our environment. So as an example, our storage capacity is something that we are addressing this year. From a more data-oriented perspective, we are working very hard to provide specifications that will hopefully improve the quality of information but also working on the systems that are necessary to combine data from multiple swap data repositories in such a way that our staff, regardless of the divisions that are represented, can go to one place and do the analysis that they need to do to carry out the mission of the Commission. So quite a lot from both the technological front and from the data perspective.    The Chairman. I have one more question if I may, Mr. Scott, before I go to you. Ms. Kruse, it was mentioned the importance of using existing market conventions. What are those market conventions and what are we using instead of those conventions?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you for the question, Congressman. Let me provide a little context behind the recommendations that are coming out from the CPMI-IOSCO group. They are focusing, besides the UTI and the UPI, on 80 fields that are necessary for de-aggregation of data. Within those 80 fields, yes, the CFTC does plan to adopt the recommendations of the group. The needs though in terms of what the CFTC does with data actually is broader than the mandate of those 80 fields. And that is why we have in our technical specification that has come out 120 fields as an example actually covering three asset classes: credit, interest rates, and foreign exchange.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Right. So your answer is that you will heed the recommendations? Now let me give you this entrance ramp by asking you that if you do, do you envision that there will be changes needed to current rules and reporting requirements based on this work?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you for the question. I believe that there is certainly the possibility that that would exist. I don't know that I can say categorically, but I believe that that is in all likelihood a possibility. I think that for example in our Part 45 rules, there are very specific appendices in the back of that, and there might be adjustments that are needed to that. But there could be adjustments in other areas.    One of the things that we are looking at from a Commission standpoint is the potential for changes to our rules based on information that we know now. But also, I could envision that changes would be required as it relates to that work that is being done by CPMI and IOSCO.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Okay. Let me ask each of you to comment, if you could. The data quality in ISDA swaps data repository is high, very high. There is a high bar for data to make it into the swap data repository and many validations are in place to ensure data quality. All of the SDRs have been working together to present data in the most efficient manner. And the suggested path forward is to allow the SDRs to work with the CFTC. And I have been assured that this is a very achievable goal. Yet, there is still talk about improving the quality of the data. So my question is, what is the best path forward to improve that data quality? Mr. Rogers?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you for the question. I think that from the CFTC's perspective, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, I believe that in some cases the swaps data repositories don't feel that they are empowered to reject data. If we provide greater clarity on: first, that they can; and second, just what the criteria would be for validation, whether it is making sure that data that is not supplied is now supplied or more complicated things around data quality, that will substantially improve the quality of the data coming to the Commission. And so that is a priority focus of ours.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. LaMalfa?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you for the question, Congressman. Yes, I would say that the data that is being asked for is being looked at in terms of the implications for the use by the Commission and on the marketplace in general. We have focused on in fact in our technical specifications existing standards, existing practices and look forward to feedback on exactly what we are asking for and how that fits into the framework that already exists with the notion of trying to ensure that we are able to accomplish our regulatory mission but also trying to not be overly burdensome to industry.    Mr. Rogers. May I add something? Yes?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you both. So I wouldn't say that without question we are looking at how the global standards align with the things that we are asking for. And a real good example of that is the UPI data element. We have been having conversations with industry for a long time about the unique product identification and how to represent that, and we are specifically asked, ``Please don't create something at the Commission that would then be overtaken by an international standard.'' And it is for that reason that that is an element that hasn't been brought into the conversation.    We work very hard to align what we are doing domestically with what is being done internationally and do try to leverage international standards. Having said that, we have gotten feedback at our TAC meeting this week that some of the things that we were asking for in our technical specification did represent more things than we were asking for and heard very clearly that the recommendation was focus on making the elements that we already have better before asking for new elements. And that is something that we will absolutely take into consideration as we contemplate the comments that we have gotten or will be getting as a result of this----    Mr. Rogers. Thank you for the question, Congressman. I know that SEC and CFTC from a mission policy setting direction do coordinate their activities that they have going on within their particular purviews. I can also say that the SEC does participate in the CPMI-IOSCO initiative, and that is a means of collaboration between our organizations at the very specific data level. Of course, it is up to the particular jurisdictions to adopt the recommendations that are coming out of this initiative. But we would expect that everyone would be adopting it. So there is coordination at the very specific data level, but there is also coordination at the policy level.