    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good to see you there leading us in this Committee now. There are several things that confuse me, Mr. Graber, as we have been starting this. One, it is interesting you have been asked several times about, you know, the chain of command, and where the orders come from, and how did this get in here. Let me make sure. The DOJ, you all actually negotiated these settlements, correct?    Mr. Collins. Okay. Well, I am glad we are at least starting on this foundational level here. So somebody had to know something that was going on on the direction of these settlements, correct? I am beginning to believe, and judging by what you had said earlier, it was like there was a group. It is almost like maybe we will walk down the hall of the DOJ and say, hey, we are going to a settlement discussion, who wants to throw in some information. Somebody had to have been giving some direction here, and to be honest, your answers are not clear.    Let us just start here. The JPMorgan settlement did not have the mandatory donation provision, correct?    Mr. Collins. Okay. But yet Citi and Bank of America did, correct?    Mr. Collins. Let me ask you this. Why did you decide to depart from the previous precedent or precedents of previous agreements that came under the Bush Administration that provided that only money left over after all consumer injury had been redressed could go to third party groups?    Mr. Collins. Previous precedent was that only money left over after all injury or redress was there could that be then redressed to a third party group. Who made the change in that decision, or is this another group decision that really nobody knows?    Mr. Collins. So where did it come from? Was it just a kumbaya moment in the negotiations? And I am not trying to be funny here, but, I mean, I have sat through negotiations. I am attorney. I have sat through many negotiations. You have sat through many negotiations. At some point in time something had to give here. Something had to be interjected into the process to say, hey, here is a good idea, or, hey, here is a bad idea. Where did that come from?    Mr. Collins. Did Department of Justice bring this up, did HUD bring this up, or did the banks bring this up? How did it get brought up?    Mr. Collins. Mr. Graber, look, I have a minute 40 left in my conversation here.    Mr. Collins. I have a little over a minute left, a minute and a half. We are not going to run the ball out here. At this point in time, someone at the table, because it was not the JPMorgan. Somebody at the table, either DOJ, HUD, this wonderfully amorphous group that you keep talking about, somebody ought to say, well, let us put a minimum in here or let us send these to third parties. Was that DOJ's idea? Was it HUD's idea? Where did it come from? And I am going to stop right here. If you tell me about this amorphous group, everybody having a good idea again, then just say I do not know. I am giving you a chance.    Mr. Collins. Thank you.    Mr. Collins. And if was your idea, take credit for it. I mean, this is amazing. Let us go about it real quickly, 47 seconds left. I want to switch. The monitoring process you talked about, it only deals with the banks, okay? And we talk about the banks, making sure that they live up to their agreements and their end of this. DOJ does not have any monitors in place to ensure that if these monies go to intended groups that they are actually using it for the purposes stated. Is that not a concern of DOJ in making these agreements, that they would go to third party groups, but your monitors only monitor the bank that they gave them the money, no that the intended result was going to happen.    Mr. Collins. But that was not your earlier testimony. Your earlier testimony was that the monitors were to monitor the banks, that the money went to where it was supposed to go, and they would do the audit to make sure they got the money so they could get properly credited in that process. And also any research that we have done is that there is no DOJ monitoring to do that for the third party groups.    Mr. Collins. But, again, that is contradictory to some of your testimony. With that, Mr. Chairman, there are many, many questions here left to go. But with that, I yield back.