    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to all of our panelists for coming and testifying before this Committee. Mr. Gerstenmaier, I appreciate your long and distinguished service at NASA going back to negotiating with the Russians on the Mir program and other things in the '90s, and that's really where I'd like to start today. When you think about right now, given the recent accidents that we've gone through, we are seeing how important our reliance is on things like the Russian Progress cargo spacecraft and of course the Russian Soyuz crew spacecraft. Given how the relationship has changed between the United States and Russia, and we've even heard that, you know, the Russians have talked about pulling out of the International Space Station, what is your judgment on how this relation can go forward? How is it going on the civil space side given the strained relations in other areas? Can you share with us your opinion on that?    Mr. Bridenstine. How confident are you that they will continue the partnership beyond 2020?    Mr. Bridenstine. Mr. Elbon, we have heard the IG has a report indicating that the operations of the ISS are going to become more difficult because of the ability to take replacement parts to the International Space Station. Recently Boeing had a report that might not have contradicted but dealt with some of those issues. Can you share with us the Boeing position? They were suggesting that beyond 2020, things get really difficult. I think your report suggested 2028. Can you share with us how you're dealing with those issues?    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you. Thank you for that testimony. Mr. Gerstenmaier, I appreciated Mr. Posey's question about, you know, what comes next after the ISS? Clearly whether it's 2020, 2028, we could lose partners. We don't know when we might lose certain partners. We have to think about what comes next in LEO. And I would like to just follow up with that. Can NASA provide a report to Congress on its plans for a roadmap or a timeline for certifying and testing, you know, a post-ISS station in LEO? And I understand this question was about commercial and things like that, and certainly, that's of interest as well. But it would have to be tested and certified, and NASA would have to be involved, is that correct? Can you provide a timeline to Congress for that?    Mr. Bridenstine. Roger that. I yield back.