    Mr. Stanford. Thank you, Chairman. Okay. I guess first question would be on housing so I am going to come to you. Andres Duany is a land planner/architect. He has done some interesting thing in this movement called new urbanism, and its basic premise is, ``Much of our zoning is based on the industrial age and revolution. We are going to put the factory over here and the houses over here and we separate everything.'' And yet that is not how our country developed, right? If you look at places like Charleston or Savannah, it was all sort of thrown in there together and oftentimes you lived above where you worked.    And why do we not go a bit more back to that? You had a granny flat in the back. Grandmom came to live in the back. When grandmom died you could rent the house, the little unit out. And this idea of mixed use. Are there two municipalities out there that from the standpoint of code, because much of it is driven by zoning, the government dictates in essence higher pricing on housing? Are there two municipalities that you would recommend for me to do further study on places that have got it right in your view?    Mr. Stanford. The bottom line is Bradenton is----    Mr. Stanford. Okay. How about the micro homes? You know, it is an RV, it is a trailer, but no, it is a home. I love the concept. I love, you know, the idea of smaller is better. Is there a municipality that has it right with regard to micro homes and----    Mr. Stanford. Okay. Going over to the world of education. When I wore a different hat in South Carolina, I dealt with the happy index extensively and the point, the phenomenon that you have pointed out, which is the proportionate raise in tuition based on the amount of new money we seem to put in at State level. Is there a State in your view that has it most right with regards to terms trying to correlate inflation with the pricing of their higher education system?    Mr. Stanford. I see I have 6 seconds. I would love to ask a question but I do not think that is permitted. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.