    Ms. Smith. Thank you, Chairwoman Lummis, Ranking Member Lawrence and other members of the committee. Thank you for the invitation to speak at this hearing.    I am Anne Smith of NERA Economic Consulting. My testimony today is my own and does not represent the position of my company or any of my clients.    This hearing is about the impacts of EPA regulations. I will address some insights and issues about the comparisons of the benefits and the costs of two major regulations EPA is presently proposing.    The first, the Clean Power Plan, is to reduce electricity sector emissions of carbon dioxide. The other is a tightening of the ozone national ambient air quality standard, NAAQS.    My colleague to my left, Dr. Harrison, will be testifying on high costs of these regulations and analyses we have done together at NERA. I agree with all that he will have to say.    I am going to focus on EPA's own estimates of the benefits of these two rules and how they compare to costs. For these comparisons, I will only use EPA's own lower cost estimates.    My bottom line is that EPA's analyses of both rules offer a far weaker case that the benefits of those rules will exceed their costs than one would believe from listening to EPA's press releases or reading the regulatory impact analyses.    First, for the Clean Power Plan, EPA's comparisons of the costs and benefits of the CPP falsely suggest that climate benefits will exceed costs during the period of implementation, 2020 to 2030.    When correctly presented, EPA's own estimates reveal that it finds the CPP will cost more than $180 billion by 2030, in present value terms and that the present value of its cumulative climate benefits are not expected to exceed that $180 billion of cost until more than 100 years later.    Furthermore, EPA's estimates of those climate benefits are global benefits, all countries of the world and the benefits to the U.S., including future U.S. generations, not just current U.S. generations, are not expected to exceed that rule's costs, even under the most pessimistic projections of potential climate impacts that EPA is using in its regulatory impact analysis.    I will now turn to the proposed ozone NAAQS revision. At tightening of the current ozone NAAQS could be much more expensive than the proposed Clean Power Plan. Yet, for this rule, EPA does not estimate this rule's ozone-related benefits will exceed its costs, even using EPA's own cost estimates.    How then can EPA claim that the benefits of the ozone NAAQS will ``outweigh it's cost by as much as three to one?'' The answer is, they pad the benefits estimates with so-called co-benefits. Co-benefits are estimates of benefits based on projections of coincidental changes in a completely different pollutant than ozone, a completely different pollutant than the target of the regulation.    These are coincidental reductions projected to occur in fine particulate matter, PM2.5, which are the subject of their own regulatory coverage under NAAQS.    EPA has a long tradition of making rules appear to have benefits that exceed their costs by adding such massive doses of co-benefits from PM2.5. In fact, these co-benefits also appear in the benefit cost analysis for the CPP, the climate rule we are talking about.    The thousands of premature deaths and the hundreds of thousands of avoided asthma attacks that EPA has claimed for that climate rule are based on PM2.5 co-benefits. They have nothing to do with climate benefit estimates whatsoever.    I have written and testified previously on the problems with what I have called EPA's co-benefits habit. I reference the writing of that discussed in my written testimony.    To summarize briefly, even the Administrator s Statements about the health benefits of PM2.5 imply that these co-benefits may not exist at all. That is because they are based on changes in PM2.5 concentrations that are already below the protected level of the PM2.5 ambient air quality standard.    But, even if they did exist, they should not be used to promote regulations that have nothing to do with PM2.5 such as these two EPA proposals I have talked about which are intended not to reduce PM2.5 but to deal with climate impacts and ozone exposures.    Using co-benefits in this way is a recipe for creating economically inefficient policies for managing those purported risks of PM2.5 while it also misleads the public on the need for more costly regulations of these other two pollutants.    Thank you very much for your attention. I will answer questions later if you are interested.    Ms. Smith. The benefits for reduction in climate change risks in that rule are projected out to 2300. We are looking at a present value of damages.    Ms. Smith. So 2300, 300 years from now, a little less than 300 years from 2030 when the rule is fully implemented. The damages are really out far in the future, the projected damages that are part of those benefit estimates for that rule.    The timing of the benefits is way different than the timing of the costs. We see about a 100-year to 125-year payback period before the costs that have to be spent through 2030 might be paid back in any kind of expected value of climate benefits.    Ms. Smith. I think it was about a .06 degree change in global temperature against a projected change of several degrees.    Ms. Smith. I have to be clear, I don't really remember the number but it was very small.    Ms. Smith. Thank you. You remember better than I do.    Ms. Smith. It is simply not very meaningful if that is the amount of change anyone is projecting. Yet the benefits being attributed to this one rule are deriving benefits off these tiny, tiny changes.    If climate change is going to be changed in any way, very much larger increments in emissions reductions need to occur in order to get very much larger changes in temperature. That one rule does nothing. Yet benefits are being attributed to it.    The only way to get the benefits is to do far more. That rule cannot do it.