    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, witnesses, for joining us today.    As you have just heard, we are at a critical junction for U.S. foreign policy in Asia. And I look forward to hearing how the United States can advance our security interests, our quality of life and our human rights, and promote human rights and democracy in the region.    With the ongoing negotiations on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, there is no better time to have an open and frank discussion about U.S. priorities in Asia. I believe that the United States can play a key positive role in Asia by promoting universal ideals of human rights.    Cambodia, a country with a long and bumpy and often winding road to democracy, can benefit greatly from the United States' assistance in building democratic institutions. In Vietnam, an autocratic, authoritarian regime must be made to improve its human rights record.    I would also like to highlight the challenges posed to the United States' security interest by the<greek-l>, quote, deg. ``threat multiplier of climate change and rising sea levels, which will disproportionately affect over 1 billion people who live along the coast in this region, many of whom depend upon the rivers, the estuaries, and the oceans for their livelihood.''    As the United States seeks to build international consensus to limit carbon emissions, we must also work with countries in the region to prepare for an already changing climate.    Thank you, Mr. Chair. And I yield back.    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher, for allowing me to jump forward. I really appreciate that.    I, along with Chris Van Hollen, Congressman Van Hollen, Congressman Peters, and more than 50 of our House colleagues sent a letter supporting the President's Green Climate Fund request of $500 million. This fund would be used to invest in resilient and low-emission development in East Asia and around the world, Mr. Chairman. I would like to, Mr. Chairman, enter that letter into the record, if I may.    Mr. Lowenthal. What I would like to ask Mr. Russel and, also, Mr. Stivers, if he wants to, is: How do you see the international Green Climate Fund helping to invest in sustainable development in East Asia that will result in what the Department of Defense calls reducing the threat multiplier of climate change? How do you see this helping? And how else is U.S. foreign assistance supporting Asian and Pacific nations' efforts to deal with climate change?    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you.    I don't know if I am going to get a chance to have you answer this, but I just want to put it out on the record.    This year marks 20 years since the United States normalized relations with Vietnam. We have increased in recent years our engagement with Vietnam on trade and the TPP negotiations, as well as shared security interests.    My question is: Has the United States' engagement and assistance to Vietnam further respect--has it furthered respect for human rights and dignity?    I personally believe Vietnam has done little to improve its human rights record in recent years and continues to jail those who have spoken out. Bloggers, labor activists, religious leaders, all have been imprisoned.    And talking about labor, you mentioned, Mr. Russel, about improvement in labor relations. Well, Vietnam has one union, the Communist Party, and denies all other unions the ability to exist. It still does.    How is the TPP going to help that?