    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    At the end of the classic movie, ``Casablanca,'' an inspector issues an order to round up the usual suspects, and every time my friends on the other side of the aisle have a horrific act that's done or alleged to be done by one of their allies, they issue a similar order to round up the usual excuses. We've heard them all here today: Don't believe your eyes and your ears and what you hear on the video; look somewhere else. And for goodness sake, don't focus on this horrific act when you could be focusing on some other horrific act that people we don't like might have committed. This is just political theater. Somehow or the other, if you are sensitive and don't like the fact that an unborn child is torn apart limb by limb, you really don't talk about that. You have some kind of massive attack on women in general. And don't look at the horrific act that this group might have done because, after all, they might have done other good acts that weren't horrific. And excuses go on and on.    And the reality is there is simply no point. There's nothing that our friends on the other side of the aisle would look at this organization and say, we might like you, but that's just too far, and we can't condone that.    And, Mr. Chairman, I would like to now show a video, since this seems to be the day of the video. If we could roll that.    Mr. Forbes. Now, Mr. Chairman, we've heard a lot today about editing the videos. There's no evidence, Ms. Fredrickson, I think that you have it all, that this video has been edited or anything has been add to it. So the procedures that were discussed in there of crushing an unborn child in more than one place--an unborn child, by the way, that has a heart, a lung, and a liver that's so well developed that Planned Parenthood would want to save the heart, the lung, and the liver, but would not want to save the life that created. Just one simple question, is that procedure too brutal for you?    Mr. Forbes. No, ma'am. You could do what you want if you don't want to answer the question, but you are not going to let the clock run on me. Yes or no, is it too brutal?    Mr. Forbes. That may be, but I've got 5 minutes. You can answer it or not. Do you feel that procedure is too brutal? And I understand if you don't want to answer it, but can you say whether you feel it's too brutal or not? Yes or no?    Mr. Forbes. Is that procedure too brutal?    Mr. Forbes. Okay. Let me ask you this question: If you had a small dog, and you had to put that dog to sleep, would you think it would be too brutal for the veterinarian to crush that dog in two different places?    Mr. Forbes. Let the record show that Ms. Fredrickson would not answer the question.    Dr. Levatino, is that too brutal?    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, just for the record, you know, the point that I think disturbs so many of us is the exact response we heard from Ms. Fredrickson. They won't say that any procedure is too far or not enough or is too brutal, and that's the purpose of these hearings because there's a big difference between saying there may not be a law to protect against something that may not be illegal and to say there was no wrongdoing done because I think what we heard on that tape was wrongdoing.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Forbes. No.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Forbes. Parliamentary inquiry, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, as I understand, this is a motion to----    Mr. Forbes. I'll ask a ruling from the Chair and take time to ask for the Parliamentarian.    Mr. Forbes. The Chairman can consider that.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to ask if this was a motion to strike testimony of a witness or a video, and if we had such a motion because I don't recall ever having one in this Committee where we were striking testimony of witnesses that had been made in here.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, this is regular order to have a parliamentary inquiry--    Mr. Forbes. Yes, sir, Mr. Chairman. I'll wait until they be quiet, then I'll state my parliamentary procedure once they have gotten quiet.    Mr. Forbes. Okay. They are finally quiet.    Mr. Chairman, have we had a procedure before under our parliamentary rules to strike evidence of a witness because I don't ever remember one taking place in this Committee?    Mr. Forbes. Okay. All right.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, I make a motion that the video that's part of Mr. Levatino's testimony, that was previously stricken from the record, be made part of the record.