    Ms. White. Thank you. Chairman Crenshaw, Ranking Member Serrano, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify in support of the President's fiscal year 2017 budget for the Securities and Exchange Commission. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss with you why the funding of the agency at a level of $1.781 billion is critically needed to enable the agency to fulfill its important responsibilities to investors, our markets, and companies seeking to raise capital to fuel innovation and economic growth.    The SEC has made great strides in recent years to strengthen its operations and programs, adopting strong measures, and bringing important enforcement actions to protect investors and our markets. We do not want this progress to stall, because we fall short in the funding necessary to maintain our positive trajectory in fulfilling our mission.    On the rulemaking and policy fronts, we finished our JOBS Act mandates in 2015 with the adoption of both Regulation A Plus and Regulation Crowdfunding, and are nearing completion of all of our Dodd-Frank mandates. We also advanced other key rules and comprehensive initiatives in mission-critical areas. Beyond the specific rulemakings, the SEC has, for example, continued its review of equity and fixed income market structure issues, advanced its disclosure effectiveness review to improve the public company disclosure regime for investors and companies, and undertaken the modernization and enhancement of our regulatory regime for asset managers.    The Commission also continued in 2015 to hold securities law violators accountable in record numbers, with record recovery orders, in all market strata, and in a number of cutting edge, first-of-their-kind enforcement cases.    Systemic enhancements in the SEC's national examination program, including increased recruitment of industry experts, the augmentation of data analytics, and enhanced training have led to a more effective and efficient program. We are, throughout the agency, increasingly harnessing technology to better identify risks, uncover frauds, sift through large volumes of data, inform policy making, and streamline operations.    While these achievements clearly evidence a stronger and more efficient agency, significant work and challenges remain if we are to be successful in executing the SEC's broad mandates and responsibilities. Currently, the SEC is charged with overseeing approximately 27,000 market participants, as well as 18 national securities exchanges, the PCAOB, FINRA, the MSRB, SIPC, and the FASB. In addition, the SEC is responsible for selectively reviewing the disclosures and financial statements of over 9,100 reporting companies.    Since 2001, the markets and registrants we oversee have grown exponentially in size and complexity, with the trading volume and the equity markets tripling--nearly tripling, to $70 trillion, and the assets under management of registered advisers more than tripling, from approximately $21.5 trillion to about $66.8 trillion. At the same time, as the ranking member alluded to, the annual budgets for I.T. alone, for some of our largest registrants, are reported to be up to $10 billion, more than five times the SEC's entire budget.    The SEC's responsibilities have also dramatically increased in recent years, with new duties or expanded jurisdiction over securities-based derivatives, hedge, and other private fund advisers, credit rating agencies, municipal advisors, and clearing agencies, in addition to the responsibility to implement and oversee an entirely new crowdfunding regime.    The SEC greatly appreciates the confidence that Congress and this subcommittee have placed in us in recent appropriation cycles, and we are seeking that support this year. The requested level for fiscal year 2017, which has been carefully thought through and targeted, will permit the agency to hire an additional 250 staff in critical core areas, and continue to improve our information technology. Specifically, the SEC's budget for 2017 seeks to increase examination coverage of investment advisors, where current funding enables the agency to examine only 10 percent of the approximately 12,000 registered investment advisors; further leverage cutting edge technology; protect investors by expanding our enforcement program's investigative capacities, including in new, complex areas, and to strengthen our ability to successfully litigate against wrongdoers; further bolster the SEC's economic and risk analysis functions; and hire market and other experts to enable the SEC to fulfill its expanded rulemaking and oversight responsibilities. The funding we are seeking is imperative to protecting investors, and to meeting the challenges of today's markets and the SEC's expanded responsibilities.    As the Chairman alluded to, the SEC's funding is deficit-neutral, so that any amount appropriated to the agency will be offset by modest transaction fees, and therefore, will not impact the deficit or the funding available for other agencies. Our appropriation also does not count against the fiscal 2016, or fiscal year 2017 caps in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. I hope and believe that we have shown ourselves to be good stewards of the funds we have been appropriated, and we will continue to be.    So, I look forward to working with the subcommittee to provide the SEC with the resources it needs to fulfill its critical mission, and I thank you again for the support you have shown the agency. I would be happy to answer your questions.    Ms. White. I think you are referring to carryover balances, and I think we spoke about this last year. The SEC, unlike, a number of other Federal agencies have what are called no-year funds, so that we are allowed to carryover funds that we have not spent during the particular appropriations cycle. It allows for better financial planning and smarter hiring. You do not want to be rushed to hire the wrong experts, or enter into the wrong contracts because you have got an artificial deadline. In the last several years, the carryover balances have actually come down. Some of those balances are also attributable to de-obligating funds on completed contracts. So, again, that is good financial management.    We take into account those carryover balances when we make our request for the subsequent year. You cannot estimate precisely what you are going to have in a given year and it depends on when we get our appropriation as well. Obviously, if we get it late in the year then that puts more pressure on us to spend by the end of that year. But fortunately, because of the no-year funds, we are able to spend it smartly, wisely, and be good stewards of the funds that Congress appropriates for us.    Ms. White. Basically, what we try to do--and obviously, it makes a difference what our most pressing needs are in a given appropriations cycle. For example, last year and this year, one of our very high priorities is to try to increase the number of examiners we have to examine that investment advisor space we have talked about for at least our last two or three hearings, to strengthen enforcement.    We align the priorities we sought the funding for, and then make separate judgments based on the reduced amount that we receive. We essentially allocated through a very thorough process those positions to best meet the priorities that were contained in our budget request.    So, a number of them went, indeed, to I.A., investment advisor examiners. A number went to Enforcement. A number obviously went to the Division of Economic and Risk Analysis. A number went to--I wish it was a bigger number, but a number also went to hiring more market experts, as we outlined, as well as to the extent that the money was available it went to continue the technology projects that are so critical to us.    You mentioned the reserve fund. We have used, at the SEC, the reserve fund set up by Dodd-Frank, as you indicated, for the long-term mission critical I.T. projects that are so essential to us. I think we had $25 million of that rescinded last year, so we had to deal with, less money than we really needed last year. But again, we try to do smart budgeting after we get our appropriation, as well as before, when we make our request.    Ms. White. Well, certainly, I would say that yes, and I have said before that I think DERA is one of the great success stories of the SEC. I very much appreciate the support that we have gotten through the appropriations process for DERA. It is also our fastest growing division. And they essentially, in addition to cost-benefit analysis on our rulemakings, also do what I would call substantive, original research on our rulemaking. They are able to do that, as not only we have gotten more positions, more economists, but have really built the infrastructure for them to be able to do their work.    So they get involved earlier in the rulemakings. You will see, often now, their own studies, their own original research is actually put into the public comment file and arena for people to comment on.    And so, that has really come a long way, and you cannot overstate its importance to the quality of our rulemaking. They also are, now, in the last couple of years at least--maybe a little longer than that, really--and increasingly so, integrated into the entire agency. They are the ones who primarily manage our big data, structured and unstructured, not only for themselves and their research, but for the other divisions to help them do their job much better.    They are also the ones that have really designed and conceived of and work with the other divisions on these data analytics that we have talked about throughout our budget requests and in prior hearings so that Enforcement and our exam staff is better able to identify high-risk areas. Where do we go to examine? Where is this suspicious activity that we need to go and look at more deeply? They are really doing, I think, fantastic work at the agency.    Ms. White. Unintended consequences, is something all the regulators must be focused on, at all times, and certainly, with respect to the enormous amount of rulemaking that has been done since the crisis that also applies. And all of the rulemakings we do at the SEC are looked at through that lens. I guess I would say two things about this.    Liquidity is enormously important to the functioning in our markets, our economy, and to growth. So, it is an enormously important set of issues, I would say, that all the regulators, certainly the SEC, are focused on. Determining whether you have a reduction in liquidity, to what extent, and if so, what the causes are, I think any economist will tell you, whether they are in DERA or they are elsewhere, is extraordinarily difficult. We have, for example, with our fellow banking regulators, and I think the CFTC, reported quarterly to the House of Financial Services Committee, on whether we can determine whether the Volcker Rule has had a negative impact on the corporate bond--the liquidity in the corporate bond markets.    And, thus far, clearly the conclusion is we cannot say that it has had an impact. So, it is enormously important to study and enormously important to try to figure it out, just what you are dealing with, looking for unintended consequences, if you find them. And if they are negative, doing something about them.    I did see--and I am glad to see the academic community getting into this issue. A fairly recent study that was presented, or is to be presented at one of our DERA conferences, I think a British Columbia study really looked precisely at this question of the combined regulations, but more specifically, even the impact of the Volcker Rule on liquidity.    That particular study determined that it has not had a negative impact on liquidity, and indeed, you see liquidity deteriorating right after the crisis, but you do not see blips up after regulators have been put into place. Obviously, there will be more studies coming forth, as there should be. So, it is enormously important to stay on top of.    Ms. White. Yes, no question about it. Obviously, you have other objectives you are trying to achieve as well that you are balancing from time to time with regulations with liquidity. But it is enormously important all the time to look at that.    Ms. White. Well, starting with the exam positions, I think we have requested 127, about, I think, 105 or 107 of those would actually go to that investor advisor space, which we have talked about before, where we have resources only to examine about 10 percent a year, which obviously creates a very significant investor protection issue. So, you know, that is what--primarily we would use those for.    We would also use the examiners in other spaces, as well such as our oversight responsibilities over the exchanges, the SROs and broker dealers. Enforcement: I cannot overstate the importance of strong enforcement, particularly in these markets as they get faster, more complex. We need market experts, and we need people who know how to use these data analytics and apply them smartly.    We are charging more individuals now in our Enforcement program, which I think is very important to stronger deterrence. That means, or at least, this would be my theory of why that means we have had more trials recently, so a dozen of those positions in Enforcement would be devoted to bolstering our litigation unit--our trial unit in the office.    And then, I think 24 of the positions really spread over DERA, Corporation Finance, Trading and Market, and Investment Management would be for market oversight, and just as our responsibilities are diverse and expansive, different ones of these hires would be used in order to be able to cover those responsibilities as best we can.    And so, if we were not to get these positions, you essentially would see a deterioration in every one of those priorities that we outlined in our budget request. We would be examining less, therefore subjecting investors to much more risk. We would not be enforcing as we should be. We could not try the cases that we need to try and prevail in, in order to send a strong deterrent message. We have new responsibilities under Dodd-Frank and the JOBS Act, and we have to oversee the new crowdfunding regime. We have examiners devoted to the Volcker Rule.    So, it is really spread out among, and I think smartly, the priorities and the responsibilities that we have. And if we were not to get the funding we need, we would clearly be compromising our mission, compromising the markets, and compromising investor protection.    Ms. White. Yes. I think the guidance update that you are referring to really is to make sure that investors are looking out for risks they may face--losses they may face that are due to market events. And obviously, and sadly and tragically, what is going on in Puerto Rico creates those, in some situations. So, it is really a prudent set of guidance for investors.    In terms of the SEC's role in the underlying crisis, beyond attending to investors and holdings in funds, which really the guidance goes to, we do not have a direct role in that, although as a member of FSOC, I clearly am in discussions about that with Secretary Lew and the FSOC members who are--and particularly Secretary Lew, as you know, is very, very focused on the core of that crisis. We also coordinate with our fellow financial regulators, just in terms of impacts and possible impacts not only on investors--direct investors, but in the broader markets.    Ms. White. I cannot comment on the specific report and the exchanges back and forth, but I can say what I have said before, which is that the staff of the SEC did provide substantial technical assistance to the Department of Labor, including bringing our perspective, the staff's perspective, and expertise on the broker-dealer model, including on, at least, their views about possible impacts as various permutations of a rule.    The Department of Labor also, in their notice and comment period, asked about those issues. Obviously, we have not seen the final rule yet, but I think--what I have also said about my own view for doing a fiduciary duty--uniform fiduciary duty in the SEC space is that it is not an easy task, and if we ended up at the end of the day really depriving particularly retail investors of reliable, reasonably priced advice, then I would consider us to have failed in our purpose.    But at the end of the day, we are independent agencies, and the Department of Labor does have responsibility for the very important ERISA space. And I think, perhaps, the particular exchange you are referring to occurred in maybe 2012. I cannot really add to what that meant or did not--I think that was on the prior proposal, though.    Ms. White. First, I think what Dodd-Frank did was to say--it mandated a study, which the staff did--it was a very good study--and gave the SEC the authority, if it decided to, to proceed with a uniform fiduciary duty for broker-dealers and investment advisers under Section 913 of that Act.    Again, the initial Department of Labor proposal was in 2010. They do have responsibility for the ERISA space, and even as we sit here today, there are--our broker-dealers which are subject to some Department of Labor regulations, and vice versa. So, I mean, there is a bit of overlap in those spaces before.    Ms. White. Without question, and I think I said, some time ago that my own view, after really extensive study--and the agency has been studying this for a lot of years, and I certainly spent a lot of time since I have been Chair; my conclusion is the SEC should proceed under 913 to do a uniform fiduciary duty for broker-dealers and investment advisers.    Ms. White. Well, you try to make them at least compatible, if you can. The coordination, obviously, with fellow regulators, where we have overlapping jurisdiction, is enormously important. We have it in the Title VII, over-the-counter derivative spaces, with not only the CFTC, but foreign regulators. But again, I want to be clear. I think this is very hard and not quick to do this well.    Ms. White. Again, we have not taken a position on the particular bill. I think we may have provided some technical assistance on it. I mean, look, there is no question--and this is true at the--certainly, true at the SEC, throughout the SEC, how important small businesses are, and that their different needs and different models be attended to very closely.    We have a small and emerging business advisory committee that I reinstituted shortly after I got to the Commission. We have in our Division of Corporation Finance an Office of Small Business Policy. They advise on all of our rulemakings, with the lens of small businesses, and comment on that. I think they responded to maybe 1,700 separate inquiries from small businesses, you know, last year.    So, we are extraordinarily focused on that, with a lot of expertise. In terms of having a small business advocate, the thing that I would worry about with that--because it is certainly good in concept; I think we all agree that we want to do everything we can for small businesses--is not to fragment the efforts that are carried out on behalf of small businesses, and certainly, that is true at the SEC. And we really have that concentrated, in a way, where there is a lot of expertise and a lot of work that goes on regarding small businesses. So, however the bill might develop, I would not want to lose that.    Ms. White. I am aware of the study. I have actually read it quickly. I have not read it with the care that I will in the next week or two. This is an area that I think is enormously important, because whether it is a broker-dealer or it is an investment advisor, if they are not serving their clients honestly, fairly, and I would say, in the best interests of the client, that is a big problem.    And one of the things that we have done at the SEC in particular--this is long before the study, is that we have a broker-dealer task force. And we have, in our OCIE exam area, a priority to really look for these repeat offenders, and frankly, look very closely at the firms where they tend to end up again.    In other words, I think one of the things the study referenced was not only do you have problems in the past with some of these advisors--and I think they are brokers. I think the study is on brokers, really. But they show up again at another firm, and they show up again at another firm.    So, our focus has been--FINRA tends to deal with registered representatives individually--not always, but certainly to a great degree. But we are really focused on the firms--where they seem to be residing.    We have one particular initiative, where we are looking at churning by brokers throughout various firms in order to try to crack down on that. So, it is an enormously important area.    Ms. White. Some of it is resources. You cannot get away from that. I mean, you cannot get away from that, because in the broker-dealer space--we have been talking about the investment advisor space--but in the broker-dealer space, FINRA does today about 80 percent of the examinations of broker-dealers.    That is really firms and individual brokers. But that does not really take into account all their various offices--branch offices, which are not examined with that kind of frequency. They do about 50 percent a year, which is better than 10 percent a year, in the investment advisory space.    But I think we cannot do enough. I mean, I think our techniques are better. I think our data analytics are better. We are identifying those patterns. And as I said, for the last two or three years, at least, we have been very focused on this at the SEC, really trying to identify where those brokers are going and getting them out of the industry.    Ms. White. Yes. I would call Keith Higgins who is the Director of our Division of Corporation Finance.    Ms. White. Well, I think there is no question, certainly, at least since Section 913 of Dodd-Frank was passed, that the SEC has the authority--not the mandate, but the authority--to impose a uniform fiduciary duty on broker-dealers and investment advisors. It also provides certain parameters if the Commission decides to go forward.    And again, as I am urged to say more often than I do, I am one member of the Commission, even though the Chair--and so, this is a Commission decision. But, I believe the SEC should exercise that authority to go forward.    But that is, again, not a quick and easy process. And it is not up to me alone as to whether or what the parameters of that rulemaking would be, although 913 sets some parameters. Were we to go forward--in terms of your question on consistency--assuming that there was a Department of Labor rule that preceded ours that overlapped, we would continue to talk about coordination and making our rules and the regime as compatible as possible. But they are not--they do not always land identically. And that is something that is--you try to make them land identically, if you can. But we are separate agencies with separate statutory mandates.    Ms. White. For us? I cannot say that----    Ms. White. I cannot give you a time frame, other than to say again what I have said before, that it is complicated and not fast by any means. And where it stands right now is essentially that the--you know, the staff's parameters of recommendation are being discussed with my fellow commissioners.    Ms. White. Again, they have some enforcement authority on their own. I mean, our enforcement authority is under the Federal securities laws. So we do not enforce the Labor Department rules per se. Obviously, again, the conduct can overlap with our jurisdiction. So it is not, as easy a situation as maybe my initial response would imply. But we enforce the Federal securities laws and our rules.    Ms. White. And I think that is why we try, in all of our spaces where we overlap, and it is not just the Department of Labor, to be as consistent as we can. I will say again, though, that we have had parallel rules and do have parallel rules now that are not totally consistent. And we do our best to give guidance and clarity. But they are not identical and they do overlap.    Ms. White. The budget request will help. I think there is no question that the SEC is a significantly under-resourced agency, despite the increases--which we are very appreciative of, that we have gotten in the last few years--to do the job we have been given to do.    I would say that unequivocally, even before we were given the additional responsibilities under Dodd-Frank and the JOBS Act. And your reference to the private fund advisors, which includes hedge fund advisors and municipal advisors, and the securities-based swap dealers who will be registered and come online; those are all add-ons, to our responsibilities.    And so, there is in our request this year a request for, really, limited positions for those that will come online. But clearly, there will be a gap there. What do we do about that? And we try to make as smart a use of the resources that we have. I certainly come in and try to be as eloquent as I can, for more resources, so I can do the job.    But we try to do more risk-based identification of where to go. We do desk reviews of data. When we got the private fund advisors, initially we did presence exams, which were more limited exams. But at least we had our arms around and a boot or two on the ground. But in order to carry out our investor protection mission, we need significantly more resources in all those spaces.    Ms. White. Yes, the markets we have to police are getting smarter, more complex, bigger, faster all the time. One of the ways that we try to meet that challenge is through smarter use of the data analytics that we have been talking about. We have a software tool, for example, called Artemis that actually was developed in-house, that basically allows us to identify insider trading--suspicious patterns, at least--among traders. You do not have to wait for an event and then look behind that and see who traded.    But it is also a budget issue. I am very proud of the record in enforcement. I mean, not just the numbers, which I think are very impressive, but the kinds of cases and how complex they are. But if you think about, where is the value-add when you are thinking about how much to fund an agency, enforcement alone last year obtained orders for returning $4.2 billion. Our request here is $1.7 billion. And think of all the other value-add that the SEC provides.    So, what are we seeing in terms of trends beyond just more and more complex? I think the complex financial instruments area is one, which clearly requires market experts. Again, we seek those in our budget request. More data analytics to analyze and identify those pyramid schemes and financial reporting frauds, which is also a place for more market experts and more data analytics. When I said we thought out and tried to target our budget request--you will see, that is among who we have asked for.    Ms. White. Yes. First of all, I do not think there is any greater risk that the financial sector, and really beyond the financial sector, faces than cyber risks. And that is private sector, the government, our spaces as well.    In terms of disclosure by public companies, and obviously, we are just talking about public companies, the SEC did do guidance to companies some time ago, really alerting them to the range of issues that would require disclosure if there is an attack, or simply the risk, to their business. If that is material, they must disclose it. We look at the disclosures every year in our annual reviews.    But we also are focused with our fellow agencies and the private sector on this really much deeper, broader risk than the SEC's jurisdiction really reaches to. We pay a lot of attention with respect to our registrants. And again, our examiners have gone out really ahead of the curve, I think; and good for them in going out and looking for cyber preparedness at investment advisors and broker-dealers, and then publishing, obviously not by name and chapter, but really, publicizing observations to that population what to look for, how to enhance what your system is, what are the best practices out there. We continue to have that as an exam priority.    We also, in our Trading and Markets Division and Investment Management Division, meet with our registrants, talk to them all the time about preparedness for the cyber-attacks that are going to come and how to report, and whether to report. But a lot of this has to go on a broader scale than even where the SEC can function. And it has got to be private sector, government, Department of Homeland Security, the Treasury Department. And we are very active in those inter-agency groups as well.    Ms. White. Well, the SEC does have oversight responsibilities over FINRA as an SRO. And we exercise that authority, including exam authority. But it is a membership organization, basically. I think you are talking about the 15b9 proposal, I think.    Ms. White. Yes. The 15b9. Yes. And I think that is one where it is a proposal, and we are in the comment period now. And so, we will certainly be considering all those comments very carefully and including the costs as well. And so, FINRA, many, if not most, if not nearly all of their rules have to be approved by the SEC. So that is a check. That is a safeguard, too.    Ms. White. One of the things that has been a focus since I have arrived as Chair of the SEC in 2013, is that I think we do need to enhance the oversight that we do at the SEC. Obviously, Congress has its, you know, separate responsibilities.    One of the things that we are trying to do in order to get greater coverage of these investment advisors I keep talking about, in terms of examinations, is also very soon to actually transition some of our broker-dealer resources to the investment advisor space. And that is because, in part, FINRA really does 80 percent of those broker examinations. But that means that we need to up our oversight over FINRA, if that is the move that we are going to make. And I think just in general, we are looking to enhance our oversight as well.    Ms. White. Well, we have gotten a lot of comments on this aspect of the rule. And we are studying them very carefully. We will proceed, obviously. We do not hesitate, if it is called for, to re-propose something if that seems to make sense. I am not suggesting we are at that juncture now, but we are certainly seriously studying the range of the issues that have been brought to our attention and that we are aware of, from our own work.    Ms. White. I think there is no more important an issue--I mean, we have to be able to regulate, but we also have to give the requisite assurances that can be given that we will be able to safeguard that very sensitive information. I think this particular budget request, just to bring it back to the budget for a second, requests $14.7 million to enhance our internal security system. And this is really coming up with us in a number of places, but including our proposals in the asset management space, where we are asking for additional information.    And one of the issues we are dealing with there is not only making sure we are enhancing our systems, which we are very, very focused on, but also how much can we say about how we are enhancing in order to give assurance and a confidence level. I mean, it is a bit of a balance, because you do not want to be too detailed about that, or you are giving a roadmap, right? So, that is one of the things. But I think we need to be able to get ourselves to a place where we can say more than we may have in the past about that.    Ms. White. I think there are at least two spaces to talk about there. One is within the industry in the private sector and our registrants and there, we, together with a number of our other financial regulators under Section 342 of Dodd-Frank, have focused on our registrants, focusing on the diversity of their staffing, among other things. In terms of our own agency, we basically look in three areas--our own staffing that we have.    Obviously, I have mentioned the registrants. We also have a certain amount of--not huge amounts--but amounts that are meaningful of contracting dollars. And so, one of the things that our OMWI office really focuses on, and has made a lot of progress in, is to make sure that minority and women-owned businesses know how to, ask to get in the procurement process, in order to be able to at least bid for or compete for those contract dollars. And we have had a lot of success there. We have challenges at the SEC, certainly, with respect to the number of minorities and women in our most senior positions, and we are very focused on that in terms of taking specific measures.    We have seen some improvement there, but we remain very much focused on that. But I think it is a public and private sector set of issues, not easy ones to solve, but I think we have to remain very focused on them and I think we have to use all the tools at our disposal.    Ms. White. Budget? No, I mean, I do not mean to make light of this at all, because I do not, because I consider this enormously important. I think we are right now, at least at the SEC, kind of midstream in really seeing how some of our initiatives are working, some of our outreach is working. We have expanded----    Ms. White. Yes, and in recruitment, that is one of the areas where, again, I think we have really made great progress, and I forget the number of outreach events that we did this past year. But it exceeds 150 or something, and it is in the right places with the right people at them. And I think I would like to see how successful those initiatives are before I would suggest what might be helpful from Congress.    Ms. White. We have had, for the last 2 years, what is called our never-before examined initiative. And that really looks at registrants that have registered with us in the past 3 years, in order to ensure that we are at least covering that space.    We also do something as simple as this. It is a bit of a variant of our presence exam for the private fund advisors, which is to call up every registrant and just sort of say, Here are the rules. Here we are. We are present. Obviously, that is not boots on the ground. That is not a thorough exam. But it is more presence. And so, in every year we are devoting the resources we think are wise to making sure that we are at least covering as much of that space in one way or another as we can.    Ms. White. Where we pass on issues like that is in our Regulation A space and our more traditional role of reviewing filings to make sure that the right disclosures are given, basically.    Among the things that we are looking at in terms of small business and small business liquidity, is that we are doing--it begins I think in October--the tick size pilot you may have heard about to see what the data shows about increasing secondary liquidity for smaller businesses. We continue to look at venture exchanges as possibly a way--I mean, we have approved venture exchanges before, but look at different variations of venture exchanges to see whether we cannot increase liquidity for small businesses. The crowdfunding mechanism, which becomes effective in May, is also a way to raise money.    Obviously, you have got to attend, after you raise money to the liquidity that needs to follow for investors. But we really are spending an awful lot of time on that issue for small businesses.    Ms. White. It is possible, if we have that information. I will say that after our session last year, basically the staffs followed up with each other to try to identify precisely the space that you were intending for us to respond to. And we did respond as we thought the question was put. But I had a sense that there might be something else that we had not responded to.    Ms. White. Yes, absolutely. Absolutely.    Ms. White. That is an issue that we have in our Equity Market Structure Advisory Committee and four subcommittees including an NMS subcommittee. And among the issues that the committee looks at, our staff is looking at, are those governance questions. I cannot get ahead of that analysis to give a view until I have gotten the full input. But it is an issue that we are very focused on.    Ms. White. I think you want to basically look at the most meaningful metric. The mission of FSOC is to identify and address risks to the financial stability in the financial system that are found. One tool is obviously the designation tool.    Ms. White. That was largely, I think, it was before my time. But I think that is largely a size designation for them. But if you actually look at the number of designations certainly outside the banking context, there have not been that many, but I think your point is very well taken, nevertheless. I think FSOC is sensitive to that. Certainly I am, and I think other members are too, which is to be as transparent as one can be, in terms of the particular factors that may have driven a particular decision to designate.    Now, as I think we discussed before, that I think it is often a business model. So, it is not like you can kind of change this piece and you would not be considered under the analysis systemically important, but I think the more one can advise as to what those factors are. I mean, the idea is not to have the systemic risk in the system, right? And so, whatever tools or information FSOC and others can give to bring that about is what we should be doing.    Ms. White. Well, I think I did see that language. It has been a while since I looked at it, so I should put that caveat in. And there is increased engagement, certainly, between FSOC staff, and the companies that are being looked at. So there is an awful lot of dialogue back and forth. We have obviously had a number--not a big number--but a number of designations now, including non-banks where the reasoning is quite detailed, actually, publicly, and then even more detailed in what is provided to the companies.    And companies are clearly free at any time prior to designation to change their business model, and then they would be analyzed as they were presenting to FSOC as they were considering them as changed. And so, I would hope if that was realistic--again, a lot of these are so intertwined in terms of the factors that lead to designation that it is not a simple ``gee, if you were not doing that, or you did less of that you would not be systemically risky or you would not be systemically important.''    But I certainly think that exchange of information ought to occur. And I think more of it is occurring now, actually. We also have the off-ramp or the review anyway. It is not an off-ramp, but as I said, it is not called an off-ramp, but it is the annual review of each entity that is designated to determine whether or not they should remain designated.    So, if there have been changes since the designation, and frankly that occurs even if the company does not seek it. So, that is an automatic review. We have done that only for 2 years now. I think this is the second year. And I think it is getting more exacting and becoming a better process.    Ms. White. Yes, this one is, I mean, at least in some aspects. Again, the Commission has not taken a formal position on the bill. But I think I have discussed my views on at least aspects of this publicly, which is that I think that exemption was born in another time and a different situation, where you based the exemption from the Investment Company Act.    And the requirement was, I think in part, based on the theory that the government did not have the resources or the ability to travel to the territories, including Puerto Rico, to do what they needed to do. So, I think it is a loophole. I think it ought to be plugged.    Ms. White. It clearly is, you know, there is a significant resources component, right, of this? We talked about the $10 billion a year on the I.T. budget alone of some of our largest registrants. So there is no question about that, but it is also a matter of expertise and attracting that expertise and keeping that expertise at the government agencies.    And so, we are never going to be able to pay those experts as much as the private sector can pay them. But one of the heartening things that I have found since being at the SEC, particularly in the I.T. area and this applies to our economists as well, is how attracted they are--you have to pay them enough, which is a challenge--to coming to the SEC for public service, number one.    Number two is that they have access to data they find, particularly in the case of the economists, fascinating that they do not have outside because we, obviously, have access to some data that the public does not have. And so, you will see in our request, I say it over and over again how much more we are seeking out market experts and quants and other kinds of technical experts. But it is a real challenge. I mean, you are always playing catch up even with all the resources you can imagine, right? You must have the resources.    But it is also the talent and the people that both know how to use your tech systems but also to design them. I mentioned the Artemis software application, which has been tremendous. It has produced a number of important insider trading cases and was actually developed in-house. So it was not a big resources issue. It was a brain issue; right?    Ms. White. I spoke about this I think in late January where, basically, I share the concerns, at least some of the concerns that have been expressed. The SEC has a rule now and has for a number of years of requiring companies, if their nominating committees have a diversity policy to say what it is, how they use it, how they monitor it for effectiveness and so forth.    But there is also a fairly recent GAO study that shows how few companies have been disclosing anything in that space. The current SEC rule does not define diversity, and so one of the things that is urged is that we at least include in the definition of diversity race and gender and ethnicity, along with the other kinds of skill sets and experience that may figure into diversity when a nominating committee is deciding how to optimize their board.    And so, I have directed the Division of Corporation Finance to both look at the disclosures that have occurred over time with an eye to my concerns that we may need to provide more information to investors to make it useful, in terms of information about, gender and race and ethnicity.    There are a number of issues as there are with anything in this. What you do, for example, with board members who may not wish to have that disclosed. But I think it is something that--my personal view is we should proceed on it and I am quite focused on it both in terms of reaching that conclusion on my part and then, if so, to moving it along.    Ms. White. Thank you.    Ms. White. Quite a bit, and we have done quite a bit. I guess I would first say that I think what happened on August 24 was a--sort of unwelcome, mini-stress test. But I actually think that it showed the resilience of our critical market infrastructure.    I would take issue with saying it was a flash crash, sort of compounded by various kinds of errors. Having said that, however, clearly, it was a significant set of phenomena. The staff actually put out a research note on this in late last year. It was really very, very useful data and analytics.    We also have requested certain information from the exchanges and other participants on that day to see what measures should be taken to deal with some of the phenomenon that did occur. And among the issues obviously that are, under the microscope, so to speak, are the limit up/limit down rules that were put in after the flash crash in 2010. How do they operate? Market circuit breakers were actually not triggered but, clearly, limit ups/limit downs were particularly in certain ETFs, and you did have the phenomenon that you note in terms of underlying values departing from share value.    And so, there have been some adjustments already made, I think, in terms of the price collars and the size of the price collars. But there are other issues under consideration to try to make sure that the issues that did occur there, that really did not reflect fundamental values, at least fast enough of the stocks, the ETFs, are dealt with. And so I think you will see some measures taken in response to that. And we look at this all the time.    Our SCI rule that we talked about earlier is meant to increase the resiliency of our critical market infrastructures. When an incident does occur, it is reported to the SEC sooner rather than later so we can take action. So we are constantly dealing with issues like that, and with a great deal of seriousness. You want to optimize the markets, in terms of their functioning, as well as making sure they are reflecting fundamental value for investors and also serving the companies that seek to raise capital.