    Mr. Valadao. Thank you, Chairman.    Thank you, Dr. Ostroff, for making some time for us today.    A couple comments were made here by Congressmen Yoder and Rooney, and I want to associate myself with those comments, along with the predicate date line of questioning. It is something that I have also been following and am very concerned with as well.    My first question, though, is the FDA has devoted significant resources in the past few years towards rulemaking to update the nutrition facts panel and related food labeling requirements. However, FDA's regulations about nutrient content claims for food have not been updated since the early 1990s and are based on the dietary guidance and science that is now outdated.    For example, food such as pastries and pudding cups are now able to be labeled as healthy while foods such as nuts, avocadoes and salmon are not. I understand the FDA is currently considering a request to update the healthy nutrient content claim regulation and to reevaluate all its nutrient claim regulations.    Does the FDA intend to reevaluate the nutrient content claim regulations to ensure consistency with current federal dietary guidance?    And understanding the rulemaking process takes years, what are the FDA's plans in the upcoming year to ensure that food producers can make truthful statements about the healthfulness of their products without fearing FDA enforcement based on outdated nutrient content claim regulations?    Mr. Valadao. You found that yes a way to make it a little bit longer, did you not?    Mr. Valadao. So, no, that is obviously a big issue. My district farms quite a bit.    Mr. Valadao. And this has a huge implication obviously on health. When you look at people who are actually mindful of their eating habits, and looking for salmon, looking for nuts, looking for avocadoes are all things that you would think are very healthy.    Mr. Valadao. Thank you.    So as FDA contemplates recommendations to reduce sodium intake, I would like to emphasize the importance that all data and scientific research is considered before making decisions regarding sodium recommendations to the American public.    The National Academy of Medicine identified sodium as just one of just four nutrients in need of dietary reference intake review. Additionally, the agency continues to expend resources on sodium reduction when it regularly reports that it lacks the funds needed to focus on issues Congress has asked for it to work on, such as implementing the Food Safety Modernization Act.    Can you please comment on why the FDA continues to focus resources on sodium reduction while we have outdated DRI and the FDA lacks the funds to focus on the issues that are currently under Congressional mandate?    Mr. Valadao. And then I think I have got time for just one more.    As you know, FDA plans to pursue a cooperative agreement with the National Association of State Departments of Agriculture and State Agriculture Departments related to FSMA Produce Safety Rule. FDA says this agreement will provide funding and support necessary to determine the current foundation of state law, the resources needed by states to implement the Produce Safety Rule as well as help develop a time line for successful implementation.    What are the details of the state cooperative agreements?    Specifically, how will the FDA partner with states to enhance or enforce this partnership?    Mr. Valadao. Thank you.    Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Valadao. Thank you, Chairman, and I will be brief.    Thank you, Under Secretary and fellow guests.    Mr. Shea, I understand that some federal programs are administered by the USDA and APHIS through cooperative agreements directly with the counties in California. One of those programs is the Wildlife Services Program. I know that counties in California are under increasingly intense legal challenges and financial pressures.    Can you please explain how APHIS distributes funds to states like California for this program?    And I would also like to better understand how the cost share for Wildlife Services is split between APHIS and county cooperators in their cooperative agreements.    Mr. Valadao. Yes, and I apologize. Time is running short. I know we have got to go vote because they will cut us off.    But that is an important issue in some of our counties facing these legal challenges and fighting it out in court is something that we do need to address quickly.    I will see if I can come back and continue this conversation.    Thank you.    Mr. Valadao. Thank you, Chairman. And I'm back. So, took a second there. I apologize.    But the 2017 budget proposal Specialty Crops Program--Pest Programs to be funded at $146 million. However, the estimated 2016 budget is $164 million. Given that we are seeing an increase in fruit fly, HLB, Asian Citrus Psyllid (ACP) and other pest and disease outbreaks in specialty crops, this $18 million decrease in funding seems inadequate.    In California, Florida, Texas, and other citrus-producing states, ACP and the devastating disease HLB continue to spread.    Can you please give the committee a breakdown of what programs you anticipate will be cut, and what is your plan to continue to combat these pests and diseases while cutting the budget so dramatically?    Mr. Valadao. All right.    Mr. Valadao. And yeah, it was a little more just a statement of how important the program was. And some of our counties are facing lawsuits, and they continue to be sued. Some settled and actually came back to second round of lawsuits, and so it is something that we are obviously paying attention to. And I wanted to make sure that was on your radar, so thank you for that.    But back to that question if you don't mind.    Mr. Valadao. I'll be happy to yield a little bit of time if you want to add to that.    Mr. Valadao. No, I'm fine. I think my time is up, so----    Mr. Valadao. No, I'm good. Thanks.    Mr. Valadao. So Biotech is the next one for me. I'm hearing concerns about implementation of USDA's proposed rewrite of the biotech regulations. I understand the 30 day comment period was recently extended another 45 days. And I want to stress how important it is to ensure the department gets this done right. Many groups representing production and agriculture asked for the extension, because some of the concepts USDA is considering in its proposed alternatives appear to be significantly different from the way UDSA has regulated Biotech crops in the past.    For example, the new terms defined in the Notice of Intent (NOI) would bring under the scope of the USDA's regulations on products developed using newer breeding methods, as well as potentially including products like seedless watermelon, that have been safely consumed for years, or even breeding methods used in organic production. Can you assure this committee that you will carefully consider the potential negative impacts of any new proposals on the ability of our farmers to produce an adequate and wholesome economic food supply and compete in a world or a global marketplace? And that's basically a yes or no question.    Mr. Valadao. Thank you. What specific problem with the current regulation are you trying to address?    Mr. Valadao. Well, I've got follow ups. What specific problem with the current regulations are you trying to address, and how does your current thinking address this problem? Further, how will you ensure that it addresses the perceived problems without causing more? That's not a yes or no question.    Mr. Valadao. All right. And then the budget requests for Biotechnology Regulatory Services Program for Fiscal Year 2017 is less than a 1 percent increase. If the USDA intends to complete its update within this administration, does the request for a nominal increase provide any indication about how the USDA is thinking of changing the scope of regulation?    Mr. Valadao. All right.    Mr. Valadao. And Ms. Starmer, in 2009, you authored a report on Produce Safety. In the report, you recommended that policy makers must avoid taking a one size fits all approach to produce safety. Recommended practices and record keeping mechanisms must be adaptable to a range of farms and supply chains. As an employee of AMS, you work closely with the FDA in developing the FSMA regulations. How would you grade FDA's regulations in terms of providing flexibility for producers in different regions, of different sizes and different products?    Mr. Valadao. I think my time is up. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Valadao. Thank you, Chairman.    Thank you, Ms. Taylor and guests.    My first question has to do with dairy and Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Canada continues to contemplate dairy measures that would move us backwards on market access and choke off hundreds of millions of dollars in dairy exports. As we prepare to consider deepening trade ties with Canada and TPP, what are we doing to make sure that they are not simply taking with one hand what they promised to give with another?    Mr. Valadao. I would also like to thank Mr. Willis for the time you have taken meeting with me personally on some issues on crop insurance.    But on this issue of crop insurance, do you agree that during the period of 2011 to 2013, specialty crop insurance agents in California and other states received substantial reduction in the agent commissions as a result of inequities built in the cap and factor formula in the 2011 Standard Reinsurance Agreement (SRA)?    Mr. Valadao. I know we have spoken on this in the past. What I am hearing is from the agents that deal with the smallest of our farmers and the commission that they have been capped at, I know the numbers have increased overall, and when you spread it out and throw an average out there, you are including large with small.    But those who service the smallest farmers are the ones who seem to be hurting the most and the agents I am hearing from on a regular basis, and they have actually been in my office quite a bit.    So I appreciate the efforts you have made, and I hope to continue working with you on that.    Mr. Valadao. Then I also have a question on cotton, U.S. extra-long staple (ELS), I am more familiar with it as Pima. Given the current economic state of the U.S. cotton industry, including the ELS production concentrated in the Western United States, California, Arizona, and New Mexico and parts of Texas, we were asking for FSA officials to work with the U.S. cotton industry and specifically on the ELS or Pima industry to make the necessary changes to ELS cotton competitiveness program to ensure it operates, functions as intended.    This means the program will help keep U.S. ELS cotton competitive relative to ELS cotton produced in other countries by adding back the Egyptian ELS price quote that was previously removed.    It also is including the Chinese ELS price quote to reflect the significant production increases in that country.    If there are ongoing concerns by the FSA about the qualities of the cotton represented by these quotes, I encourage the FSA to work with the cotton industry to make the necessary price adjustments based on quality and any other adjustments based on location differentials.    Can you assure me that the FSA will work closely with our cotton industry to accomplish these important changes to make the ELS competitiveness program functional and effective once again?    Mr. Valadao. I appreciate that, but obviously the industry, those who grow the crops here in our district or our country play a role in this as well. So I would appreciate it if you would take some time to meet with those who are on the ground level of this, too.    Mr. Valadao. Thank you.