    Ms. Maatz. Good morning. On behalf of the more than 170,000 members--is that on? There we go.    Good morning.    On behalf of the more than 170,000 members, over 1,000 branches, and almost 900 colleges and university partners of the American Association of University Women, I thank you for inviting us to testify today. My remarks are informed by my 12 years with AAUW as well as my tenure as the executive director of Turning Point, a domestic violence program recognized for excellence by the Ohio Supreme Court; and also at Wittenberg University, where I was a hall director and ran a women's center that responded to incidents of sexual assault. I can personally attest to the fact that this is not a new problem.    When campus environments are hostile because of sexual harassment and violence, students can't learn. It is that simple and that devastating.    Schools have an important and necessary role to play in addressing this epidemic. Why? Because student rights to an education free of sex discrimination are on the line.    AAUW has long identified the need to end sexual harassment and violence on campuses. Our own research revealed that nearly two-thirds of college students experience sexual harassment.    Just this year, a national poll found one in five women said they had been sexually assaulted in college. This issue impacts both men and women and students from all walks of life at all types of schools.    Title IX and the Clery Act provide the very tools schools need to improve campus climates for everyone.    Passed in 1972, Title IX is a gender-neutral law that prohibits sex discrimination in federally funded education programs. The law requires schools to take steps to eliminate sexual harassment and violence, prevent their recurrence, and address their impacts on individual students and the entire campus. This includes evaluating current practices, publishing anti-discrimination policies, and implementing grievance procedures providing for a prompt and equitable resolution of complaints.    Schools must also provide accommodations to students, such as adjusting housing arrangements and class schedules and providing academic support--actions that schools are uniquely situated to provide.    All schools should have a Title IX coordinator to oversee these activities as well as monitor patterns and address systemic problems. It is important to note that these requirements are not new, but date back to the law's first regulations back in 1975. Since then, over the course of Republican and Democratic administrations, the Department of Education has continued to provide technical assistance and guidance that promotes compliance with the law.    Schools also follow a consumer protection law known as the Clery Act. It requires colleges and universities that participate in federal financial aid programs to disclose crime statistics and security information.    Originally passed in 1990, Congress updated the Clery Act in 2013 as part of a bipartisan reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. These updates require schools to report additional crime statistics on domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking, and provide ongoing sexual assault prevention and bystander intervention training campus-wide. This public report of a school's safety efforts is valuable to students and parents and provides insight to schools working to improve campus safety.    Title IX and the Clery Act are longstanding complementary laws that work together to ensure that students and schools have a clear course of action when sexual violence occurs. Appropriately, schools are not in the business of imposing criminal punishments. Those decisions are best left to authorities in charge of criminal investigation and prosecution if a survivor chooses to pursue that course.    The school's civil rights proceedings and any criminal investigation represent parallel yet equally necessary paths. Laws and legal precedence spell out clear requirements for schools to be prompt, fair, and impartial in all disciplinary proceedings, and Title IX echoes these due process requirements.    Similarly, the Clery Act requires that school processes be prompt, fair, and impartial, and that both parties receive timely notice regarding the outcomes of proceedings.    There are next steps that Congress can take to help assist schools and students in their efforts to end sexual harassment and violence. We know that the time immediately following an incident is especially critical for survivors.    They need access to a safe space, medical and counseling--medical care and counseling, and information about their rights and where they can seek additional support. Schools should also ensure an advisor is available to connect survivors to all of these resources.    The AAUW-supported Survivor Outreach and Support Campus Act, or the SOS Campus Act, would ensure schools take these critical steps.    In addition, climate surveys can help schools better to understand the dynamics behind reported and unreported incidents of sexual violence. Schools need information in order to effectively combat this epidemic. When done well, climate surveys provide transparency that is crucial for student safety and a useful tool to help schools fine-tune their response.    The AAUW-supported HALT Campus Sexual Violence Act would also require surveys at all schools.    Finally, we urge Congress to provide additional resources for the Department of Education to support Title IX coordinators and other stakeholders on relevant laws and best practices. There are schools that are working diligently to respond to incidents of sexual violence, and technical assistance can help them make real change.    Further, with more attention to sexual violence we have also seen an uptick in complaints, and an unprecedented number of schools are under investigation for Title IX compliance. The Office for Civil Rights needs additional funding to provide ongoing technical assistance for schools, as well as to hold bad actors accountable.    We all believe, I think, that a single incident of sexual violence is one too many. When it interferes with students' education it adds insult to injury.    But we have the tools to make real change, and AAUW looks forward to working with you as you reauthorize the Higher Education Act and consider this important topic.    Thank you.    Ms. Maatz. That is an excellent question, Mr. Scott. Thank you so much for asking it.    You know, working on relationships and students' understanding of safe relationships is key, and doing that before they get to college is also important. AAUW's research shows that sexual harassment and bullying is prevalent in K-12 schools starting really, quite frankly, with preschool. So having conversations about safe relationships, having good curriculum about how to talk about those issues, and also encouraging students to look at themselves as someone who can help, you know, to look at the bystander intervention kinds of models have been really successful.    The CDC studies have shown that when you really do relationship education and an emphasis on safe and healthy relationships you do start to erode campus sexual assault.    So you do need to start young. It needs to be consistent. It needs to be ongoing. And it is something that we need to get behind.    Ms. Maatz. I am familiar with Senator Kaine's bill.    Ms. Maatz. It is a bill that AAUW supports. I think it is smart to look at this kind of curriculum across the country.    And right now, since we know we have this epidemic of campus sexual assault, starting young is great. Doing it in high school is fine, but I also would submit you probably need to start in elementary school.    Ms. Maatz. Well, I think--thank you very much for the question. I think there is great confusion between what a criminal process looks like and what the civil rights process on a college campus is supposed to look like.    College campuses are not supposed to be nor would we expect them to be enforcing criminal law. What they are doing is looking at civil rights: Has Title IX been violated? Has a woman in this case been--has her education been impacted and therefore she can't, obviously, take advantage of her civil right to a sex discrimination-free education?    So it is really in that sense--they are parallel tracks, but they are very different. Schools can't send people to jail. You know, schools really look at enforcing student code of conduct.    And, you know, before when we were talking about the notion of kind of amateur courts, I do take exception to that in many respects on behalf of schools, because they have been dealing with - and enforcing their student code of conduct for decades, in some issues for hundreds of years. So the reality is, they know how to do that.    Where there is confusion, I think, is that when it comes to campus sexual assault, schools are supposed to be dealing with the civil rights impact not just on that individual student but how it impacts the campus as a whole, and that is different than the criminal proceedings that we have talked about.    Ms. Maatz. Well, number one, I would always encourage colleges and universities to not reinvent the wheel. There are local community services often--rape crisis hotlines, domestic violence shelters--that can help with prevention programs and potentially being these confidential advisors, which is a great best practice.    The other thing I would say, though, specific to women of color is that we need to be really sensitive especially about mandatory reporting. We know that there are issues in terms of gender bias in policing and racial bias in policing, and for women of color, to mandate that they report to law enforcement is a great way to ensure that they don't report to anybody, that they don't get any help, that they don't get any support.    So we need to be culturally competent about that and sensitive, and I think that it is one of the reasons, quite frankly AAUW has sent a letter to the Department of Justice asking them to create new guidance in gender bias in policing to deal with some of the different things that women of color are facing.    Ms. Maatz. Well, I think the mandatory reporting absolutely has a chilling effect. I think if you are looking for a way to not have students report not only just to the school, but also to law enforcement, make it mandatory.    Part of what we are trying to do with Title IX and the Clery Act is create a environment on campus that supports reporting. If it is going to be supportive to students, it needs to actually be helpful to them. And that kind of reporting not only helps that individual student but sets the tone on campus, in terms of creating a safe--    Ms. Maatz. Thank you for that.    Ms. Maatz. I think, Dr. Heck, one of the things that I would say is that we have seen an increase in the reporting in the military, and part of the reason for that is because the conversation is being had, because there is now a top-down as well as a bottom-up kind of conversation being had; and there is training going on, and that makes all the difference in the world. The prevention is key, and I think those are all good lessons that we can use for campus sexual assault.    Ms. Maatz. Right. Congressman, I share your sense of a flashback in many respects. When I was the executive director of Turning Point, which is a domestic violence shelter and program in Ohio, it was during the O.J. Simpson trial; it was during the first efforts to pass the Violence Against Women Act. And so it felt like there was kind of a national teach-in on domestic violence and people were talking about it.    And I see that bright spotlight today on campus sexual assault. I think many of the same things are happening. It is being very much driven by survivors and advocates who feel the time has come. And I think that also is very similar.    I think we can take some lessons from that. We have a lot more data. After 20 years of the Violence Against Women Act, we have a lot more data about how violence occurs; we have police--law enforcement that are a lot more--have a lot more data and a lot more experience in dealing with it, prosecutors as well.    But I also would continue to stress that when we are talking about campus sexual assault we want to be mindful of the fact that we are dealing with that as a civil rights issue and that we need to be really concerned about the access to an education that does not contain sex discrimination. We know too often that survivors will have problems.    Oftentimes they will drop out. That obviously is an interference with their education. Some of them, because of some of the post-traumatic stress and other issues that they have had, their grades go down, and then they lose their scholarships, and then they are the ones who aren't on campus.    So it is something that we need to be mindful of. There is the criminal element that we need to talk about and need to harmonize, but at the same time, they are separate and distinct and equally necessary paths.    Ms. Maatz. It is not only the most equitable; it is also the standard that most schools have been using throughout the years so that it is not new or different.    The other part of the preponderance standard is that it is what is used when we are talking about, for instance, Title VII cases, civil cases that are dealing with these kinds of issues, which both have a civil remedy and maybe also could have some criminal implications. So the reality is this is something that schools understand, that they have been using for a long time, and that there is plenty of guidance from the Department of Education as to exactly how they should be using it.    Everything is about being equitable, being fair, and being impartial.    Chairwoman Foxx. Mr. Salmon's time has expired.    Mr. Jeffries, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms. Maatz. There absolutely are meaningful protections. That is the whole point of Title IX; that is the whole point of the Clery Act, is to have colleges and universities examine those situations when they occur and to respond to them.    And respectfully, I would say, with Mr. Salmon's bill, if you make reporting mandatory to the police you have weakened Title IX. End of story. You have already said that it is not going to be a parallel process, that it is not going to be an equal process in terms of the emphasis.    So that is a bill, I think, that would weaken Title IX at a time, quite frankly, when we need it to be strong and we need as much technical assistance as we can get from the Department of Education so schools can be the good actors they want to be.    The reality is within the system they are supposed to have prevention training ongoing; they are supposed to be doing bystander intervention training ongoing; they are supposed to be training the folks who will be hearing these kinds of issues. And they have a choice as to what kind of format they will use in terms of administration hearing or student code of conduct.    There is flexibility here so that they can match it to their school, match it to the circumstances, match it to the--to their community, so that they can get a just result. It is supposed to be impartial and fair, and I do believe that it is.    Ms. Maatz. Yes.    Ms. Maatz. Well, and I think you have hit on a key point in terms of getting men involved. And the reality is, when you are doing this kind of programming, men as allies, not accusing, pointing fingers.    ``We know that this happens. Here is what you can do about it because you have sisters, because you may have daughters, because you have friends that this could--this could impact.''    That bystander intervention in particular can be particularly effective with men because they can distract, they can have another conversation.    And that peer pressure, you know? Never underestimate the power of the peer pressure.    Right now in some respects it is working against us, in terms of campus sexual assault, in terms of the norms, in terms of the stereotypes. And we need to make it work for us. And I think working with men in the process is a great way to do that.    The other thing I would say is that you need to bring in other folks from the entire community--not just fraternities and athletics departments, but the entire male community--    Ms. Maatz. Right. Those statistics obviously are horrible. And they are more likely to be sexually harassed, as well, so the whole continuum of violence is something, obviously, that we know LGBTQ people experience at a much higher rate.    The great thing about Title IX, the beauty of it, is that it is a gender-neutral law, and so right from the get-go we have a tool that we can use for students to file a grievance if they would like to seek assistance.    We have talked about having these advisors that could be helpful to students in telling them what their rights are, telling them what the process will be, helping them understand and talk about whether they want to file official charges or not, and all of that needs to be culturally competent and understand that sexual assault is not just a heterosexual phenomenon; it is something--    Ms. Maatz. Well, I think there is a variety of things that can happen, but I do think in this instance technology is our friend: making sure that information that is culturally competent on these issues is available to students, that it is sent out to them regularly, that is on the website, that is available in the student code of conduct, that is in the health center, that is in places where gay students socialize and congregate. Making sure all of that is available is huge.    Ms. Maatz. Absolutely. And so when you are training the folks who are going to be dealing with these cases, that has to be a huge element of it. It needs to be something that everyone understands.    And, quite frankly, there is wonderful guidance from the Department of Education about how Title IX applies specifically not only in terms of campus sexual assault, but also harassment based on gender identity as well.    Ms. Maatz. Right. Well, Title IX absolutely requires schools to not only put together an anti-discrimination policy, but to also have grievance procedures and, most importantly, to publish it in an ongoing way, to publicize it to students, to faculty, to staff. And technology can be our friend there, in terms of making sure that it is distributed frequently. It should also be used, obviously, in any on-campus prevention programs, and so forth.    I would like to get back, truthfully, to the climate surveys, because one of the things that I think is overlooked with the tool of the climate surveys is that it does give an opportunity for students to talk about their experiences. And in a climate--    Ms. Maatz. Right. Well, we need to actually make sure that there are certain questions that all climate surveys ask. I think that is very important. The HALT Act would do climate surveys, and we need to have that generalizability across the country.    At the same time, each campus can personalize that particular climate survey to make sure they are asking questions key for their community, key for their constituents. And what is good about that is that it not only provides information to the school about what they should be doing--what they are doing that students don't like, what they are doing that could be better--but it lets the students know that the university is paying attention, that there are these programs, that there are these rights, that there are these protections. And that in and of itself is a huge community education program as well as a data-finding program that helps to make things better.