    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am trying to re-register. Maybe I will stay where I am at.    So, Mr. Fitzgibbons, Mr. Healey said that looking ahead, we need not be overly concerned with large-scale attacks that might seriously disrupt the economy. Is that something you would agree with?    Mr. Pearce. Mr. Bentsen, you also said that transparency and regulations--the regulations should move towards transparency, is that more or less it? Is that something you would also agree with?    Mr. Pearce. Now, as I listen, as you can tell, I don't have a Ph.D. in cyber warfare, but it seems like we are mostly on defense and cyber warfare. In other words, we are like goalies on a dart team trying to catch the dart before it sticks in the board behind us. Do we ever have any offense like when they get into our systems? Do we have malware that is waiting for them to greet them and go into their systems and start?    Mr. Garcia?    Mr. Pearce. Do we prosecute people? Do we--    Mr. Pearce. How many--    Mr. Pearce. In a given year, the prosecutions might be what percent of the people who are trying to get into our systems?    Mr. Pearce. Anybody? Mr. Healey?    Mr. Pearce. Okay. And you feel like that has validity because in your closing statement you said that really you weren't looking for the military ninjas or something like that, cyber ninjas. And so you would feel like that offensive capability has some validity?    Mr. Pearce. Okay. So if we look back to the question of prosecution, do any of you know what the penalties are? In other words, are they sufficient to keep people from trying? Does it sound like we are too active in prosecuting people who carry out cyber warfare. Is that correct?    Mr. Pearce. Okay. I need to get on another question. We are running out of time. They all are staring at me. The concept of--James Rickards in his book talks about how in 2009 the Pentagon sponsored a fairly significant cyber warfare on our financial institutions using stocks, derivatives, currencies. Is that--Mr. Healey, was that a process that was beneficial and is it still ongoing? Do you know?    Mr. Pearce. Yes, it was just the Pentagon sponsored a really significant mock warfare in the cyber theater.    Mr. Pearce. --a small amount.    Thanks. I yield back.    Mr. Pearce . The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Pittenger from North Carolina.