    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Leonhart, I'm new to the committee so I'm going to ask you questions that I'm just curious as to the answer because I'm very confused. You said some things today that, I think, strike me as being unusual. They may be true. And I'm certain if anybody back home is watching it, they don't understand it either.    You said you can't fire people. Why can't you fire people? Everybody else could be fired. Why can't you fire people that work for you?    Mr. Mulvaney. Who can fire people when they commit misconduct, egregious misconduct, like participating in----    Mr. Mulvaney . Cartel-funded prostitution.    Mr. Mulvaney. Who? In your agency, who is a deciding official?    Mr. Mulvaney. Are they senior to you or junior to you?    Mr. Mulvaney. Could you recommend that they fire somebody? So if somebody--you're saying you can't fire somebody, but somebody junior to you can fire somebody? Is that what you--is that what you're telling us?    Mr. Mulvaney. Senior people, but not senior to you. But I get that. So, OK, let's say that you wanted to fire these people. Let's say you saw some activity that merited somebody getting fired. Did you ever--by the way, have you ever seen that since you've worked there? Has any of this conduct that we've talked about today in these couple dozen sex parties, in your mind, merit dismissal?    Mr. Mulvaney. Now, how could you possible--I can't let you off the hook like that, Ms. Leonhart. How do you not possibly know all the facts by now?    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you have any idea how absurd all of that sounds to an ordinary human being?    Mr. Mulvaney. All right. Let's assume--because I think I just asked you if you saw anything that merited somebody being dismissed, and you didn't say yes, which I assume means you meant no. But let's assume for the sake of this discussion you saw something that merited dismissal, what would you do?    Mr. Mulvaney. How do you start the process?    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. Horowitz, Mr. Perkins, is it like this at the other agencies? Does everybody deal with these arcane rules at other agencies?    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. Horowitz.    Mr. Mulvaney. One last question Ms. Leonhart, then I'll wrap up. Is it true, Ms. Leonhart, that if you suggest a suspension longer than 14 days--and in all the examples that I've got the paperwork on, on these couple dozen events--no one was ever suspended for more than 14 days. Is it true that if you recommend or if someone gets a suspension of more than 14 days, that a Merit System Protection Board takes over the investigation in the handling of that matter?    Mr. Mulvaney. And who takes over the investigation of the matter when the Merit System Protection Board gets involved?    Mr. Mulvaney. But is that internal to you, or is it external to you?    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the gentleman.    I thank the chairman. I asked both the chairman and the ranking member to--this is just--this is nuts. How we can't fix this, I have no idea, but clearly she is telling us she doesn't have the legal authority to do what everybody on this committee thinks that she should have done. Maybe we should try and figure out a way to fix that.    Mr. Mulvaney. Gentleman yield for just a second.    I'm sorry, I heard you say that there's one thing you could actually fire somebody for, which is sexual harassment. So let me see if I've got this correct, Mr. Horowitz, Ms. Leonhart. If I flirt with a coworker in the office and that constitutes sexual harassment, I can be fired, but I can take an underage hooker from a cartel I'm investigating and you can't fire me. Is that what we're talking about here?    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you.