    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Welcome, Dr. Miller. It is good to have you here.    What MedPAC has looked at and what we are talking about here are patients with a similar clinical condition receiving similar treatments from different providers at different locations for different costs. Am I correct?    OK. So has MedPAC ever looked at the issue of patients in a different way, the same clinical conditions, receiving the same treatment from the same provider at the same location for different costs?    If you would like to--I can give you a little more detail. Would you like some more details first?    Mr. Murphy. OK. I put anecdotally about cases where a patient received, for example, chemotherapy from a physician that was billed as a physician-based practice.    Mr. Murphy. And then that same patient was seen by the same doctor, for the same treatment, at the same location and was billed as hospital outpatient treatment at an incredible markup price after that office became part of a larger healthcare system. Are you familiar with that?    Mr. Murphy. How widespread is this practice?    Mr. Murphy. Precisely.    Mr. Murphy. Sure. So we have heard examples, for example, where someone was getting oncology treatment, chemotherapy, that, in one instance, may cost $10,000. When the hospital acquires the practice, it is billed at $30,000.    Mr. Murphy. We have heard similar things for a dermatological procedure, et cetera. And then a person's copay may have a several thousand dollar difference as well. So it currently is legal. Am I correct?    Mr. Murphy. Is it ethical?    Mr. Murphy. Do you wonder if it is ethical?    Mr. Murphy. Is it ethical that someone has found this loophole and is----    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    So, previous MedPAC analysis has shown that hospital-based reimbursements is much higher, as we said, and paying the doctor more than a nonhospital affiliated facility.    Mr. Murphy. Sure. I have a cold, and so it is hard for me to----    Mr. Murphy. That is OK. I am sick. But what am I going to do? See a doctor?    Mr. Murphy. Anyways.    So I am paying the doctor more and charging a senior more for same service at a nonhospital affiliated facility. Can you comment on what degree a similar dynamic is differentiated payments? You may be operating in the post-acute space and its relationship to costs for seniors and potential consolidation of treatment facilities similar to those we have seen in the cancer setting.    Mr. Murphy. OK. Thank you. I know I am out of time, but I just hope we continue to work with you to get more information on that process I spoke about, what those net costs may be costing Medicare as well as seniors with copays. I am sure as you go through this--and Mr. Chairman, I hope we can get that information and report that back.