    Mr. Buck. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Ferriero, could you tell me, what is the mission statement for your agency?    Mr. Buck. Okay. And Mr. Ehrlich.    Mr. Buck. Okay. And if I looked it up, that would be the mission statement that you have on your Web site that your employees get?    Mr. Buck. Okay. And Ms. Emerson?    Mr. Buck. Okay. And that's the mission statement that's written?    Mr. Buck. And is one of those areas, I take it, immigration?    Mr. Buck. And do you think that the immigration policies of the administration that have encouraged hundreds of thousands of people to cross the border illegally, does that have an effect on morale at your agency?    Mr. Buck. Is that a yes or a no?    Mr. Buck. So I just want to make sure I understand. It's hard for you to speculate about the fact that the immigration service is trying to regulate immigration in this country, and it has gotten to the point where it's completely unregulated and it's hard for you to speculate whether that is causing a morale issue?    Mr. Buck. Do you think we have an immigration problem in this country with the number of illegal immigrants that have come into this country?    Mr. Buck. Do you read the newspapers?    Mr. Buck. And watch TV?    Mr. Buck. Not much.    Mr. Buck. That's a good thing.    So in your daily experience, you haven't noticed whether we have an immigration challenge in this country?    Mr. Buck. And the fact that--I have worked with a number of immigration agents, and they feel like they are a race horse that is being kept in the stable. They never get out to the gate to be able to run. And that is the morale issue that I hear from the people that are on the ground and in my prior life in law enforcement.    And I think if people have a mission and a mission statement and they are frustrated--they're obviously attracted to the agency because they wanted to work on that mission, and that they're frustrated in that sense, it seems to me that would be part of the morale problem. Any opinion on that?    Mr. Buck. And in some cases not follow the law. Not that you're breaking the law, but not enforcing the law because a President has issued executive orders and other direction and used the terms prosecutorial misconduct or has decided in other ways that he is going to frustrate the mission statement of an agency.    No further questions.