    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and Administrator McCarthy, I believe that you desire to see the United States lead the world in environmental protection. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Westerman. Are there other countries or regions of the world that are doing good things for the environment such as Western Europe, U.K., or the Netherlands?    Mr. Westerman. So any of those in particular that----    Mr. Westerman. Okay. Secretary Vilsack sent a letter to the U.K. Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change in which he wrote, ``The U.S. wood pellet industry increases our forested area, reduces greenhouse gas emissions, and improves U.S. forest management practice.'' He went on to state, ``Demand for wood pellets also delivers compelling carbon and societal benefits to the United States. Independent analysis undertaken has consistently shown that demand for wood pellets promotes U.S. forest growth and reduces risk to U.S. forests.'' And without objection, I'm going to submit this letter for the record.    Mr. Westerman. Given this stated position of the Secretary of Agriculture, how will EPA take into account these comments in the scientific analysis on which it is based?    Mr. Westerman. Do you disagree----    Mr. Westerman. --with the Secretary's position, what he stated about wood pellets and the use of biomass and wood pellets? Is there still science to be determined on that or the science that he based his analysis on correct?    Mr. Westerman. Okay. And I was jotting down a few of the things you were saying earlier about people are expecting us to take reasonable actions, that you're following the science. I hope that you would continue to do that.    You also said that the, switching gears a little bit, the Gold King Mine is a disaster. You said you're doing your best to hold people accountable. I want to talk a little bit about the Gold King Mine spill that took place last August.    Mr. Westerman. Given the gravity of the situation, is it fair to say that you took that spill very seriously?    Mr. Westerman. And you've conducted your own internal EPA investigation?    Mr. Westerman. So what EPA employees did you find to be responsible for the Gold King Mine spill?    Mr. Westerman. So you didn't find anybody to be at fault in this mine spill?    Mr. Westerman. So given your commitment and expertise on the issue, who was the EPA on site coordinator the day of the Gold King Mine spill?    Mr. Westerman. I believe his name is Mr. Griswold, Hayes Griswold.    Mr. Westerman. So is Mr. Griswold responsible for the Gold King Mine spill?    Mr. Westerman. So is he to blame for the Gold King Mine spill?    Mr. Westerman. So who's to blame for the spill?    Mr. Westerman. Because somebody----    Mr. Westerman. --failed in their execution of the project. Has Mr. Griswold been reprimanded or received training or a suspension for his role as onsite coordinator?    Mr. Westerman. As head of the EPA, do you take responsibility for the spill?    Mr. Westerman. So you take responsibility of the agency's role, which was to the on-scene coordinator, so I'm trying to connect the dots here.    Mr. Westerman. Do you have a responsibility to hold somebody accountable?    Mr. Westerman. That was last August. Has anybody been held accountable for the spill?    Mr. Westerman. Has anyone been reprimanded or faced any consequences for their role----    Mr. Westerman. I've exceeded my time, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.