    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank all of you for being here. I would certainly be remiss if I didn't comment on what--on one of the comments that was just made about the mergers that have taken place in the banking industry here in recent years. Let's keep in mind, a lot of those mergers weren't necessarily wanted. A lot of them were fire sales, a bank selling to bigger banks before they went into business.    You know, full disclosure here. First of all, I've served on community bank boards. Full disclosure, I'm a small businessman. If it weren't for a community bank, I would not have been able to start my small business. I went into business November 21stof 1988, and it was because a small community bank was willing to extend me credit to open up my business, so I am a big community bank fan.    And I will tell you, Mr. Williams, I couldn't agree with you more. When I was serving on the bank board previously to becoming a member of Congress 18 months ago, the only new hires we were making were compliance officers. That was all we could do was every time we'd make some money, we'd hire a new compliance officer. That was the only thing we could do.    Mr. Gruenberg, I want to ask you: Do you know what bank deserts are? What are bank deserts? Can you just briefly tell me.    Mr. Carter. When I would refer--it was a term we kind of used in Georgia. You're aware of what's happened in Georgia?    Mr. Carter. I believe Georgia leads the Nation in the number of banks that have closed since all this started. You know, and listen, I've listened to all of you during the day, and I know you all agree that community banks are important and they're necessary and we've got to have them, but bank deserts exist in both rural and urban areas, particularly in rural areas.    In the State of Georgia we have 159 counties. We've got 48 counties that don't have a locally chartered bank. That would be referred to as a bank desert. Nationwide, there are 654 bank deserts in rural communities and 351 in urban areas. What we don't have a locally chartered bank.    Chairman Gruenberg, can you tell me, it sounds like what you have articulated here today that you're concerned, that the FDIC is concerned about these bank deserts and the need for community banks. But I'm still not clear, when we talk about the convenience and need to the community, what you mean by that?    Mr. Carter. So you acknowledge that. Tell me what you're doing about it.    Mr. Carter. I know there's a different in want and in doing. Tell me what you're doing about it.    Mr. Carter. Okay. I've got very limited time, and I've got to--let me ask you, Chairman Gruenberg, how many bank charters were approved last year? How many new bank charters were approved last year?    Mr. Carter. One?    Mr. Carter. Did you say one?    Mr. Carter. But how are you going to help? I mean, you know, we need to help these people.    Mr. Carter. We've got 48 out of 159 counties in the State of Georgia that do not have a locally chartered bank. If small community banks go away, small business goes away.    Mr. Carter. But what I'm hearing--I'm sorry, but what I'm hearing is that that is the problem. There's no transparency, that the process is difficult, it's hard it navigate.    Mr. Carter. Okay. Well, my time has expired. But I've got to tell you, small business is what made America.    Mr. Carter. And this is killing us. We have got to have it. And we need help. We need to make it easier.    Now, we need to make sure these de novo banks, we need to make sure these community banks survive. If they don't survive, small business is not going to survive.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.