    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Chairman, I thank you for holding today's hearing. And as you know, this issue of the skyrocketing prices of prescription drugs has been one of my top priorities for several years.    This hearing is critical because yet another drug company, Mylan, has jacked up the price of a life-saving product for no discernible reason.    And I did read your testimony, Ms. Bresch, and I was not impressed.    And they raised the prices, the reason being, I believe, to get filthy rich at the expense of our constituents--at the expense of our constituents.    May I hold your EpiPen?    The EpiPen has been around for decades. It was introduced in 1988. The active ingredient has been around even longer, and it costs just pennies to make, as the chairman said.    So what changed? What changed? What changed is that Mylan acquired EpiPen in 2007. Then they used a simple but corrupt business model that other drug companies have repeatedly used. We've seen it over and over and over again. Find an old, cheap drug that has virtually no competition and raise the price over and over and over again as high as you can. That's what Martin Shkreli did and that's what Valeant's CEO did. They sat at this very witness table earlier this year with absolutely no remorse. None.    In Mylan's case, they had a virtual monopoly over the market, and they decided to take advantage of it. As a result, today a product that used to cost about $100 for two EpiPens now costs more than $600.    To understand why Mylan raised these prices so dramatically, we need to understand how much money they are making off of this drug. According to documents obtained by the committee, EpiPen generated $184 million in net sales revenue in 2008--$184 million. In 2016, listen to this, in 2016 Mylan expects this number to go up to more than 1.1 billion, as in ``B.'' That's more than a fivefold increase over the 10 years.    What else changed since 2007? The EpiPen became Mylan's first billion-dollar drug. Mylan has received more than $4 billion in net sales revenue on this one drug over the last decade, and that's after rebates and discounts. My, my, my.    The company also engaged in a massive marketing campaign. According to information obtained by the committee, Mylan spent $100 million on advertising and marketing for EpiPens last year alone.    Then came the price increases. When Mylan acquired EpiPen in 2007, the cost for two EpiPens was about $100. In 2012, they raised the price to about $218. Then they, in 2014, they raised it again. You see the pattern? They raised it again, to about $350. In 2015, they were on a roll, they raised it again, to about $460. And now it's $608.    While the price of EpiPens shot up exponentially, so did Ms. Bresch's paycheck and the lavish compensation of her fellow executives at Mylan. In 2007, Ms. Bresch received $2.45 million, according to financial reports. Not bad. By last year, her compensation had soared to more than $18 million, a 671 percent increase. Mylan's chairman, Robert Coury, got even more. He made more than $22.5 million in 2014 alone.    After the public backlash to Mylan's most recent price increase, they announced they would expand their patient assistance program. We've heard that one before. This is the same PR playbook other companies use. When your price increases, finally spark public outrage, just say you're expanding your patient assistance programs and make as much money as you can along the way. That's what Martin Shkreli did, that's what Valeant did, and that's what Mylan is doing.    Here's the bottom line. I begged Martin Shkreli to use whatever influence he still had over his company to lower their prices. I pleaded with Valeant's executives to lower their prices. I called on Mylan to reverse its drastic increases. But they all refused.    They talk about discounts and coupons and rebates, but even with withering bipartisan criticism from Congress and desperate outcries from the American people--and, by the way, the American people that all of these folks up here represent, every single person up here has somebody that's affected by this--they never, ever, never lowered the prices.    I'm concerned that this is a rope-a-dope strategy. Today, we'll hold yet another hearing where the industry will take their punches, but then they go right ahead and keep on raising their prices. I'm sure somebody said to them: You know, look, you just go in there, the Congress is going to be upset with you, but afterwards, you're just going to come out of there, and we'll just keep raising prices, we'll keep doing it.    After Mylan takes our punches, they'll fly back to their mansions in their private jets and laugh all the way to the bank while constituents suffer, file for bankruptcy, and watch their children get sicker or die. That's what we're dealing with today.    Yesterday, someone asked me if I wanted the head of Mylan to apologize today. I had to think about that for a minute. I think it would be more appropriate, it would be nice if she did. But that will not cause Mylan to treat my constituents fairly and bring down the price to where it should be.    We need solutions, I agree, Mr. Chairman, and I'm glad that this is a bipartisan effort. It's time for Congress to act. We will hold today's hearing just like we held our previous hearings.    And to our witnesses, when we had Mr. Shkreli before us, he said something that was very interesting, and for some reason, Mr. Chairman, I think about it over and over and over again. As soon as he got out of the hearing, you know what he called us? Imbeciles. He said every Member of Congress is an imbecile.    You know why he said that? Because he knew they would go back and do the same thing over and over again. So he took his punches. He rope-a-doped. As a matter of fact, he did worse than that, he took the Fifth. And the prices kept on going on up.    And so I beg all of our colleagues to take just a moment. This is our moment. If there's going to be something that we do in a bipartisan way, this is it, as the chairman said, and I watched the chairman in an interview yesterday. And I can tell that he and I were getting a little bit emotional. You know why? Because we were thinking about children. We were thinking about children who may have some kind of spell and need this just to breathe.    So I hope, after the hearing is over, that you just don't go back to the champagne, say: All right, we rope-a-doped it, and now we go on to life as it was. Because our constituents deserve better.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.    Ms. Bresch, on August 29, the committee sent you a bipartisan request for documents. We included a simple request, and I quote, ``We ask for the company's profits from the sales of EpiPen for each year since acquisition,'' end of quote. Do you recall getting that? Did you see that?    Mr. Cummings. Ma'am?    Mr. Cummings. Your company has started to produce documents, and we appreciate that. We now have information about your marketing expenses and a number of other costs.    But one thing that is absent, Ms. Bresch, from your document production is your profits for each year. Given how much you are now charging for EpiPen, I think the American people have a right to know how much you and your fellow executives are making off of the exorbitant prices you're charging for this drug.    So let's start with last year. I see you've got all kinds of charts, so maybe this is on one of those charts. How much profit did you make in 2015 from the sale of EpiPens? In 2015.    Mr. Cummings. Have you got a number for me? How many did you sell?    Mr. Cummings. Okay. And according to the documents, you had net revenues of $912 million in 2015 for EpiPens, and that was after all rebates and discounts. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. And so according to these documents, you spent $97 million on marketing in 2015 alone, and that is a huge amount, and that's what the documents say. So that brings you to a number--your number down to about 815 million. Wouldn't you agree?    Mr. Cummings. You don't know how much you're making off of these pens?    Mr. Cummings. So the next documents say you spent $255 million on costs of goods sold in 2015. So that brings the total to 560 million, and that's pretty simple math. So okay, so you have patient assistance programs and school-based programs for EpiPens, but the documents do not say how much you spent on them last year. So how much did you spend on those programs in 2015 for EpiPens?    Mr. Cummings. The fellow behind you is getting a chart, and maybe that will help us.    Mr. Cummings. So this is your biggest product. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. And are you telling me you don't know how much you spent on patient assistance programs and school-based programs last year? Is that what you're saying?    Mr. Cummings. So that leads me to the next question. I know we've got some 43 million people that are a possible customer base, but let me ask you this. Let's talk about R&D. How much did Mylan spend on research and development projects that directly related to EpiPens in 2015?    Mr. Cummings. Can we talk about 2015?    Mr. Cummings. That's not what I asked you. I said, how much did you spend on R&D in 2015? And I think the hearing is about EpiPens. And I've got to tell you, I talked about in my opening statement about rope-a-doping, that's what I'm feeling like. I mean, I feel like you're not giving me answers, ma'am.    And I think, in fairness to us, you knew what this hearing was about, you knew what our concerns were, and I just, I'm asking you questions that--you're the CEO?    Mr. Cummings. That I would think you would know. I mean, seems like this stuff would be jumping out of the top of your head.    Mr. Cummings. Can we stop right there, right there?    Mr. Cummings. Let's put a pen in that one. This longer shelf life, how are we coming with that? Right now it's about a year. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Eighteen months. So how long are we trying to get it up to? Because I heard that it was a year, but I'm glad to hear it's 18 months. But go ahead.    Mr. Cummings. What are your researchers--what are you projecting?    Mr. Cummings. How soon will we know, do you think? What do your researchers--since you're spending all this money on it, what are your researchers telling you, how soon do they say they'll have an answer?    Mr. Cummings. I'm running out of time. I only have about a minute left. How about this? Would you agree that you made hundreds of millions of dollars in profit in 2015 based on the sale of EpiPens alone?    Mr. Cummings. Now, you answered my question. So you agree that you made hundreds of millions of dollars in profit in 2015 based on the sale of EpiPens?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you.    Ms. Bresch, here is what--I'm almost finished--Ms. Bresch, here is what I want. I want you to produce to this committee a breakdown for each year for the past 10 years since you acquired this drug in 2007. I want you to include a detailed list of all your costs for each year, all of your expenses for each year, and all of your profits for each year for EpiPen. And that's what we asked for nearly a month ago.    And the chairman is real big on documents, and I am too, and we want to--it makes it--it's very unfair to us when we ask you for documents and we don't get what we want. Because what that means is, is that the hearing is over, as I said before, you go back, you fly back to wherever, you know, your company is, and we are then--we have then lost a chance to get the kind of information we need.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Would the gentleman yield just for one question?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you.    Just one question. Just following up on what you just said, it seems like you would be taking a loss, unless I've got my math wrong. When you go to the generic, and you said you've got certain costs, but it seemed like you would be taking a loss on the generic. Am I missing something?    Mr. Cummings. Would the gentleman yield? I know that he doesn't have any more time, but I just want to help clarify something.    Mr. Cummings. And this is to help. I just want to take just one step further.    Do you know what you get from the PBMs for the regular EpiPen, how much rebates? The gentleman was talking about that. Do you?    Mr. Cummings. But you can get us that information?    Mr. Cummings. Okay. And two, you expect to be getting rebates from the generic. Is that right? Yes or no?    Mr. Cummings. But I didn't ask you that. I said are you getting--are you getting----    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much. You know, when Mr. Shkreli appeared before us, he took the Fifth. And to be frank with you, you might as well have taken the Fifth too, with the kind of information that we've gotten here today, because I don't think that we--I tell you: This reminds me of a game when it's like hiding the ball. And it's like a shell game, and we can't--you know, you seem--it seems like we can never figure out where the ball is.    And as I said from the very beginning, I was concerned that we would be here in a rope-a-dope situation. It's worse. It is worse. In the rope-a-dope situation, the boxer sort of holds on and tries to get through, and then, at the end, he comes back and he wins.    In this situation, not only are you holding on and trying to win, but in the end, you are placing us in a position where we're not making very much progress here at all. I'm saying I've listened to--I've been here 99 percent of this hearing, and I've practiced law for many years, and I'll tell you: I don't know what your lawyers are telling you, but I don't think that you have been frank with us. And I could understand it a little bit better if you didn't know what this hearing was all about. And I don't say those words lightly.    Let me ask you a few questions to see if we might be able to move forward here a little bit. You know, your numbers just don't add up. And I think that's what's happened. I mean, if I could sum up this hearing, it would be ``the numbers don't add up.'' And it is extremely difficult to believe that you are making only $50 in profit when you just increased the price by more than $100 per pen.    Do you have any internal company documents that track the total profits you have made off of EpiPen from 2007, when you acquired it, until today? Do you have any of those documents?    Mr. Cummings. Can we hold on for that one little thing you just said? You talk about the value of the medication, right? You know, you can take that--I mean, when you talk about the value of a medication, I guess you're saying, well, if you have a certain medication, it will keep you out of the hospital. A certain medication will save your life. I mean, where does that end? In other words, how do you put value on life? Are you following what I'm saying? I could go on and on and on. So is that the measurement?    Mr. Cummings. I mean, but you've said it 50 million times in this hearing. And it sounds like you're saying: ``Because I'm able to save somebody from possibly going to the hospital or whatever, that's supposed to be incorporated into the value, and that's partly why we are able to charge these prices.'' And are you telling us that you are doing us a favor, that you're doing our constituents a favor by raising these prices?    Mr. Cummings. I'm talking about right now. Right now. Right now. I've got--the other night I was at a PTA meeting in my district, and I had a mother who has three children, and all of them use EpiPen. She has to have one set at home, and she has one at the school. And she stood there in tears, because she's only making maybe $50,000 a year or less, and she's trying to figure out how she's going to afford this.    And as I listen to you more and more and you talk about--I think I wouldn't be so--I think I might be a little bit more trustful if I hadn't heard some of this before, if I hadn't read some of it before from people like Shkreli, who called us imbeciles.    But now--but when you present to me that you've got these assistance programs, as I see the assistance programs--and by the way, everybody comes in with the same story. There must be some playbook that you all use. And they say: ``Oh, we've got an assistance program. We're going to help some people.'' And the next thing you know they then use that to justify not bringing the prices down.    Do you understand that?    Mr. Cummings. And that's exactly what you've come in here to do--you've done. You've done it. That's what you're doing. Are you going to go down on the price? Are you going to come back down on the price at all? Put aside the generic stuff. What about coming down on the price?    Mr. Cummings. You know, we appreciate all of that, but do you all, does Mylan have a slogan of ``Seeing is Believing''?    Mr. Cummings. You do?    Mr. Cummings. ``Seeing is Believing.'' That's what we want to do. We want to see the records. We want to see the records. You are refusing to say how much profit your company makes. You are repeating industry talking points with no substance whatsoever. You are trying to claim that your massive price increases are actually a good thing for American families. Our committee requested documents from Mylan, but so far, you failed to produce everything we've asked for. As you just said, Mylan's slogan is ``Seeing is Believing.''    So, in summary, Ms. Bresch, will you agree today--I know the chairman has asked you to produce some documents within the next 10 days and some information in the next 10 days. Will you agree today to produce all the documents the committee has requested so we can confirm what's going on here?    Mr. Cummings. What does that mean? I don't know what that means. We've given you--we've asked for specific documents.    Mr. Cummings. And so that we will be clear, we want your agreements and your contracts with manufacturers and suppliers, distributors, PBMs, and any of your other partners in the distribution channel for EpiPen.    Will you produce those?    Mr. Cummings. So you will get us what you got. I know you're all lawyered up back there, but you're going to make sure that you consult with your lawyers to get us what you can?    Mr. Cummings. All right. Thank you.    Mr. Cummings. Just briefly. Ms. Bresch, you mentioned that you've got some confidentiality agreements. That doesn't apply to us, Congress, you know that, right? Hello.    Mr. Cummings. Now you know. That doesn't apply to us. And I'm sure your attorneys will work that through.    I just hope that--I just want to go back and briefly as I close with what I said before. I've asked you every kind of way, would the prices come down? And you've basically made it clear--basically, you fall in the same category of Shkreli and the Valeant people. They come to the hearing, they go through the motions. At least you tried to answer some questions.    But in the end, our constituents still suffer. And I hope that, when you fly back on your jet, you'll think about that mother that I told you about or the people that Mr. Carter talked about a few minutes ago trying to just take care of their families. And, you know, I don't--I try to really look at things from a very--in a way, a very balanced way. But I can tell you that I've been on this committee for 20 years, and very rarely have I seen a situation where it seems that we could not get the answers that we were looking for to this degree.    And what that does is it goes against credibility, and that's a very, very difficult hurdle. And so that's why we really do need to see the documents. And what we're trying to do--you know, you can make all the money you want. I just don't like the idea of it being done in a way that's not transparent, and I don't like it being done on the backs of people who can least afford it.    And you keep trying to convince us that Mylan is doing a great favor, but Mylan's making money. Mylan's doing fine. But to come in and to say some of the things that you've said, it just makes me, you know, feel that maybe you don't think we're that bright, and that's a sad commentary.    So thank you very much, and we'll look forward to receiving your answers and documents.