    Mr. HANNA. Thank you, Chairman.    The government is famous for unintended consequences, but there is something insidious about this. The time, the incentive to raise pay, the complexity, the fact that you went from 16 percent to 32 percent of companies that are not doing this or are not supplying it.    Mr. McTigue, Ms. Wade, is it possible that in this particular case this law is doing exactly what it was intended to do, and that is incentivize people to have insurance for a short period of time, but ultimately, create a marketplace where the real goal is to force everybody to provide insurance without really giving them any benefit? Maybe that sounds like a strange question, but it seems like there is nothing about this that is workable or working. If you really wanted people to get more insurance, this is not what you would design. None of us here would. So what do you think of that? I mean, it is my inference.    Mr. HANNA. The bottom line is this is not working, and people are not incentivized to use it. And it is not producing the outcome it was intended. I mean, it is nice that more people have insurance, but on the margin you have to say it is a very small number compared to the number that it might be able to affect. If it were simpler, longer, maybe raise the number, I do not know. So this ought to be something you can look back and either decide to make it go away or fix it and make it cleaner. Ms. Wade? Anybody?    Mr. HANNA. The temporary part is what makes me think it is a little insidious because clearly people, you are not going backwards. You do not give somebody a pay raise effectively through insurance and then yank it back in 2 years. Any fool can project the cost of that out for however long you may think you have your average employee and say, you know, I am not doing that because in 10 years it is going to cost me 10 times or 5 times more. So I think the whole rule is suspect.    Mr. HANNA. It looks like the government are trying to lock people into this without giving them an exit strategy or incentive that actually works in the real world. What do you think, Mr. McTigue?    Mr. HANNA. You have to look at the goal though. If the goal is somewhere in between, right?    Mr. HANNA. I would wager that the government looked at this and said this is really expensive, and how can we limit it? So you do 2 years and a few other things that you have thrown in here, but the net result is not as many people are enjoying the outcome as we would like to have.    My time is expired. Thank you, Chairman.