    Mr. Murphy. While I know they just called votes, we are going to try and do opening statements, and then we will break for a little bit for some quick votes and come back. This is what happens on the Hill. I apologize.    All right. Well, today this subcommittee will continue our examination of bioresearch labs and handling of dangerous pathogens, including the 66 pathogens classified as Federal Select Agents. Specifically, we will focus on the inactivation of bacteria and viruses, or making dangerous organisms harmless and incapable of spreading disease while retaining characteristics for future use including crucial biodefense research.    This research allows for the development of diagnostic tests to detect emerging infectious diseases as well as discovering vaccines and other medical countermeasures to protect us from epidemics. First, I would like to thank the GAO for their hard work and pivotal report as well as their participation in today's hearing. I would also like to thank CDC, FDA, NIH, and the Department of the Army for their participation today. Thank you for being here.    Disastrously, recent incidents at Federal bioresearch labs have revealed lackadaisical methods used to inactivate anthrax, a deadly select agent. Such negligence continues to put human lives at risk. In 2015, the Army's Dugway Proving Ground shipped live anthrax, thought to have been successfully killed, to contractors, subcontractors and private labs in all 50 States and nine foreign countries for more than a decade.    The dangers presented by such a careless mistake are unacceptable, and thankfully no one was harmed so the Army dodged a catastrophe in this matter. However, without major overhaul, how deadly agents like anthrax are handled and how research is conducted, the risk of repeating this mistake remains viable.    In 2014, this subcommittee held a hearing on the shipment of live anthrax thought to have been activated. The anthrax was shipped from a high containment lab at CDC to another lab at CDC with a lower level of biosafety. And the transfer of live anthrax potentially exposed over 80 CDC employees.    An internal CDC review and USDA inspection found multiple failures. Unapproved inactivation techniques were used; a virulent strain of anthrax was unnecessarily used in the research; lab staff lacked training and knowledge required to inactivate anthrax; lack of standard operating procedures for inactivation; inability to find anthrax samples; and disinfectant used for decontamination was expired.    These kinds of incidents drove direct action from the White House--a Federal laboratory stand-down was ordered in the summer of 2014. However, and disappointingly, even with consciousness raised about the lab safety, bioresearch labs persist in questionable inactivation practices today.    Recently, we learned that the CDC in Ft. Collins, Colorado sent a shipment of Zika, dengue, and chikungunya virus to CDC Atlanta. The viruses were used in control panels for a trioplex diagnostic test under emergency use authority. Despite CDC Ft. Collins' knowledge that the inactivation had not been confirmed, the shipment was sent. Let me restate that. Dangerous, live viruses including Zika were handled and shipped across the country. CDC Ft. Collins told CDC Atlanta don't open the package until inactivation was confirmed, and ultimately, thankfully, the package was not opened.    This continued problem of mistakenly shipping live anthrax and other pathogens led the committee to make a bipartisan request to the GAO to evaluate issues relevant to inactivation. By coincidence, the request was made 2 weeks before the discovery of the massive anthrax inactivation problems at Dugway.    Today, the GAO will present its finding and recommendations on the inactivation of dangerous pathogens. Failed inactivation has been long overlooked by regulators and the research community. The GAO brings us several important findings. First, the GAO found that the Federal Select Agent Program operated by both the Departments of Health and Human Services and Agriculture does not require laboratories to identify incidents involving failed inactivation in its reporting, resulting in inconsistent and incomplete reports.    From 2003 until 2015, the Select Agent Program reported ten incidents, but GAO documented an additional 11 situations in which select agents were not effectively inactivated. Since the Select Agent Program lacks standard practices for identifying such incidents, we simply don't know how often they occur or why. This is extremely disturbing.    In their report, the GAO noted the need for better and more consistent follow-up when problems with inactivation are discovered. The GAO found that the Federal Select Agent regulators were inconsistent in both their referrals for further investigation and in their enforcement approach. As one example, two incidents at CDC under investigation by the USDA in 2014 were not referred for further investigation. The lack of consistency by select agent regulators, CDC, and the USDA leaves this subcommittee and the public with zero confidence in regulators' ability to protect the safety of the American public.    But the GAO's most alarming discovery is the fact that today we still don't know what it takes to effectively and reliably inactivate certain select agent pathogens. In some cases, the chemical or radiological dosing is not actually effective; in other cases, the process for verifying the inactivation is not reliable. It is extremely troubling that after 15 years of efforts, we still lack competency in ensuring the safety of the public from dangerous and sometimes fatal bacteria and viruses.    This needs to be among our highest priorities for reforming the Select Agent Program. To reiterate, it has been 15 years since we became aware of the need for a Select Agent Program and clearly there is a lot of work to do.    I do want to commend the Army for its response to the shocking shipments of anthrax from the Dugway laboratory, and I want to acknowledge the cooperation we have received from both the NIH and the FDA. Both have worked to identify improvements needed and to implement those changes, including creating new offices and committing additional resources.    Mr. Murphy. I welcome and thank all the witnesses for testifying today, and I now recognize Ranking Member Ms. DeGette.    Mr. Murphy. And when we return, if the members still want to give theirs or the ranking member does.    Mrs. Blackburn, you can be recognized for 1 minute, and then we are going to have to run.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. And so the panelists, we are going to run down and vote. Half an hour or so, I guess, the voting; we will be back. So you get a slight reprieve and then we will be right back. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. All right. OK, thank you. Then we will move on. So I ask unanimous consent that any other Members' written opening statements be introduced in the record, and without objection, the documents will be entered into the record.    Let me introduce the witnesses for today's hearing, then. Dr. Tim Persons will lead off our panel. Dr. Persons was appointed chief scientist of the U.S. Government Accountability Office in July 2008. As such, he is a member of the Senior Executive Service of the U.S. Federal Government; also serves as a director for GAO's Center for Science Technology and Engineering. We thank Dr. Persons for being with us today and look forward to his comments.    I would also like to welcome Dr. Daniel Sosin from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. With over 30 years of public health, analytical science, and emergency response and medical training experience at the CDC, Dr. Sosin now serves as deputy director and chief medical officer for the Office of Public Health Preparedness and Response. Thank you for being here, Dr. Sosin.    Next, we welcome Dr. Steve Monroe, associate director for Laboratory Science and Safety at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. With an extensive background in microbiology and infectious disease, I look forward to hearing from Dr. Monroe on steps taken to improve lab safety policies at the Federal level.    And next up, I introduce Dr. Mark Davidson who is associate deputy administrator at the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Veterinary Service Program. In this role Dr. Davidson oversees the program's national import/export activities as well as all agricultural select agent services. We thank him for being with us today and look forward to his testimony.     Joining us today from the National Institutes of Health we have Mr. Jeff Potts. Mr. Potts serves as the biorisk manager of the NIH where he oversees the coordination of all high containment laboratories within the NIH intramural research program. We thank Mr. Potts for being here.    And finally, we will welcome Major General Barbara Holcomb, commanding general of Medical Research and Materiel Command at Fort Detrick and chief of the U.S. Army Nurse Corps. We thank Major General Holcomb for being here and providing her expertise on behalf of the biological select agents and toxins biosafety program at the Department of Defense.    Again I want to thank all of our witnesses for being here and I appreciate that. You are all aware that this committee is holding an investigative hearing, and when doing so we have the practice of taking testimony under oath. Do any of you have any objections to taking testimony under oath?    Seeing no objections, the Chair then advises all of you that under the rules of the House and the rules of the committee you are entitled to be advised by counsel. Do any of you desire to be advised by counsel? Seeing none then, in that case would you all be please rise and raise your right hand and I will swear you in.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. You are all now under oath and subject to the penalties set forth in Title 18, Section 1001 of the United States Code. We will have you each give a 5-minute opening statement starting with Dr. Persons. Make sure the microphone is on. Pull it as close as you as possible and pay attention to the timing light if it is on.    Thank you, Dr. Persons.    Dr. Persons. Will do, sir. Thank you.    Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee, I'm pleased to be here to discuss our findings in the report on inactivation issued last week. As you may know, inactivation is a process for destroying the hazardous effects of pathogens while retaining their characteristics for research as in developing vaccines. This delicate balance between eliminating a pathogen's destructive effects and preserving its attributes for study and research must be achieved with safety as a top priority.    The Federal Select Agent Program oversees many of our Nation's high containment labs jointly through the CDC and APHIS. In accordance with this committee's long-term strategic interest in the program's oversight, you asked us to begin our work before the May 2015 revelations concerning a DoD lab's unintended shipment over the course of 12 years of live Bacillus anthracis--that is, the bacterium that causes anthrax--to almost 200 laboratories worldwide. Although regulating these strategically important labs is and will remain a complex endeavor, the nature and extent of this specific challenge had not yet been anticipated when you made your request.    There are three findings from our report. As for the first, we found that the total number of incidents involving incomplete inactivation is both unknown and unknowable. While the program reported that ten incidents occurred from 2003 through 2015, GAO identified an additional 11 that the program did not initially identify. Taken together, these 21 incidents involved a variety of pathogens, labs and inactivation methods as shown in the figure before you. Because the program cannot easily identify these incidents, it does not know how often they occur or why they occur. This makes it difficult to develop guidance for mitigating future ones.    Lying behind this difficulty are, first, the fact that currently no clear and consistent definition of inactivation exists in the guidance or regulations the program and the NIH have promulgated; and second, the program's forms are currently not structured to specifically identify this type of incident. As a result, researchers regulated by the program cannot consistently identify and report these incidents, which means in turn that regulators cannot provide an accurate number of them.    Our second key finding is the three critical challenges that affect the implementation of inactivation in high containment labs. The challenges we identified are, one, the gaps in scientific knowledge; two, the limited Federal guidance on how to develop and implement inactivation protocols; and three, the inconsistent use of safeguards.    With respect to gaps in knowledge we found that scant resources are dedicated to research and to the publication of research on inactivation methods. With respect to limited guidance, we found that while inactivation protocols are often developed throughout a lab sometimes they vary within the same department, potentially increasing biosafety and/or biosecurity risk. With respect to safeguards we found among other things a general lack of cultural emphasis on safety in several labs we visited. This lack increase is the risk of human error which in turn can result in exposure to dangerous pathogens.    Our third key finding is that CDC and APHIS neither referred violations consistently to their inspector general nor consistently enforced regulations related to these incidents. For example, we found that CDC and APHIS did not use the same set of criteria for referring violations for further investigation and did not clearly document the bases for referring or not referring violations.    We found that it was not clear why some incidents were referred and enforced and others were not. For example, the program required one private and two academic labs to develop corrective action plans following incidents, but never required Federal labs to develop corrective action plans on similar occasions until the Dugway revelations in 2015. Without consistent criteria and documentation of decisions for referring violations and enforcing regulations, the program cannot ensure that its regulatory approach to overseeing high containment labs is applied consistently.    Mr. Chairman, these findings in conjunction with our work over the past decade raise serious questions about the nature, extent, and consistency of the oversight that the program provides. We have identified problems and made recommendations concerning systemic issues, including among others the lack of a strategic understanding of the nature and extent of the national need for high containment labs, the duplicative, fragmented and self-policing oversight structure, and the need for updated policies and stronger oversight.    We have recommended among other things that a single oversight entity be identified to determine, one, the number, location and mission of the labs needed to meet national goals to counter biological security threats; two, the aggregate risks associated with their proliferation; and three, the type of oversight needed.    Although some of our recommendations have been implemented, a key recommendation regarding the need for a single entity has not been addressed even while biosafety and biosecurity lapses have continued, increasing the risk of exposure to workers and the general public. In this era of rapidly emerging infectious diseases and ongoing threats to national and homeland security, the time for getting both biosafety and biosecurity right across our research enterprise is now.    Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee, this concludes my prepared remarks. I am happy to respond to any questions you may have.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Doctor. Now Dr. Sosin, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Dr. Monroe, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Dr. Davidson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Dr. Davidson.    I now recognize Mr. Potts for 5 minutes. Turn your microphone on, please, and bring it close.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Potts.    General Holcomb, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    MG Holcomb. Good afternoon, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, distinguished members of the subcommittee. Thank you for this opportunity to brief you on the DoD's actions since the last hearing on the 20th of April 2016 concerning the safe handling of biological select agents and toxins, or BSAT.    I'm the commanding general of the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command, and I am here in support of the Army Surgeon General who is the DoD Executive Agent Responsible Official for the DoD BSAT Biosafety Program. The Executive Agent Responsible Official oversees BSAT biosafety policy, technical review, and inspection guidelines across the DoD.    Today, I will briefly describe several actions the DoD accomplished since the last hearing, and also describe our plans for future validation procedures, oversight, and implementation of governance policies for biosafety. The Executive Agent Responsible Official chartered the DoD BSAT's Biosafety Program office in March of 2016 and is now establishing processes and hiring staff. This office advises the Executive Agent Responsible Official on all biosafety matters pertaining to BSAT lab operations, risks, and oversight. This office also serves as the DoD interface with regulatory agencies, ensures standardization of safety procedures, and identifies best practices to enhance biosafety across the full spectrum of DoD BSAT operations.    The Life Science Division production facility, from which the inadvertent live anthrax shipments were sent, was reassigned to the Dugway Proving Ground in the U.S. Army Edgewood Chemical Biological Center this past July. The transfer places the facility under a chain of command and direct administrative control which has a robust BSAT experienced staff assigned under the Research, Development and Engineering Command in the Army Materiel Command.    We established a BSAT Biosafety and Scientific Review Panel in February 2016. Since its establishment, this panel has met face-to-face and has conducted multiple teleconferences to review and assess biosafety concerns associated with procedures conducted at DoD BSAT laboratories, review and assess scientific evidence that supports mitigation of biosafety concerns, and provide recommendations on their acceptability for continued use or initiation of use to enhance biosafety across DoD BSAT programs.    On the 25th of July 2016, the Secretary of the Army signed the Army directive 2016-24 titled, ``Department of Defense Biological Select Agents and Toxins Biosafety Program.'' This directive establishes policy and assigns several responsibilities to applicable DoD and service activities. This directive replaces the previous Secretary of the Army BSAT moratorium with additional safeguards regarding production, handling, testing, and shipment of inactive, live and derivatives of BSAT, and also critical reagent program associated materials. However, the Deputy Secretary of Defense moratorium for inactivated anthrax remains in effect for production, handling, and shipment.    We are working on several initiatives which are intended to enhance harmonization and standardization of practices and procedures across the DoD network of laboratories. We initiated studies to better define conditions for inactivation and viability testing of BSAT, and irradiation inactivation study for anthrax is underway and is scheduled for completion in October 2016.    The BSAT Biosafety Program office is planning for a contract for the development of a quality management system focused on monitoring critical biosafety and biosecurity control points in BSAT operations at all DoD laboratories. Other initiatives include development of a joint inspection team, biosafety and scientific review of all BSAT protocols and procedures, and possible unified oversight for biosafety and biosecurity to enhance risk management for BSAT operations. My written testimony provides a description of these and other initiatives.    We value the analysis provided by the GAO. Their observations will inform DoD BSAT Biosafety Program efforts and improve oversight. The DoD is addressing our BSAT oversight of inactivation documentation, improving guidance for development and validation of inactivation protocols, and developing consistent enforcement of investigations and referrals.    We look forward to coordinating and cooperating with the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Agriculture as they respond to the GAO recommendations. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today and I am happy to answer your questions.    Mr. Murphy. I thank you, General, and thank you, panel. I now recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions. And I want to start by saying, as Ms. DeGette and Mrs. Blackburn and others in this committee have said, we have been here before. With these agencies we have seen some of these problems occur. We are hearing again you take it seriously. We hear about the number of scientists with advanced degrees, the rules of accountability, et cetera.    But this is a pretty severe threat, and we have had more cases here of anthrax and pathogens being released than we have had done by terrorists in this country. Now at this level, luckily, we have not seen somebody die from this, but it is serious and you all recognize the seriousness. But let me just start off with this important question here.    Dr. Monroe, should the CDC put out a public announcement that any lab scientist who fails to implement the policies or inactivation of dangerous pathogens is subject to personnel action?    Mr. Murphy. But I mean from the onset, the onset, employees notified. This could have been gross negligence. It could have been willful disregard, reckless endangerment, something else. Do the employees understand now the seriousness of this and that they will be held personally accountable if they do not respond to the rules you are setting forth?    Mr. Murphy. We just want to make sure. Dr. Davidson, how about within the USDA and APHIS?    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Potts, how about NIH? Has it clearly been stated to the employees there?    Mr. Murphy. That is better. General Holcomb.    MG Holcomb. DoD scientists authorized to work with Tier 1 BSAT are required to be enrolled in a biological personnel reliability program. Failure to comply with applicable regulations and policies are grounds for disqualification from the personnel reliability program and the privilege to work with Tier 1 BSAT agents.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I appreciate that. That is the kind of clear message I think we need to hear, and I appreciate the Army standing up and doing that because there can't be any ifs, ands, or buts on that. There can't be anything. We are here as a committee to protect the safety of our country and you too. And so we don't want to hear anymore equivocating on this because where there is a tiny bit of leeway here, it is a problem.    Look, we all understand. We know people make mistakes. But when we have heard time and time again everything from what, we have heard refrigerators left unlocked, people coming in with the same passkey, people putting things through Ziploc bags. The messes continue and we are just not really clear yet and convinced that things are taking place.    Dr. Sosin and Dr. Davidson, so your agencies are in agreement with the GAO recommendations but it still comes down to it. Help us understand, why do we trust you? Why should we trust you now? What is different in this culture?    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Davidson.    Mr. Murphy. Well, let me ask one of those areas. So the GAO report said that there needed to be specific coding and tracks on reports. Is this issue solved now, Dr. Sosin?    Mr. Murphy. With regard to the specific coding to track reports of the inactivation cases. Is there a specific way, do you have that in concrete now?    Mr. Murphy. OK. Dr. Davidson, do you have that concretely set up now?    Mr. Murphy. I have only got a few seconds. Mr. Potts, do you have that concrete, specifically set up now when there is an inactivation case, clear reporting set up?    Mr. Murphy. And General Holcomb, you have that too?    MG Holcomb. Yes, we do.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I am out of time. I recognize Ms. DeGette.    Mr. Murphy. I recognize the gentleman from New York, Mr. Collins.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Ms. Castor, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Ms. Brooks, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentlelady yields back. I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentleman yields back. I just want to make a clarification. We are going to have some Members who are going to want to have questions for afterwards, too, and I also want to make sure we have unanimous consent to put two letters of the FDA and NIH into the record. Without objection, we will have that.    Mr. Murphy. One of the things I want to note too, and Mr. Collins had brought this up briefly. Do you have protocol for the non-select agents then and when you deactivate those, so whether it is tuberculosis, Zika, things like that, do you have protocols now for deactivation? Does CDC have the protocols in?    Mr. Murphy. But those with the non-select agents, for the non-select agents?    Mr. Murphy. And DoD, you have protocols now for non-select agents then also for some of those other diseases?    MG Holcomb. We do, and we also have an interagency, intergovernmental panel that is reviewing all the protocols to make sure that they're consistent and make sense based on scientific evidence over.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, then. I just want to say that in conclusion I want to thank all our panelists for being here today. And then recognize the members have, again if they have other questions they will submit them and we ask that you all respond to them fairly quickly. We thank the panel. We thank you for the progress here. We hope you don't have to come back again. We don't want to hear about any other incidents. Please convey to all of your employees the seriousness of which this issue is out there. And with that, this hearing is adjourned.