    Ms. Ellmers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to our panel. I'm going to follow up on the gentleman's line of questioning because I was going to ask about nominal risk and how we should be best defining and in your opinion--and this is going to go to the entire panel--on some more of this discussion because I think this is very, very important, especially for individual physician practices.    You know, we sometimes take the hospital setting which, obviously, has a little bit more ability to incorporate and utilize those resources for a better product where our physician practices, you know, really have minimal resources to dedicate.    So, one, you know, and it goes into the discussion of interoperability. That has to be part of what is considered in that risk as well, I believe.    So I look at risk as how are we able to better empower our physician offices to be able to--to have that ability to share information, one, the infrastructure itself, the HIT--the health records themselves and establishing the personnel.    And this is kind of that conversation that we've been having now for a couple of years and the promises that were made initially that, you know, we were just going to go through this learning curve and everyone was going to be in a better place obviously has not taken place yet and it's very difficult for our physician offices, especially with all of the other rules, regulations, changes in health care that have taken place.    So I guess I just want to hear a little bit more conversation from all of you on what we do need to be doing here in Congress to help all those things, especially when it comes to the interoperability.    How can we help physician offices to be able to have that knowledge on that patient when they come to the office after being seen in the emergency room? How can we make sure that that information is being shared and how can we better help our physicians to incorporate that as the risk that they're assessing?    Ms. Ellmers. All right. Thank you.    Ms. Ellmers. Right. Absolutely. And I do want to add to your comment about, for instance, patients with cancer and, you know, the smaller practice because I know that, you know, CMS is proposing some more changes to Medicare Part B drug reimbursement and that is going to play in--and just there again if you don't mind commenting.    I didn't really want to go into that aspect of this because it kind of gets into the weeds. But how do you think that plays into this conversation that we're having today? Do you agree that it'll become more difficult I guess is what I'm asking.    Ms. Ellmers. And we will follow up with you on that. Thank you.    Ms. Ellmers. Dr. Bailet.    Ms. Ellmers. Well, I just thank you so much and we went way over and I ask apology from the chairman. But thank you and thank you to the panel.