    Mr. Royce. Good to see you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Royce. Well, thank you. I thank our chairman emeritus here.    And, Secretary Patterson, it is good to see you again.    Let me ask, since that issue was the one you were speaking on, and Mr. Deutch and I have had some discussions about this as well, and you have really led on this issue: What concerns us is twofold. It is not just that for some years now you have a system where, basically, there has been an inducement to pay human assassins to seek out innocent people and kill them. And then, a stipend is given for the time that those individuals serve in custody for their crime, and that stipend is dependent upon the severity of their crime. In other words, the amount per month paid into the fund or going to the family is dependent upon how heinous the crime, how many victims. In addition, if it is bad enough, you serve enough time, then you are automatically given a position in a Palestinian Authority once you get out. That was the old system.    Now you were before the committee before and were asked about this. At the time you indicated, well, that is being--what were your words at the time?--I think ``phased out'' or something, words to that effect, and that we should give them more time because they are phasing it out.    Let me just share for you and for the committee members here, Mr. Deutch and others, what we have observed since then. And that is that this process is not only continuing, but rather than the PA make the stipend directly out of the budget, what they have instead done is go to the PLO budget and make a transfer to the PLO for a sum. Let's say the original budgeted item for assistance with the Palestinian Authority's prison funding was $8 million. Suddenly, it goes up. Suddenly, it goes up to $140 million. Well, the difference is the sum taken off of the books of the PA, but it is in the same building. The PA Ministry of Prison Adjudication, or whatever, is the same ministry as the PLO. As a matter of fact, it is the same minister. I believe you will find that to be the case.    So, in fact, they weren't phasing it out. What they were simply doing was transferring the entire sum over to the PLO, so that that payment could continue to be made. And I think we should understand that, besides the fact that the donor community is paying into the Palestinian Authority and the end result is to create a system to recruit human beings to carry out attacks and, then, serve their time and be rewarded with a stipend not just for the family, but a retirement afterwards and a job in the Palestinian Authority if it is egregious enough. These are real concerns about how we prepare people to put the foundation down for peace.    Second, I want the Europeans to know what is going on, and you are going to have the opportunity to dialog with Europe about this and other problems. As I shared with Dr. Abbas and Mr. Deutch shared as well, when we were there talking with him about the issue of incitement, it is very, very important that the right foundation be laid for preparing future generations of young Palestinians and young Israelis to live in peace. And surely a system which tries to recruit more girls to do killing because you get an additional stipend if you are a girl or there is a stipend upon a stipend if you are an Israeli and commit an act against another Israeli--this is a very perverse creation, unbelievably perverse. And I would like your response there.    Second, how did you mean that to be taken by us at the time, by the committee, when you said they are phasing this out? Did you know that they were going to simply transfer this to the PLO, and in that sense they were phasing it off their books, but they weren't phasing it out? They were simply disguising the funding. I wanted to ask you about that.    Mr. Royce. Ambassador, the donor community is helping the Palestinian Authority basically pay people to slay other people. So, here is my point: I want us to use our considerable leverage to end that practice. And second, I would really like the European community, in our dialog with them, to fully comprehend what is going on in this process of the inducements of paying people to get them to go out and slay other human beings. Can you do that? Can you assure us----    Mr. Royce . That both of those----    Mr. Royce . Will be at the top of your agenda, conveying that? So that, when the European delegations come in, they will be asking me as well, ``What are we doing as Members of Congress to end this practice?''    Mr. Royce. Yes, but the reality is that the donor community is coming together internationally to fund the Palestinian Authority. Our hope had always been that this would be used for a certain type of textbooks, to actually teach kids in education, instead of how to hate; for a certain kind of broadcasting that would be inclusive, that would maybe be about political tolerance and about, oh, you know, religious tolerance and laying the foundation for peace. And that, also, in terms of the prison system, it might be about rehabilitation instead of creating a system where you are encouraging additional people to go out and commit murder in order later in life to get a position of high authority in the Palestinian Authority itself.    And so, since the donor community is putting money into that pot in order, in one way or the other, to help the Palestinian people, regardless of how we perceive it, we have to use our leverage to cut this out. And now is the time to do it, and now is the time to have this dialog, because they just upped the ante basically by now paying people an additional--an additional--stipend if you commit crimes within Israel, within the borders of Israel.    I know they don't recognize borders because I asked Mr. Abbas that very question. Mr. Deutch will remember I asked him, ``By the way, where is Israel on your map?'' when we were discussing incitement. And he said, ``Where is your map? Show me your map.''    Here is the point: We, the donor community, are putting the money in. Let's make sure that it goes to the next generation of young Palestinians having an attitude of wanting to have peace, wanting to negotiate with Israelis, and wanting to do something other than wipe them off the map or slay them. And that is my point.    Mr. Royce. Thank you. Thank you, Secretary Patterson.    Mr. Royce. Well, actually, I am a member of the committee, too.    Mr. Royce. But I appreciate your forbearance. I appreciate the forbearance.    Mr. Royce. Yes.    Mr. Royce. No, no, I yield back, Madam Chairman.