    Ms. Scott Morton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Members and Members of the Committee, for the invitation to testify today. I am a professor of economics at Yale, I am a former chief economist at the Department of Justice Antitrust Division, and I have worked on a number of ITC cases. The basic problem here is----    Ms. Scott Morton. Is that better?    Ms. Scott Morton. Okay. The basic problem here is that the ITC duplicates the function of the Federal courts with a different process that gives patent holders power in excess of the value of their intellectual property. That power is used to extract money from implementers. As the Chairman noted earlier, this is mostly a U.S.-on-U.S. problem. Companies like Acacia or InterDigital or Kodak against Apple or Dell or Microsoft, and this is because, of course, we manufacture so many components outside the United States, we necessarily are importing them. However, these are not trade disputes.    The problem that I see with the ITC is not the problem of trade disputes. Trade disputes, I think, is a very legitimate issue. It has been covered by other people. There is nothing wrong with that. But the intellectual property leverage here that the ITC gives creates a distortion in U.S. contractual negotiations over intellectual property royalties.    The incentive created by the duplicative but favorable court creates forum shopping, and a lot of business for the ITC. We have heard some data today that suggest that this is going down. I would say that if you count these cases by both the number of companies involved, and also by whether the patent holder is interested in money damages, rather than whether they fall in a narrow bucket called an NPE or a PAE, you would get a much larger number.    So I am talking about cases where it is not that I have a widget and you have a widget and I need to block yours because I am trying to sell mine, but rather I have intellectual property that I would like to monetize, regardless of whether I have some widgets in another area that is for sale or not, okay?    So these cases could be pursued in Federal court, and we would get an answer that there that was fair and guided by the Supreme Court. Note that the business model of licensing does not actually want an injunction. If I am licensing, I need you to sell in order to take a fraction of your revenue as income for me. So I do not actually want the injunction, I want leverage, as Mr. Thorne said. And I get less leverage in Federal court because it is harder to get an injunction.    Why is the injunction so useful? It is a huge threat. Suppose my royalty ask is 50 cents on a $600 device? The risk of exclusion is like a $600 royalty. You cannot sell your device. So the correct royalty you would get in Federal court might be two cents, but I may be willing to settle for 50 cents because I do not like the risk of losing the whole $600 on my device.    So the injunction in Federal court is only given when money damages are inadequate, and that is rare. And at the ITC, this injunction threat is much easier to get, and so monetizers prefer the ITC. This is not about trade. It is about duplicative forum shopping in royalty negotiations. This is particularly a problem with standard essential patents, as I focus on in my written testimony.    These standard essential patents are patents that are part of a standard, such as LTE. And in order to make a compliant product, such as a phone that works, you must infringe that patent. The owner of that patent has agreed voluntarily to charge a friend royalty--fair, reasonable, and nondiscriminatory; so that means that they are in the business of collecting money. They are licensing their intellectual property. An injunction, again, is not, at the end of the day, what they want.    So these patents are ripe for abuse at the ITC because there is no way to avoid using them, and the injunction, again, gives the owner a very powerful threat. If the implementer is not participating in the Federal court system, and we have a trade issue, that is one thing.    But I think most of these cases are actually--as previously noted, two-thirds of them are already ongoing in the Federal courts; and the courts do very well with regular royalty disputes.    So my policy concern and recommendation is that I think we need to eliminate ITC jurisdiction over licensing disputes that can safely go to Federal court. This is, as you pointed out, you know, the duplication is a waste of everybody's effort and resources, and we would get the right answer in Federal court.    So I hear today also some attention and--to the process reforms at the ITC, as if those would be a solution. We have a 100-day process. We have a domestic industry test. These process reforms are a poor substitute for getting rid of the incentive in the first place. Process is not going to work if you have a determined complainant who has got money that they see that they can get. If you eliminate the incentive to go to the ITC in the first place, then you do not have to worry so much about process.    So I really do not think the process reforms will do the job. Thank you very much.    Ms. Scott Morton. I am not going to comment on the law, because that is not my area of expertise, but----    Ms. Scott Morton. It is a great tool when you have actual trade disputes where you have an infringing thing that is coming in where you cannot go to Federal court and get money. I think when you have these cases--a lot of the problem here has arisen because we have many products now that infringe on thousands and thousands of patents. Your average device, set top box or handset or whatever, reacts on thousands and thousands of patents.    So the example I gave before of the $600 device and a two-cent royalty, is very often the case. And what the ITC is doing is essentially imposing a $600 royalty with an exclusion order, and I do not think that is right.    Ms. Scott Morton. Exactly.    Ms. Scott Morton. Sure. I would rather actually speak just generally about the features of the cases that would lead to that.    Ms. Scott Morton. So why? Let's take a standard essential patent example, as Mr. Thorne just described--there the license--the holder of the patent has already agreed that it wants money. So if there is a dispute over how much money, that is properly dealt with in the district court, and we do not want consumers to suffer the loss of that product from the store shelves or the implementers to face a loss of business, because really you are just arguing over whether it is 2 cents, 3 cents, or 10 cents.    Ms. Scott Morton. The court can award interest, can award any kind of compensation to the holder of the patent that it deems to be fair.    Ms. Scott Morton. At the end of the litigation, you have an answer.    Ms. Scott Morton. Yep, we go through the whole process. We get an answer. What is the damage? What is the fair royalty? What is the appropriate payment to make? The owner of the patent whole, now that we know it is a valid patent, infringed, and here is how much it is worth.    Ms. Scott Morton. It is not the same concern that you have with a merger, because it is not the case that the two firms are getting together. But there is consumer harm. Where does the consumer harm come from? Well, as I said, let's say we have a $600 device and the owner of the patent asks for 50 cents in royalty and should be paying only--should be getting only two cents. That extra 48 cents is passed on to the consumer.    Some fraction of that is passed on to the consumer. Let's assume there are 20, 50 firms all engaging patent holders, all engaging in this behavior. The price of that product will be higher. The consumer will be harmed. There is going to be less incentive to make that product better and include more features, if that is going to attract more people suing you at the ITC. So it does create consumer harm. It is the problem I wrote about in my testimony, hold-up, and it is of concern. The tech industry is a very important American industry, and it is being harmed by these patent assertion entities that are extracting profits from implementers way in excess of the value of their technology.    Ms. Scott Morton. Yeah, thank you. The issue of stopping the ITC from excluding a product does not create disincentives for innovation. A party that has a great patent can go to Federal court and explain why their patent is great and get a fair return on that innovation. What the ITC allows that party to do is get, as John just said, the whole value of the phone, which is not the value of the battery-saving patent. You want them to be able to go to a judge and explicitly explain what the value of the battery-saving patent is and get paid for that. And that then stimulates innovation that we want in all sorts of features like batteries.    Ms. Scott Morton. Yeah, I generally agree with you. I do not see the reason for the ITC to go in this direction. I wanted to make one other comment that is a little bit related to your first point, which is I think there is been some attention in this hearing to NPEs. And that is a narrow definition. That is a definition that is a party that does not make anything. Suppose you change the process at the ITC to make it hard for NPEs. What would they do? They would sell their patents to somebody who makes something.    Ms. Scott Morton. Yeah, right.    Ms. Scott Morton. And so what we are really worried about is patent assertion.    Ms. Scott Morton. Patent assertion for more than the patent is worth, whoever owns it.    Ms. Scott Morton. And if you went and used that definition with the ITC docket, you would get a very large number.    Ms. Scott Morton. But an NPE is not the same as a PAE, okay? And a non-practicing entity does not sell anything that is a widget. It just sells intellectual property. A patent assertion entity might be asserting patents and also have other businesses. But I think that the--this is a narrow definition that Mr. Thorne is putting forward. The problem is probably bigger than that.    Ms. Scott Morton. I just wanted to point out that a patent assertion entity seeking money for its intellectual property need not be a frivolous lawsuit. So I do not think that these parties who would like to be monetized for legitimate intellectual property are doing anything wrong by seeking monetization. I think they should seek it in Federal court so that they get the correct number. So it does not mean that the patent is frivolous or that the--or seeking of royalties is frivolous. Just want to make that----