    Mr. Concannon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Since time is short, I will highlight a few key points, but I ask the Committee to review my full written statement.    As the economic recovery continues to strengthen, we remain acutely conscious of the impact of nutrition programs in the lives of Americans and supporting institutions, such as schools, volunteer organizations, and the health care system.    The program works through partnerships in communities across the country with national standards for eligibility and benefits, but considerable state and local flexibility, a combination that is critical to success. These successes also reflect a partnership between Congress and Administrations of both parties that we must continue.    President Nixon established the Food Nutrition Service. Senators Dole and McGovern, with others on both parties, fought for food stamps and WIC in the 1970s. And Members of this Committee from both parties championed the Agricultural Act of 2014.    When I travel, I visit not just government offices, but schools, food banks, WIC clinics, and employment programs to see firsthand how services are delivered and who receives them. The Committee's informative and useful hearings on SNAP, chaired by Congresswoman Walorski, have affirmed, through the testimony of most witnesses, the program's value in the lives of Americans aligning with the positive impacts I see on the ground. Let me briefly outline a few.    As SNAP provides needed food assistance, it lifts millions of people out of poverty and lessens poverty's impact on food insecurity effects supported by research. And while SNAP has not solved food insecurity, it has contributed to its decline between 2011 and 2014.    SNAP also supports work. I rely on my experience as a State Commissioner overseeing food stamps and other safety net programs in three states, but the statistics confirm it too. Today, 31 percent of households, including 42 percent of recipients, have earnings--a major shift from 20 years ago.    SNAP requires able-bodied adults to register for work, deducts part of their earned income to incentivize work and lessens the benefit cliff and helps recipients get jobs. We all agree that meaningful work is the right way to reduce demand on nutrition assistance, and strengthening this part of SNAP is a priority.    Our new Office of Employment and Training is reenergizing SNAP E&T to help recipients get good-paying jobs. We promote fuller E&T efforts in meetings with states, urging engagement with organizations such as Goodwill, food banks, and job centers. And the farm bill E&T pilots will help us define and scale up the most effective strategies.    Nutrition is the link between agriculture and health, and USDA Foods, formerly called USDA Commodities, support both good diets and our nation's farmers, who have reduced sodium, fat, and added sugars in the products we buy, increase the variety of fruits and vegetables available.    Though I am pleased by these results, I know we can do more. We have refocused SNAP on evidence-based nutrition and healthy weight strategies, including farm bill authorized efforts to expand and test incentives to encourage healthier food choices.    We have brought more farmers' markets into SNAP--a win-win for farmers and SNAP recipients. As of July, more than 6,400 farmers' markets and farmers are SNAP authorized--a seven-fold increase since 2008. The farm bill authorized pilots to use USDA food funds flexibly to enhance schools' ability to buy locally.    Our Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion choose MyPlate Resources are widely used by dietitians and recognized by American consumers. The center develops the USDA food plans, tracks the nutrient content of U.S. food supply, and produces the annual Cost of Raising a Child report.    We are working with the Department of Health and Human Services on the next addition of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, which will remain within our mandate to quote ``provide nutrition and dietary information and guidelines based on the preponderance of the scientific and medical knowledge.'' In the future, the 2020 Guidelines will include guidance for infants, babies, and women who are pregnant or breastfeeding.    Public trust demands our ongoing commitment to improve integrity. We must also stop the unfortunate misinformation that these programs are rife with abuse. This too undermines public trust and does nothing to help Americans. SNAP's 2014 payment accuracy rate is one of the best in the government, but any improper payment is too much so we must continue to improve. Trafficking the sale of benefits for cash has been reduced from four percent down to 1.3 percent. Again, we are not satisfied. We continue to push states on that issue.    We recently reorganized and created a retail operations division that focuses on high risk areas around the country while enhancing customer service. Last year, we permanently disqualified 1,400 stores or storeowners, the most ever in 1 year. New rules will stiffen penalties on those who try to exploit the program. But most people follow the rules. We work closely with our state partners to fight recipient fraud.    Let me turn briefly to disaster nutrition assistance, not one of our larger functions, but a critical one, especially these days. I received a report yesterday on the fires out West. Over the past month, we have been very much involved helping people out in the CNMI, Congressman Sablan's area, where, again, they were affected by a terrible set of storms. So it is important to know that we have that capacity as well.    While I have discussed the major farm bill authorized programs, my written statement includes results and priorities for nutrition programs authorized through other laws. I thank you for your time and attention and the opportunity to appear before you today.    Mr. Concannon. That is correct on both fronts, particularly that last one. Let me mention that 42 states avail themselves of categorical eligibility status. It simplifies the process for states and reduces the number of errors.    The principal benefit to consumers, as well as to state agencies, is states have the option of disregarding the assets. The household must still meet the income test, but their assets are set aside. And the underlying rationale for that was, particularly during the recession, to not force families to exhaust their household resources while they might be unemployed or going through a difficult period.    But I also should point out that historically--and I reflect on this in my own time as a state director--the area of eligibility determination most fraught with errors or mistakes is when state staff try to assess the value of certain assets. So it has actually contributed to the reduction in payment error rates as a result, but its ultimately benefit is it does simplify the process, it gives us better assurance of, in fact, the eligibility of the person, and it is an option that states have under law.    Mr. Concannon. To the first question, the numbers are down by two million people from what I call a high water mark. They have gone down at the rate of about a million a year. I think most forecasts we predicted continued to be reduced. And I believe the latest forecast that I have seen shows by 2020 it would be in the high 39+ million individuals across the country.    On the question of the program integrity, meaning, one, are people who apply for the program, in fact, who they say they are and is their income properly reported, are they receiving the proper benefit, we have one of the lowest rates of payment error rates in the Federal Government.    And on the question of fraud, the most serious abuse of the program in my view is trafficking the sale of benefits. We are very focused on that. That is 1.3 percent of the benefits. So a small percentage. But, in fact, when you apply that 1.3 percent, it is a large amount of money. So I don't minimize it in any way. I am very focused on it.    Ms. Rowe and her staff are very much focused on it. And we have been using and increasing not just the undercover people across the country, but data analytics where we look at the transaction amounts and the time of day and where the consumer lives versus the store. And as I mentioned, last year we took out 1,400 stores permanently. Those owners are out for a lifetime, a number of them have been prosecuted, but even if they weren't prosecuted they are out of the program for a lifetime.    Mr. Concannon. If I might jump in on that, we promote something with state agencies across the country that we refer to as business process reengineering, BPR, where we help pay for that--small consulting groups that come in and try to simplify the process so that they will actually put on a board literally every step of the way when a consumer comes in the front door. And the idea behind it is to cut down on some of the bureaucratic steps that are involved.    We have a program or a budget item that has been authorized, and relatively small by national standards, but it is referred to as a state exchange. When a state runs into a problem and we are aware of a state, let's say Colorado or a state up in the Northeast, we can either bring the staff from the state agency in that state to Mississippi or to a state that is struggling with it, or conversely put people on a plane from that state and bring them up and say this is how it is done.    The state exchange is one of the most powerful tools that we have. And states I know appreciate that because often state budgets don't allow people to travel. They may just have a broad prohibition against travel out of state. And we think it is important for them to see this is how it is done effectively.    Mr. Concannon. Business process reengineering.    Mr. Concannon. Let me say I agree with you. I think in the food banks, the food pantries, that testimony may have come before the Subcommittee, but food banks across the country, food pantries, my wife volunteers at one at a church here in the District, toward the end of the month the numbers who come in for those suppers go way up because people, whether they are working or on fixed incomes, they run out of money. So that is a fact of life that we are very mindful of.    On the question of block grants, to me, the most powerful evidence about the inadequacy of it at times of real change in the American economy, is what has occurred in the TANF or cash assistance program. For many years, I was a State Health and Human Services Commissioner. For most of those years when it was either called food stamps or later called the SNAP program, in the early years of SNAP about 30 percent of the households who were receiving food stamp benefits were also receiving cash assistance through the TANF program.    Now we have on the current SNAP caseload, the percentage of households receiving cash benefits is in the single digit. It is six or seven percent. Even though we have just gone through from 2008 to 2010 or 2011, you pick your years, the deepest recession since the Great Depression of the last century, and that is what accounts for the fact that even though Congress in 2008 changed the name of the food stamp program to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program purposefully to say it should supplement, it should not be the only source of benefit, some 22 percent of the households now on SNAP have no other source of income whatsoever.    So I have a real worry about the inability of block grants to respond to whether it is a natural disaster or a deep dive in the economy.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Thompson, for 4 minutes.    Mr. Concannon. Why don't I jump in on that as well. A significant increase as well is the focus on employment and training. As was mentioned earlier, during the downturn in the recession, 40+ states were granted waivers around employment and training. In addition to what the farm bill or the Agricultural Act of 2014 provided to us, when I go out or when we go out to meet with states we urge them to do more on the employment and training side.    And they get two categories of grants from us. They get 100 percent Federal funding, about $90 million nationally, and then they get several hundred million more. But that several hundred million more that is matched with state funds goes to roughly 10 or 11 states.    There are a handful of states that are very active in employment and training. The other states are not on the playing field so to speak. And so we have been very focused on urging those other states to say, look, there are opportunities in your state to help people. I am very mindful--it has come to my attention in a number of ways over the last year--we have people who have come out of the correctional system. And because they are not bondable or because they committed a felony maybe when they were 19 years of age they have trouble getting into the workforce.    And so we have said to state agencies, you should use some of that employment and training money for folks who are in the SNAP program to say, what else can we do to help you with truck driver training or training in the food industry? Help them actually get into the economy in a constructive way.    Mr. Concannon. I am familiar with the prohibition. And, unfortunately, that goes back to a law that was passed way back by Congress that said if you have a felony drug arrest you are not eligible for the, what was then the food stamp, now SNAP program, unless your state legislature takes an affirmative vote to overcome that.    Now, 23 states across the country, the legislature, for example, Maryland near here and the District of Columbia would be two examples, they have taken votes to say, okay, you are still eligible if you meet the other income eligibility requirements.    But Virginia, next door to us, if you have that same history, you are not eligible. So it depends. It is the state legislature that could pass a law that says we will affirmatively allow persons with prior felony drug arrests to participate. The State of Texas, I am not familiar with the details of it, but the legislature in Texas, just within the last month, has taken steps to allow certain prior felons with drug arrests----    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. If I may, I just kind of wanted a yes or no, if I could, on that.    But I am from Georgia, and I will look into the state law with regard to that. I assume that they could say if after 5 years you haven't had another arrest or something along those lines then----    Mr. Concannon. The state legislature would have to approve it, but they could do that.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. So my state is one of ten who received the SNAP pilot and just a couple quick questions on that. How are you working with the states on that, and what is your expectation, and when will we start to hear more about the actual implementation, and are some states further along than others. If you could just speak generally to that issue, I would appreciate it.    Mr. Concannon. Yes, indeed. The pilots are, as Congress directed us, are diverse in terms of they are from different parts of the country. Some are work attachment right away. Some are more fuller assessments. Some are mandatory. Some are voluntarily. So there are a variety of strategies and approaches. We have hired through competitive process the top policy groups, research groups, in the country on outcomes, because at the end of the day, all of us, you want to know, we want to know, what works best. We are working with those states right now as they are gearing up to get their program set up. We expect by November, all ten of the projects will be established, and they will, because it is a, it requires a control group as well an experimental group. I mean, it is going to be the strongest science, and the full-scale implementation of it starts in the spring. We are very much in dialogue and contact with the states.    Now, apart from the pilot projects, states like Georgia can be doing even more in the traditional employment training program, and that is where I urge them to say you can talk to, like, Goodwill Industries. You can talk to Lutheran Services if it is in your area. The food banks themselves are doing a lot of training. I was at one in Albuquerque where they are training people for long distance truck driving because there is a shortage of truck drivers in that part of the country.    So you don't even have to wait for the full stepping on the gas of those ten projects. You can do more, and we are more than happy to work with states. We keep bringing this up to them to say do more on the training E&T, or the employment and training side.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you all for your service. I think the key is finding that balance and access and integrity in this program as in any of the programs that we have. And with that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield the remaining 46 seconds that I don't have.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has already expired. Mr. Yoho has graciously allowed Mrs. Walorski to go next, so Mrs. Walorski is recognized for 4 minutes, Chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Nutrition.    Mr. Concannon. Just the increase, which was significant, about \2/3\, the way we generally characterize it, \2/3\ of it was directly attributable to what was going on in the economy; and about \1/3\ of it was associated with states simplifying the process, places like California, where if you move from one county to another, you had to reapply all over again. It was like moving from one state to another. So we got rid of some of those barriers in that regard. That accounts for about \1/3\. Two-thirds are really, to your point and your question, associated with the jobs.    I mentioned that in my testimony, that, again, my own experience that for all those years, we have a 50 percent increase right now, from 20+ percent of the households in the food stamp era that had earnings, to now over 30 percent that involves over 42 percent of the recipients. So we have a much higher rate of people with earnings. You say how can this be, then, that we still have them on the program? It is that they are either part-time jobs, or they are in the lowest quartile. They are very poorly paid.    And it is a challenge. That is part of our effort in employment and training to say what can we do to help position people so they can move up in the workforce? I remember this from my state days, the old dictum that he or she who has a job is more likely to be the person to get a job. So how can we help people move up?    Mr. Concannon. It is partly, it is multiple use of EBT cards. And mainly what I was talking about was trafficking, that is when I sell my card.    Mr. Concannon. They might through USAID. They can't get EBT cards.    Mr. Concannon. Unfortunately it wouldn't, because it takes two to tango, as I described it; and these are fraudulent store owners who then would, they are indifferent to whether your picture is on the card. They know perfectly well if they are trafficking in cards. They don't care who owned the card.    Mr. Concannon. For a lifetime.    Mr. Concannon. Yes, they can. Again, there are two, this is the traditional, what I call the core employment and training program. States across the country receive $90 million and 100 percent state money. If I recall now, and I will have to confirm this, but I believe the State of Georgia received about $3 million, or $3.5 million, and 100 percent Federal money on E&T. But then over and above that, they can go to Goodwill Industries--I often point them in that direction--or Lutheran Services, Catholic Charities, the agencies in the area, and to the extent, it can't be--volunteer time can't be appropriated, but if they have paid staff time that is being used to train staff recipients, that--50 percent of that can be matched.    And I have seen examples of it. I mentioned the example in the Albuquerque food bank that I was at probably 8 weeks ago, where they are training long distance truck drivers because that is the shortage in the State of New Mexico.    Mr. Concannon. Every time I meet with them, I pitch that to say there is an opportunity for you.    Mr. Concannon. Thank you very much, both Members. We have a major opportunity in that regard called SNAP Ed, or it is nutrition education. To the Member's comments, we are in the middle of a crisis in this country in terms of public health with the problems of obesity; and it translates into work opportunities, or a lack thereof, health care costs, quality of life. So we are very focused on that, and we promote something called MyPlate, not only in schools, but in food banks, in the farmers' markets where we are encouraging them, but we have also let, in the last year, a contract with the Duke University and UNC Chapel Hill to use the research of behavioral economists. We have a lot of nutritionists with us. We have tremendous nutrition capacity and potency. We know a lot less about what actually motivates somebody to reach for a certain product in the store.    So we are very focused on saying what else can we learn that actually influences people to more consistently buy healthier foods? Some of it obviously relates to where you live. I live in the D.C. area out in the Maryland suburbs where there are a lot of supermarkets around me, but on the other side of the Anacostia River here, there is probably one supermarket. So where you live makes a difference, rural or urban; but we need to do a better job, and we are focused on trying to say what else can we do to educate people. And we are hopeful that what we are doing in schools, and in Georgia by the way--I was just in Savannah--is doing great work in the schools to promote healthier eating. And my hope and expectation is these school students as they grow up into adulthood, will have been socialized to eat healthier, and that is one of the best things we can do.    Mr. Concannon. Exactly. I appreciate the question. As I mentioned earlier, to me the most serious--first of all, states and counties where they administer it, pay special attention on the front end. So the USAID reference that was made here, that just isn't the case. You have to be a U.S. citizen and you have to prove it in a variety of ways. We don't have anything near that in terms of fake people showing up and getting SNAP benefits. My concern is on the other end. Once they get the card, we have this 1.3 percent of trafficking. It takes as I say, two to tango. These are stores, mostly small stores, rarely, rarely a supermarket. These are small stores.    Thankfully in the farm bill that you passed, you gave us more authority to increase the requirement on those small stores in terms of their food variety, because I am hopeful that it will result in fewer of those stores that have the ads of liquor, cigarettes, and something else. That is where our problems come in so many cases.    One, we are very focused on data analytics. We have undercover people, but we catch most of those stores by looking at redemption data electronically. We are much more astute that way. We also have hired a consulting group, Accenture. We have sent them around to states to say we took out these stores last year. Now we want you to analyze the actual redemption data to see what are some of the associations. One of the associations we found, for example, in the first state we went to was multiple cards. If I am in a household and I keep calling the state saying I have lost my card, our alert goes up to say wait a minute, what is going on here?    Another would be redemption amounts late at night in round figures. I don't want to say too many of the variables and tip people off, but there are ways to identify, we are redeploying, as Audrey Rowe mentioned, redeploying our people into the high-risk places in the country. As I mentioned, the chair picked up as well, when you traffick, sell benefits, you as a store or a store owner, you are out for a lifetime.    Mr. Concannon. That is 1.3 of about $75 billion, so it is close to $1 billion a year.    Mr. Concannon. Typically what happens, we refer to it as trafficking. In other words, let's say I had $100 benefit on this card. I go to the store and either I tell the store owner that I have $100 on this card. If you will give me $50 in cash, I will give you my card, or you can run the card as though I bought $100 in food here. That is referred to as trafficking. That never literally does not happen \2/10\ of 1 percent times in supermarkets. There is too much at risk. It happens in more than 96 or 97 percent of the cases in small stores. It is a minority of those small stores, but that is where we go after them.    And I have been meeting with states to say we are taking stores out, that I referenced it earlier, 1,400 stores permanently out last year, over 10,000 stores in the last 10 years permanently out of the program. I have said to states, when we take a store out, you need to go back through the redemption history in that store for the previous 6 months. Now, not everybody who redeemed benefits there is trafficking, but you need to look at that in order to get the other side of the equation here.    Mr. Concannon. We are very committed to that. I just met with the National Association of Farmers Markets when I was down in Savannah, Georgia here, just within the last week at their national meeting. As I mentioned in my testimony, we are up to 6,400 farmers' markets, direct marketing farmers. We still have a ways to go. On record, there are like 8,300 or 8,400 farmers' markets across the country. We have been working with them to keep up with technology. We provided the technology devices to close to 2,000 of those markets, but there is also, as you know, a monthly charge, processing fees.    So we are very much engaged with them to say are there less expensive ways to meet that processing charge for the farmers' markets, and we have simplified the application process for them. When we first started here 6 years, 7 years ago, farmers' markets had to fill in the same application as a supermarket; and they are a lot less formal.    These are growers, farmers. They don't have the time for that. We simplified that. So we are very committed to it because it speaks to an earlier question. We believe farmers' markets are a way to nudge people into healthier eating, but also keeps those dollars in the local economy. That is important to us.    Mr. Concannon. I am happy to receive the question. As I mentioned in my testimony, when I travel out to states, I always try to go to a school. I just did down in Savannah within the last 10 days. And I do so because it is the best part of the job, but also to see how kids are doing and to talk to teachers. There are real challenges in the meal pattern because remember, it is the first time there are menu changes, science-based, in more than almost 2 decades, so it represented a big change; and I don't, in any way, underestimate the challenge it is, and particularly so for children coming into the school system, especially older kids. High school kids, in the best of times, may be challenging around diet.    But we have been working consistently with schools to say what else can we do to help you? Ninety-five percent of American schools are meeting these new standards. We are not satisfied with that in this sense. We know that it is a challenge for school food service personnel, so we have a number of programs. One we have something called Team Up, where we worked with the University of Mississippi with their resource staff, but we brought school systems together with those schools that are successfully implementing, pair them up with a similarly-sized school where they are struggling to say this is what we are doing to make sure that the kids are consuming those foods, because having a healthy menu is only part of it. We want to make sure it is consumed.    The second area that we are working on is we have a group up at Cornell University in New York, in Ithaca, that is working on what they call the Healthy Lunchroom and where they recommend to schools, they are in about 30,000 schools across the U.S. It is free to the school or to the school system. They have a whole set of ideas, low-cost ideas, that can result in students more likely consuming the food. As an example, with younger children, one of my favorite aspects, and I have seen it all over the country, they add an adjective or a noun. So they will say championship carrots, X-ray vision carrots. They add words, and young kids see that and they think, man, this is for me.    Mr. Concannon. But the idea to use behavioral economics, where they place the salad bar, or for high schools, how they design the cafeteria to make it look more like a restaurant that kids would look for.    Mr. Concannon. We will definitely follow-up with Omaha, you mentioned.    Mr. Concannon. Yes. Farmers' markets. FINI grants, the grants that are out there to really encourage more, to facilitate more use of farmers' markets, doubling up bucks. I was up in Rochester, New York, recently, and they have a farmers' markets that has been around since 1904. It is a large farmers' market, 300 stalls on a weekend; but they do almost $900,000 a year in SNAP benefits there. I always look at the price of the food----    Mr. Concannon. It was a great bill.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Davis, for 4 minutes.    Mr. Concannon. Yes, indeed, and I appreciate the candor in your question frankly. We are never happy to hear that schools have dropped out of the program because it is, by intent, for all American students, the numbers of noontime lunch participants in the School Lunch Program went down by 1,300,000. It has stabilized now. At the same time it was going down, the numbers of students participating in the National Breakfast Program went from 10.3 million to 14 million. So we are actually serving more meals to kids right now across the United States. I recognize that some systems had challenges with it, so that as I mentioned earlier, we have a great partnership with the University of Mississippi.    Senator Cochran, championed the development of a center down there that really matches schools across the country that are struggling to say, okay, let us match you up with a school that has similar demographics, because it probably is going to be very useful to match the Dallas independent school district with a rural school district in another state. We are more than happy to provide that kind of technical assistance.    Actually I am confident that we are going to see additional growth this year in the meals participation. The significant reduction was lost mostly in that paid meal category, and part of that was everybody I work with, every school nutritionist, has said in their schools in the past, whenever they would raise the price on the paid meal, they would lose participation. And by the way, the National School Lunch Meals Program was losing participation going back to 2008. So it didn't just start with the new meals pattern.    Mr. Concannon. I will personally, or I will make sure our Chicago office, but I will try to personally go up there to meet with them as well.