    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, for the witnesses, for your testimony.    Mr. Tebbe, if I understand you correctly, your objection to Hobby Lobby was that the price of giving Hobby Lobby an exemption from the regulatory mandate was that the employees of Hobby Lobby were made worse off as a result?    Mr. DeSantis. But here's the problem I have with that point, is that, wouldn't the outcome have been, if that regulatory edict was upheld, that Hobby Lobby, per the advice of Justice Kagan and Sotomayor during the early arguments, Hobby Lobby would have simply gotten out of the health insurance business, perhaps, and ended up paying the tax, which Justice Kagan correctly pointed out was actually cheaper than offering the insurance?    So Hobby Lobby still would have maintained its religious commitment. Those employees would have ended up in exchanges, which would have been more costly and given them, actually, worse coverage, in many respects.    So wouldn't they have been made worse off had the case gone the other way?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, let's just assume that the tax penalty for not providing insurance is substantially cheaper. And, obviously, Hobby Lobby would be in a position where they wouldn't be complicit in something that violates their conscience. I think it's questionable whether the employees would--I think they would have been a lot worse off under that situation.    Let me ask you this, though. I'm trying to figure out, kind of, where the boundaries are here in terms of how you understand religious liberty. Could Congress enact a statute to require churches, like a Catholic parish, to pay for late-term abortions for its employees?    Mr. DeSantis. But, I mean, if under the analysis, I think, that you're proposing, if that parish were to go and ask for, hey, RFRA, this is a burden on my faith, not least restrictive means, under your analysis, those employees who happen to work for that parish would be worse off because they would not be getting a regulatory benefit, or maybe even Congress would do a statutory benefit.    And so wouldn't you have to then say that that regulation would have to be imposed on the church?    Mr. DeSantis. Why?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. What about Catholic Charities? So this is a big organization. It's not a church. It's based on Catholic principles. Would that mandate apply to Catholic Charities? Would they have to fund late-term abortion coverage for their employees?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, that's a different--so what do you think, Mr. Baylor? I mean, in this situation, under that analysis--well, let's even go further, more into the commercial realm. EWTN, a Catholic station, it's commercial, but clearly they have a religious mission that's core.    Would that analysis mean that EWTN would have to provide the late-term abortion coverage, which is obviously something that the people who are participating in running that organization very much would disagree with?    Mr. DeSantis. Let me--my time is about to expire. There are sometimes distinctions drawn between a corporate actor or a commercial actor versus a non-. I mean, I think if you had a sole proprietor who was running an orthodox Jewish deli, there would be religious protections for that sole proprietor. I mean, do people dispute that?    And if they don't, then simply the fact that he decides to incorporate his business, he would essentially be forfeiting his right to run his business as a--I just--I'm trying to figure out where this would go. So can you speak to that issue?    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.    My time has expired.