    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is a pleasure to be here. It is a pleasure to just be south of the river. I am up from just north of here, in southeastern Missouri. We are right along the Mississippi about 200 miles, so we just have to float down and we are right here.    I am very curious, Mr. Herbst, what is the projected compliance cost of the proposed rule?    Mr. Smith. Just under $1 billion?    Mr. Smith. Over a 10-year period? How do you respond to, I believe it was Senator Cassidy that started in the first panel that said, that industry has calculated a cost of nearly $32 billion over 10 years?    Mr. Smith. To me, between $32 billion and $1 billion, that is a lot of billions that are out there in trying to figure out an estimated cost.    Would you accurately say that the $1 billion proposal projected cost is appropriate and necessary for the rules that you are trying to implement?    Mr. Smith. Would you say you do believe it is appropriate and necessary?    Mr. Smith. OK. So right now, we are trying to decide if it is between $880 million or $32 billion in the cost.    I do want to point out to the agency that I would remind them to look at Justice Scalia's opinion in Michigan v. EPA, which was a Supreme Court case this June. In that decision, Justice Scalia was writing the opinion of the court, and it stated, ``The agency must consider cost, including, most importantly, cost of compliance, before describing whether regulation is appropriate and necessary.'' That is the supreme law of the land that was decided in the last week in June of this year, and I hope your agency can decide and understand whether it is $880 million or whether it is $32 billion and whether it is appropriate and necessary when you are looking at the offshore production just here in the Gulf of Mexico being roughly 17 percent, as what my colleague, Mr. Graves from Louisiana, was saying.    I have been here the last few days. We don't have offshore oil drilling in Missouri, but we are very glad that we have it here in the Gulf of Mexico, because it drastically affects the economy for the Nation, and it affects the economy for the world, for that matter. We need to make sure that we have a fair balance between the environment and safety and industry.    I can tell you just from a fishing perspective, being here over the weekend, I have not seen such a great production of fishing. Whenever you look at the No. 1 commercial fishing industry in the continental United States, right here next to the oil rigs, I would say environment and industry is going hand in hand. I would hope that your agency would promote that and not hinder that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Rice, good to have you here. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Herbst, as I understand it, the rule requires the establishment of the BSEE-Approved Verification Organization, or BAVO. Has that been defined?    Mr. Smith. When will it be defined?    Mr. Smith. OK. How would industry or the public comment on something that hasn't even been defined in a proposed rule?    Mr. Smith. So, they can public comment based on what possibly might be in a rule, but not even suggested that is in a rule, but a possibility?    Mr. Smith. Could this verification organization be industry leaders?    Mr. Smith. So, it could be environmentalists?    Mr. Smith. But there is nothing in the proposed rule that explains possibly who this third party is?    Mr. Smith. How many other requirements established in the proposed rule may not be defined in various other provisions?    Mr. Smith. All right.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Rice.