    Mr. Caponiti. I am sorry, I haven't done this in a while. Good morning, Chairman Rouzer, Chairman Hunter, Ranking Member Costa, Ranking Member Garamendi, and Members. I appreciate the opportunity to testify on behalf of USA Maritime on the importance of the Maritime Security Program and food aid cargo preference to international trade and U.S.-flag fleet. USA Maritime is a coalition of ship owning companies, maritime labor organizations, and maritime trade associations which directly or indirectly represent the vast majority of privately owned U.S.-flag oceangoing commercial vessels operating regularly in U.S. foreign trade. For the record, I have submitted a list of members of the coalition. USA Maritime strongly supports the Maritime Security Program, and existing cargo preference laws applicable to military and civilian government-impelled cargoes. Taken together, MSP and cargo preference programs are the principal means by which our national interests are served by maintaining a U.S.-flag presence in international water-borne trade.    Though it is fundamentally a commercial enterprise, the U.S. Merchant Marine has proven throughout history its capability to serve as an auxiliary force to the Navy. The often overlooked fourth arm of defense, as referenced by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the U.S. Merchant Marine and American seafarers have been called upon repeatedly to deliver U.S. military personnel and material to areas of conflict or emergency, no matter where they occur. The maintenance of a strong privately owned U.S.-flag Merchant Marine has remained an essential part of our nation's official national security strategy.    According to National Security Directive 28, signed by President Bush in 1989, ``Sealift is essential both to executing this country's forward defense strategy and to maintaining a wartime economy. The United States' national sealift objective is to ensure that sufficient military and civil maritime resources will be available to meet defense deployment, and essential economic requirements in support of our national security strategy.'' This policy remains intact, and equally relevant, today. The U.S. Merchant Marine has continued to demonstrate its value as a strategic resource in the 21st century, providing worldwide shipping facilities in support to the Department of Defense, and to essential foreign assistance programs, as well as to provide water-borne response for domestic and international disaster recovery operations.    MSP is a government-private partnership between the U.S. Government and the U.S.-flagged shipping industry, whereby DOD has provided assured access to privately owned commercial shipping assets, related global intermodal systems, and the active pool of U.S. citizen mariners necessary to deploy and sustain ground forces and related equipment during overseas combat operations. The development and implementation of MSP during the 1990s grew from an effort to re-engineer sealift capability as a consequence of lessons learned from the first Gulf War in 1990 and 1991. Less than a decade later, with respect to Afghanistan and Iraq, the effectiveness of MSP and its companion sealift readiness program were well proven during the sealift campaigns to support U.S. military operations and rebuilding programs.    The U.S. Government also administers a framework of cargo preference statutes designed to promote and sustain the U.S.-flagged fleet by prescribing a level of access to military and civilian government-impelled cargoes. It is important that these statutes, and the related programs, are adhered to by Federal agencies to ensure that taxpayer dollars are spent, at least in part, to promote U.S.-flagged shipping, thereby preserving national security as an alternative to the employment of foreign flag shipping and foreign crews.    Cargo preference laws remain essential to maintaining a robust commercial U.S. Merchant Marine. Virtually every privately owned U.S.-flagged vessel engaged in foreign trade depends, to some degree, on cargo preference to remain economically viable. Indeed, without cargo preference, it is no exaggeration to say that the U.S.-flagged international trade fleet would continue to diminish to a level approaching MSP enrollment, currently at 60 vessels. As Administrator Jaenichen commented earlier, we have 78 currently in international trade.    Nevertheless, the history of cargo preference administration indicates that cargo reservation requirements are often not self-enforcing, and strict Maritime Administration oversight is necessary to ensure that the law is followed, and its purposes fulfilled, across the U.S. Government. A new regulatory mandate to strengthen MARAD's oversight and enforcement authority has been under consideration for 7 years. USA Maritime remains disappointed that the Administration has thus far failed to formally propose an effective enforcement mechanism.    It is important to note that U.S.-flag capability brought to bear in wartime and emergency missions often includes both U.S. Government owned sealift vessels and privately owned commercial vessels. In those instances, a single pool of trained, qualified mariners is called upon to crew government ships, the majority of which are idle, but maintained in readiness for activation, while simultaneously meeting the requirement to continue crewing commercial vessels. Accordingly, the availability of an adequate cadre of civilian mariners to support the activation and operation of the U.S. Government reserve fleet remains a key element of U.S. strategy and planning. I just need a moment more.    Military planners understand that America's security is best protected when our country relies on a commercial shipping industry domiciled in the United States, employing U.S. citizens both at sea and ashore, and subject to U.S. laws and regulations. Historically, the United States has been able to respond to crises and support military engagements when its U.S.-flagged fleet has been sized to do so. The critical challenge of this strategy has been the availability of an adequate pool of oceangoing citizen mariners to crew the government's reserve ships to meet surge and sustainment requirements. However, an ongoing decline in the number of U.S.-flagged ships operating internationally is negatively impacting the mariner pool, a trend that is raising concern among military planners and industry officials alike.    As MARAD's recent report on cargo preference reduction surmised, continued declines in cargo volumes could erode even the ability to maintain the 60 vessel fleet. In closing, we ask that U.S. cargo preference statutes be supported and upheld by Congress, and that the programs be fully implemented and enforced throughout the Federal Government. Again, thank you for this opportunity. I look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Caponiti. If I could just add, and Philip may need to back me up a little bit on this, but the issue of commercial terms has been something that we have debated for many, many years. I know MARAD debated with USAID, the carriers themselves have debated with USAID, the acceptance of the notion of commercial terms. A lot of the delays, we believe, are because of the terms that are concocted inside USAID, the way they do business. And Philip, you basically referred to that, but, I mean, this idea of commercial terms is something that the industry has urged for quite some time.    Mr. Caponiti. Thank you for the question, sir. We need a mechanism that makes it clear that one entity is setting the rules and interpreting the law. Right now, and for many years, the shipping agencies themselves might disagree with the interpretation of how to implement a portion of the law or the regulation. And I know that MARAD and USAID have had many disagreements over the years, and the shipping agencies themselves choose to follow their own policies. The regulation, hopefully, would make it very clear where the buck stops, and MARAD would have to issue this regulation that would be subject to the public process. There would be comments and evaluation of the rule, and then they implement it. And then from that point forward, that is how the law is interpreted, and that is how the program will be carried out.    Mr. Caponiti. It is MARAD's responsibility to enforce the cargo preference law. The idea behind the regulation is to give them more specificity, give them the club. I mean, they need a regulation to make it clear that they are the ones that interpret this provision, or that provision, and the provision itself would be----    Mr. Caponiti. That is correct.    Mr. Caponiti. Nothing.    Mr. Caponiti. Well, I will begin. I think it is safe to say that we would applaud such a thing, to have a mandate to ship some portion of the crude, or the LNG, whatever it is, on U.S.-flag ships. With respect to the shipbuilding, we would probably recommend that is a little bit steeper hill to climb. We support shipbuilding in the United States, but the immediacy of it would be difficult. I think you might have to have a pilot program, or something like that, to kind of try to ease that in----    Mr. Caponiti. The other thing that you run into a little bit, this obviously helps the mariner pool, which, as you have heard over and over, is essential. Crude carriers themselves are not something that the military needs. They need product carries so a crude oil carrier might not be a militarily useful vessel, from the standpoint of the military. A product carrier would. So that is a wrinkle that you need to consider in the equation.    Mr. Caponiti. Well, I will begin. For one thing, our companies and our mariners pay taxes. Many foreign regimes do not. Many foreign regimes have hidden subsidies. You can be sure that China is absolutely supporting their Merchant Marine. They want to be the Merchant Marine. I don't know if that is the proper term in China, but they want to dominate world shipping. They want to crew every ship sailing the seas. That is part of their policy.    Among the foreign trade fleet, you are competing against the lowest common denominator in bad acting, that is compliance to regulatory provisions, compliance to IMO rulemakings. The United States, we kind of gold plate what we do here, and we follow the law, and we have high standards. You are not necessarily competing against a foreign carrier that has equally high standards. The cost of living, to pay a living wage in the United States vis-a-vis what you could call slave conditions in some foreign flag regimes. I don't want to say that they all use slaves, but the level of compensation, and the concept of a living wage isn't necessarily available on all the foreign flag ships that we might be competing against. So, I mean, there is a whole array of things. And I will let my colleagues continue.    Mr. Caponiti. Well, I mean----    Mr. Schoeneman.--to tell you that.    Mr. Caponiti. I mean, the MSP is viewed as the primary resource that they would use. Obviously we have the organic fleet that we have talked about, the ready reserve force, and the command. I mean, Iraq and Afghanistan was historic from the--whether you liked the war or not----