    Chairman Chaffetz. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    This afternoon, the United States Government--or sorry--this morning, the United States Government Accountability Office released its annual report on duplicative Federal programs. It has been the case for the past 5 years there's a vast opportunity for the Federal Government to save hard-earned taxpayer dollars.    One day before Americans have to on the--one day before Americans have to pay their taxes, the GAO report identifies 24 new areas where Federal Government agencies are wasting resources. To help remedy this waste and improve the effectiveness of our government, the report recommends more than 66 actions to save money. Some examples from this year's report include eight Federal agencies administer more than 100 programs to support individuals with serious mental illness. The GAO also identifies 42 Federal, State, and local nonemergency medical transportation programs that currently lack coordination, leading to poor outcomes.    Further, the GAO noted that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, often referred to as NOAA, maintains 21 separate systems to monitor sea surface temperature and 14 to measure just one--just ocean surface wind speeds. Even NOAA has admitted this level of redundancy is unnecessary.    Finally, the report also draws--also draws new attention to the broken down FOIA process at the Department of Homeland Security. Today, Department of Homeland Security is responsible for more than half of all reported backlog FOIA requests. This is completely unacceptable.    All told, in the first 5 years of the report, GAO has identified more than 200 areas with wasted Federal resources. As a result, GAO has recommended more than 500 actions to save money and approve efficiency. By implementing about a third of these, GAO recommendations in prior years, the government managed to save roughly $20 billion, which is a start, but more needs to be done.    Addressing the remaining recommendations has the potential to save American taxpayers $80 billion by the year 2023. Over and again, the GAO's duplication reports have shown how precious dollars are wasted when Federal agencies fail to work together. GAO has specifically identified dozens of areas where increased guidance, oversight, and coordination from OMB would create greater efficiency. These would also reduce costs to the taxpayers, including the way for the Federal Government to acquire needed goods and services.    Yet OMB to date has only fully addressed about a third of GAO's recommended actions. It has to do better to fully justify the taxpayers' trust in its mission. With Americans projected to pay the government $1.5 trillion in individual income taxes, we must ensure greater return on taxpayer investment by reducing inefficiencies and redundancies.    I want to thank the GAO for, once again, providing Congress and the executive branch with a road map to achieve the needed savings. There are literally thousands of good men and women who work tirelessly through the course of a year and beyond, to develop these reports, and we very much appreciate it. Look forward to hearing from the witnesses on how the government can make greater progress in achieving a more efficient, effective, and accountable government. That's what we're all here to do, and this is a good opportunity for both sides of the aisle, the administration, the GAO, to all to come together and discuss these topics and figure out how we can make more of the precious Federal dollars.    Chairman Chaffetz. I want to let members know that we will--I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    We will now recognize our panel of witnesses. I am pleased to welcome the Honorable Gene Dodaro, Comptroller General of the United States Government Accountability Office. Mr. Dodaro is accompanied by a panel of staff from the GAO behind him whose expertise may be needed during the questioning.    We also have the Honorable Beth Cobert, deputy director for management at the Office of Management and Budget. Did I pronounce it properly?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. Good.    We welcome you. Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn before they testify. We will also swear in those accompanying Mr. Dodaro who may be offering testimony. And so if you all would rise.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing by the truth?    Thank you. Let the record reflect that all members--all people who raised their hand answered in the affirmative.    And prior to having our witnesses testify, we're going to now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, from Maryland for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Chairman Chaffetz. I will now recognize Mr. Dodaro for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. We appreciate that.    Chairman Chaffetz. I will now recognize Ms. Cobert for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. We will now recognize the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Duncan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Will now recognize the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    I'll now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Ms. Cobert, I appreciate you being here. One of the things you mentioned was the--following up on what Jimmy Duncan from Tennessee was talking about, is the underutilized property. It is something he has worked on, I have worked on, Mr. Mica has worked on. We have literally tens of thousands of buildings that are underutilized at this point.    Freeze the footprint. One of the things, I guess, I would want you to consider or, at least, think through, when you talk about acquisitions, one of the things that drives us a bit nuts out West is the acquisition budget within the Department of Interior. We have a 10-plus-billion-dollar backlog with the national parks and monuments and whatnot, I mean, the gems of this country, and yet we've got tens of--you know, more than a $10 billion backlog but at the same time that we're acquiring more property.    Have you given any consideration to stopping or slowing down or freezing the footprint in terms of acquisitions within the Department of Interior as well?    Chairman Chaffetz. And I guess what I don't see in your consideration--and Mr. Dodaro, I don't know if you've looked at this--but the acquisition budget is roughly $500 million to acquire additional properties within the Department of Interior, and yet we still have a $10 billion backlog. And what I don't see is the same Freeze the Footprint approach prevailing within the Department of Interior. Am I wrong on that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Now, a lot of these aren't actual buildings. A lot of them are lands. Mr. Dodaro.    Chairman Chaffetz. You can go ahead and mention Arches, which happens to be in Utah's 3rd Congressional District, one of the most beautiful places you can visit.    Chairman Chaffetz. Go ahead, you have my full permission.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. And, I guess, on behalf of those out West, this is of keen concern because the acquisitions continue. I think you've highlighted the problem. I just worry that--that you have not yet also included the Department of Interior, because these aren't--these are typically old buildings and pieces of property and other acquisitions. They all sound great. But then the problem is that the Grand Canyon and at Arches and at Canyonlands in places all across, we've got backlog that doesn't get taken care of. And, right now, that's to the tune of 10-plus-billion-dollars, and you don't have things like camp sites and waste removal and very basic things that people, as they get out and enjoy the outdoors. So--and to the GAO, we would appreciate it if you can continue to look at that as well.    I've got a host of other ones, but we've got other members here. I'm going to go ahead and yield back, but thank you for your consideration on that.    Will now recognize Ms. Kelly from Illinois, I believe, is next on the list. And we'll recognize her for 5 minutes.