    Mr. Newhouse. We did draw the parallel, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all for being here this morning. Very interesting testimony, and appreciate your taking the time to enlighten us.    Particularly, Ms. Clarke, I found your testimony interesting, considering your background, your work at the Federal level and now at the state level. I think I could get from your testimony the feeling of being burdened by regulations toward your efforts at saving the greater sage grouse.    I live in central Washington. In my district we have the Yakima Training Center, which is a 327,000-acre training site for our military. Of that, there are 77,000 acres that are currently designated sage grouse protection area. The Army has already taken various steps and spent a lot of money to operate in a manner that minimizes its impact on these species, things like seasonal management and habitat protection.    If ESA further, under a listing, would further impact and, really, take a lot of the training center out of being operable, and very severely limit its ability to carry out its mission. So, with that kind of a perspective for me, I would like you to elaborate, Ms. Clarke, a little bit further on your testimony that Federal regulators' focus is increasingly unilateral and somewhat dismissive of the state conservation action.    Mr. Newhouse. I appreciate that. And I was trying to scribble down your quotations, if I can use that at some point, with your permission.    So, further question for you, Mr. Miller. I think everybody on the panel has brought up in some reference to wildfire prevention, suppression, restoration as keys to protecting the greater sage grouse.    You may or may not know that this committee has been working hard to spearhead efforts, legislation that will help support states in targeting wildfire prevention. So, in your view, what is the ideal role of the Federal Government in wildfire mitigation? And how do these efforts tie in with supporting ongoing state-level sage grouse protection measures?    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you very much. Too short a time. So, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. Cresent, we did it.    Representative Hardy.