    Mr. Pocan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, to the witnesses.    I am going to comment, and I got the feeling I am going to be doing this every subcommittee. We did a good job of lawyering up again; we have got a lot of lawyers on the panel. It would be nice maybe to have some of the small business owners who are affected.    We are going to have to change the name of the committee pretty soon to Education and Workforce via the Judicial System at the rate we are going. But we do have a lot of lawyers----    Mr. Pocan. Yes, but that is sometimes why we get the creative answers that we get, and sometimes I would much rather have things--coming from--being a small business owner for 28 years and not being a lawyer, I guess maybe that is the realm I deal with. And since it is going to affect the business, I would like to have it from that.    Let me ask Ms. Heriot just a quick question.    Do you view the EEOC's arrest and conviction guidance as a radical departure in enforcement?    Mr. Pocan. If I can reclaim my time--and this is the problem I have. No offense. I know you are a law professor but, you know, the answer was--usually falls in the yes or no sort of realm----    Mr. Pocan. I reclaimed my time. I am sorry, ma'am. Please let me finish.    So what I was trying to ask you, and which you did your best to dance around, was that this is the policy in place since I believe it is 1987 when then Commissioner--and you mentioned Clarence Thomas was there, so----    Mr. Pocan. Well, it is. It is exactly what it is.    So let me do this. Let me ask the question--in Madison, Wisconsin we recently had a shooting of a young African-American male, 19. Brought up a lot of issues around--we have eight times the arrest record of African-American males in Madison area, twice the state incarceration of African-American males.    Clearly this affects employment. I recently went to the job center in Dayton County and we met with people who are chronically employed; 70 to 75 percent of the people who we met with had a felony on their record.    That is the real problem. You can have all the legal talk--and by the way, you do get the point for the most creative answer of saying jobs will be exported overseas because of this. It is going in my little board back in the office, because that was beyond amazing on creativity.    But the bottom line is this affects real people.    And so let me go to Ms. House specifically. You know, I know that you like to talk anecdotally through legal cases when we know 93 percent of the cases EEOC brings to--in federal court is successful, and 82 percent of those that are systemic cases are successful, so this little anecdote--governing by anecdote is always very dangerous.    You brought up a study--a very specific study that said 850,000 to a million people in this study who had arrest record. Of that 70 million people 1 percent got hired, versus 30 percent in the other pool. Can you just talk a little bit more about that, because that is specific and relatable, rather than anecdotal? And if you can do it in a succinct, non-lawyerish answer, I would really appreciate it.    Mr. Pocan. I can see the yellow light up, Mr. Chairman. I will be cognizant of that.    But, you know, specifically I think in the testimony that Ms. Heriot brought up she talked about, you know, the problem in Virginia, I think in nursing homes. Yet EEOC didn't file any cases against nursing homes for using criminal background checks as a basis of employment in Virginia.    So again, I think what we are finding is often certain people are using anecdotes and hyperbole when the reality that I am seeing, at least back home in Wisconsin, is that when we have got 70 to 75 percent of the people who are chronically employed specifically with a felony--and I have done this for 28 years. I am a small business owner. I know it is----