    Ms. Brown. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for having this hearing.    We are here today to discuss some of our most disabled veterans who are receiving individual unemployability.    I think it is important that during this hearing we not lose sight of what we are talking about here. We are not talking about costs or numbers, we are talking about people. Men and women who put everything on the line, were injured greatly, and now receiving additional funds because of an injury that has left them unable to work.    Why have these costs ballooned? As the DAV notes, we have higher numbers of seriously disabled veterans from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, VA is completing record numbers of disability claims, VA's intense outreach effort to provide benefits to our veterans, and to the expansion of presumption related to Agent Orange and PTSD.    With that said, there is still work to do. The GAO, in their review of the IU program, identified four areas for improvement. VA concurred with the GAO findings. I look forward to hearing from VA on their progress to complete GAO's recommendations.    Again, these are some of the most vulnerable disabled veterans. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with you in a bipartisan spirit of our committee. And I am committed to ensure that our Nation adequately compensates our veterans for their loss in defense of this great Nation.    I want to add a little special note here. I know every member of Congress experience it. I met a veteran with five stars, and that veteran was 10 percent. When I spoke with that veteran VA had been working on his particular case for over 6 years. The veteran, couldn't get adequate information from the Department of Defense. Six years! I worked on his case for 2 months, and this veteran was able to get 70 percent. That is a life-changing event going from 10 percent to 70 percent.    Each Member of Congress Office receives all kind of casework and staff work on it, and it is most satisfying when Members of Congress and their staff are able to help a veteran receive the benefit that they deserve.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.