    Mr. Herbst. Again, it is a good question, and a big part of this rule is about adopting those changes that industry did move quickly on as far as making changes to API and----    Mr. Herbst. The RP-53 went to Standard 53. That was a change. I believe the API-11 document was also changed.    I have them right here--1 minute.    Mr. Herbst. Well, let me answer it this way. Again, the recommendations that came in after Macondo were from various groups--one of those was the National Academy of Engineers, various other groups, and industry input. This rule reflects that input. Much of the rule, again, reflects industry changes. We mentioned API Standard 53. Many of the requirements, if you think of them as prescriptive, come from that Standard 53.    Now, clearly there are other ones where we are trying to push that safety bar a little bit further, realizing we deal with 80 different operators, everything from a super major to small--I call them mom and pop type organizations. It is important to set some bar, whether it is prescriptive or not, so that they can meet that bar.    Now, again, some of the requirements in here have dates of implementation further out--3 years, 5 years, 7 years--and some of them are performance based. So, yes, we want a BOP stack to be able to center the pipe so it can be sheared properly. We did not tell them how to center the pipe. We did not tell them that another requirement is that you must shear everything in the hole. We didn't tell them that that has to be a shear ram. It could be some other type of device, explosive device that can shear the pipe.    So, we did leave areas open, and that is what my remarks said, that it is both prescriptive and performance.    Mr. Herbst. You are talking about BSEE's cost in the rule? I believe, just under $1 billion was the estimate.    Mr. Herbst. Yes. That is over a 10-year period, I believe.    Mr. Herbst. Right. So, part of moving from proposed rule to final rule, we asked for comments specifically on costs. We are looking at those costs, and I can tell you that one of the costs for industry came up with $32 billion; $10 billion of that alone is tied to the drilling margin issue. So, obviously, that is one this week that we are meeting with industry in Washington to try to see if we can still meet that objective, but maybe in a less prescriptive manner.    There are tremendous costs that industry has pointed out there, so we are working to see those costs. Again, they may be the experts on some of these costs. We will have to sit and look at that. We will have to look at the final rule. Again, I expect there will be some changes from proposed rule to final rule. When that occurs, we have to look at those cost impacts again.    Mr. Herbst. Again, our $1 billion cost does take into account the benefits of the rule as well. Some of the costs are offset by the benefits. So, those safety benefits of a blowout incident such as Macondo and the lives lost and the environmental damage, that is taken into account on the benefit side of our analysis. I don't believe that industry's analysis took that into account.    Mr. Herbst. Again, we will have to look at the final rule and what the final costs are before we can make that determination, or I could make the call on that.    Mr. Herbst. That is correct.    Mr. Herbst. Certainly.    Mr. Herbst. Yes, that is BSEE's graph from the annual report.    Mr. Herbst. Not to be too alarming, you have to look at the definition of loss of well control. That can be a very small release where the well is not under control. We are not talking about the things like Macondo where there was only one----    Mr. Herbst. Nothing to the loss of life or pollution.    Mr. Herbst. I believe with input from the states, yes.    Mr. Herbst. Let me answer that this way. Since we have received the industry comments and other comments, I have assigned three staff members, two of those with over 30 years of experience, industry and regulatory experience, to work on those and try to understand those comments and see if there are other ways to accomplish the same thing through those industry comments.    They have worked numerous meetings through this. I am getting that feedback. I am speaking directly with Director Salerno weekly on this. I think if we can accomplish the same objective by another means which industry has brought up, I think there will be that flexibility.    Mr. Herbst. If I get your question right, an important part of our regulations, which this new rule does not impact at all, is alternative compliance. So again, if industry can come up with a better mouse trap, a better way of reaching that same objective, that regulation is there now and will continue.    Mr. Herbst. Are you talking about vigilance from----    Mr. Herbst. Right. I am not sure if I get the question. Those reports are mandatory by regulation that they must report loss of well control events.    Mr. Herbst. Yes.    Mr. Herbst. That is personally outside of my call, but it is a very complex rule. It took a lot of input from a lot of different people. As mentioned before, standards were a big part of incorporating into this rule. Industry shouldn't be surprised by that part of the rule. The other pieces, that is why we are continuing to work with those commenters, to get the best----    Mr. Herbst. I am not aware. I would have to get back to you on that question.    Mr. Herbst. I will get back to you on that.    Mr. Herbst. If you are talking about the invites for this week, those were for folks that commented on the rule. The rule as proposed is open to all for commenting. But if they commented on the rule, they were invited back, from what I understand, to clarify those points in their comments.    Mr. Herbst. It has not been finalized at this point, but the concept of having a verification organization is in the rule.    Mr. Herbst. I am not certain on that. I will have to get back to you.    Mr. Herbst. Again, they can comment on how it is implemented. They can comment on the idea of having a verification organization, not having one, who may be the best to do that type of work, and those comments then would be taken into account.    Mr. Herbst. Again, the requirement of a verification organization to verify the BOPs is in the proposed rule, and again they could comment on how that is implemented.    Mr. Herbst. I believe, as it is written or intended, it is third party.    Mr. Herbst. It would have to be someone with the expertise, that would have to have that expertise, especially around BOPs, to be that verifying organization.    Mr. Herbst. No. We have similar rules in place now for third-party verification, and those areas are clearly defined. This is still open at this point.    Mr. Herbst. I am not sure how I would be able to answer that. If we think we have defined it, but again as we meet with industry, if there are questions or concerns, or it needs clarification, that is what would be built into the final rule.    Mr. Herbst. It is out to the economic exclusive zone. It is 200 miles. With Mexico, the United States has a trans-boundary agreement, and we have worked through that. We have continued to work with the Mexican regulators, originally CNH, now SIA, as far as how operations along that border will proceed.    Mr. Herbst. Yes, it would.    Mr. Herbst. I am not the expert on that, but I would believe so.    Mr. Herbst. The risks can be there for both depending on how the operations are conducted.    Mr. Herbst. It has been defined differently over the years. Currently it is 500 feet of water depth is deepwater, the way we define it.    Mr. Herbst. From what I understand, if there was interest, BSEE asked if they needed to clarify their comments. Again, you had to have commented before, and this was an opportunity to clarify those comments.    The Chairman. So, all companies who commented are going to have a meeting, or at least be invited to a meeting?    Mr. Herbst. I don't know for sure. I was not the one who sent out the invites.    The Chairman. All right.    Look, I had a great Aunt Bessie. You guys need to change your acronym. I liked her.    The Chairman. Dr. Mason, universities like LSU obviously adjust their curriculum. I was interested in your testimony that asserted that the Federal regulatory environment is essentially migrating the job opportunities to compliance, rather than exploration and production. Is that accurate, and can you expand on that for just a couple of minutes, or less?