    Mr. ROSKAM. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Cohen, thank you for your time today.    Just to correct the record and to make sure I am clear on something, the public option has been discussed today. I am not a fan of the public option. I opposed it. Every Republican opposed it, but the Republicans were not running the show; is that not right, when the Affordable Care Act was crafted and it was passed? Is that not right, Dr. Cohen?    It was all Democratic votes. So by definition, the people that took the public option away were Democrats; is that not correct?    Mr. ROSKAM. Okay. And then as we move forward, the $6 billion that could have mitigated some of these losses, the $6 billion works until when? Until the $6 billion runs out, right?    Mr. ROSKAM. But the limited amount of funds is, by definition, it is finite, and a couple of minutes ago when you were asked the question how long can the CO-OPs last by themselves, you said, and I am paraphrasing, but my understanding was, well, we know they cannot last by themselves in the first two years; is that not right?    Mr. ROSKAM. Right, but 11 of them, 12 if you count Vermont, they have not made it.    Mr. ROSKAM. So sort of just the sense of restraint and reluctance and the wariness that you hear from this side of the aisle is based on the representations that were made in the past by CMS about how good things were looking, and even your language today in your testimony, things like ``the CO-OP application review process was rigorous, objective and independent and since awarding both start-up and solvency loans CMS has closely monitored and evaluated all CO-OPs to assess performance and compliance.''    You know, to Mr. Johnson's point, this is costing a lot of money, and it seems like at many levels it is simply a failure. It is out of balance. The risk corridors, by definition, were supposed to be budget neutral, and yet it seems like there is an admonition against a Republican Congress that you are not funding these things.    And to just follow up, to put a finer point on Mr. Johnson's interchange with you, you know, a lot of us feel like this is good money after bad.    So why in the world or what hope would you hold out that based on past CMS performance and past CO-OP performance and the fact that we are in a really limited time frame and things like, you know, quotes that come from the CMS spokesman back in a Bloomberg article of March of 2014, ``While it is still early, we are encouraged by what we have seen so far and will continue to work closely with these CO-OPs to monitor their progress and assess their performance.''    I mean, it just seems like it is a disaster. Let us turn the page, call it what it is, and move on. Do you not think that is a good idea?