    Ms. Hess. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Sensenbrenner, Ranking Member Jackson Lee, and Members of Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to provide an update today on our efforts relating to rapid DNA and for your continued support of the men and women of the FBI.    Over the last three decades we've been developing our Combined DNA Index System, or CODIS program, in order to better assist Federal, state, local, and international forensic laboratories. As new DNA technologies have emerged, we have been vigilant in demanding they provide the quality and integrity expected of a nationwide law enforcement database, and must be implemented pursuant to the FBI's Quality Assurance Standards in accordance with the Federal DNA Identification Act of 1994.    One of the underlying concepts of CODIS was to create a database of the DNA profiles of convicted offenders and use it to identify suspects for crimes in which there are no suspects. But this tool, which was initially expected to benefit the investigation of sexual assault cases, has proven to have broader applications. States observed this firsthand and sought to expand coverage of their databases beyond convicted sexual offenders; first, to individuals convicted of other violent felonies, then to all felony offenders, and now to persons arrested for sexual offenses, or in many states persons arrested for any felony offense.    The FBI Laboratory works closely with the DNA and CODIS communities, as well as other stakeholders, such as laboratory accrediting bodies, law enforcement, defense attorneys, and prosecutors, to evaluate new technologies and procedures. Any efforts to enhance CODIS involve significant consultation with the affected stakeholders, software development, testing, evaluation, implementation planning, and user training.    Today CODIS is installed in approximately 200 forensic DNA laboratories nationwide. The FBI provides the CODIS software to laboratories which are accredited, which follow the FBI's Quality Assurance Standards, that are audited annually, and that agree to comply with the Federal DNA Act for participation in the National DNA Index System, or NDIS.    To date, CODIS has generated over 285,000 investigative leads for law enforcement. All 50 States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Army's Criminal Investigation Laboratory, and the FBI contribute DNA records to and participate in NDIS, which contains almost 14 million offender or arrestee DNA records and over 630,000 forensic or crime scene DNA records.    The FBI uses the term ``Rapid DNA analysis or technology'' to describe the fully automated, hands-free process of developing a CODIS Core Short Tandem Repeater, or STR, profile from a reference sample buccal swab. The process consists of automated extraction, amplification, separation, detection, and allele calling without human intervention. Our objective is to generate a CODIS-compatible DNA profile and to search these profiles within 2 hours against unsolved crime profiles while an arrestee is in police custody.    Rapid DNA technology has been designed for use within and outside the forensic DNA laboratory, as the instruments are self-contained machines which require no human intervention beyond the loading of the DNA samples and analysis cartridges.    With legislative authority, the FBI envisions Rapid DNA integration occurring in two phase. Phase one involves the booking station CODIS enrollment and searching of Rapid DNA profiles, which will eliminate the weeks to months it currently takes for arrestee samples to be mailed, received, inventoried, and analyzed for registration in the CODIS system. Phase two is the hit notification to booking stations and investigative agencies, which is expected to conserve valuable investigative resources and identify perpetrators before they are released back into their communities at the completion of the normal booking process.    Since 2008 we've partnered with the Departments of Defense and Homeland Security in the development of point-of-collection DNA analysis for the production of CODIS DNA profiles within a 2-hour period. In addition, the Scientific Working Group on DNA Analysis Methods empaneled a Rapid DNA Committee to evaluate whether additional quality measures were needed for records produced by Rapid DNA instruments. Based on their recommendations, the FBI issued an addendum to our Quality Assurance Standards to provide a foundation for the implementation of Rapid DNA within accredited forensic DNA laboratories.    The Federal DNA Act currently requires that DNA records maintained at NDIS be generated by accredited laboratories in compliance with the FBI's Quality Assurance Standards. But Rapid DNA technology has been designed for use by law enforcement agencies at the point of booking. Thus, statutory authorization for the use of FBI-approved Rapid DNA instruments by criminal justice agencies would be needed before the DNA records generated at police booking stations can be searched at     In addition to the legislative, validation, testing, evaluation, standards, and software issues, we must address issues relating to NDIS approval and certification of the instruments, as well as training of law enforcement personnel. These issues must be resolved prior to implementation so this new technology is used in a manner which maintains the quality, integrity, and sterling reputation of our database.    In conclusion, CODIS has demonstrated its value as an investigative tool for 25 years, and we are committed to maintaining its effectiveness. The FBI is also committed to identifying new technologies which could enhance the CODIS program, and we are pursuing Rapid DNA technology because we believe the efficiencies obtained from the real-time analysis of an arrestee's DNA sample has tremendous potential to improve public safety and focus law enforcement investigative resources.    Thank you.    Ms. Hess. Yes, sir. Actually right now we see the efficiencies in the speed of the testing, not in the amount. The amount of testing clearly depends on how the States have enacted laws as to whether they are drawing from convicted offenders or arrestees, individuals charged or not charged with crimes, but arrested. So the amount doesn't change, but the speed will.    Ms. Hess. Yes, sir. I would say that this has tremendous potential, and certainly from the perspective of being able to take this technology and take it out of the laboratory into a booking station. But with that comes a lot of responsibility, as was previously outlined, so that any officer would be able to use this equipment to the standards that are currently employed by the forensic laboratories.    Ms. Hess. I'm sorry. I didn't hear the question.    Ms. Hess. Currently, as used in forensic laboratories with the human intervention, that would be the case. However, they are not yet mature enough to be used independently without that human intervention. But that is the goal.    Ms. Hess. Yes, sir. So as was previously mentioned, there are thousands of backlogged sexual assault kits across the Nation.    Ms. Hess. Yes.    Ms. Hess. We don't know the exact number at this time, but I can get that information.    Ms. Hess. I believe we could get that information.    Ms. Hess. Ma'am, I'd like to qualify that first by saying that, as has been stated here, we are really focusing on known samples, on reference samples. So we are focusing on arrestees, we're focusing on reference samples, as opposed to crime scene or sexual assault kit types.    Ms. Hess. That's correct.    Ms. Hess. Yes, ma'am, I understand. So the vision is that once these kits, these instruments, are ready to be deployed in booking stations, that that will greatly reduce the time and the resources needed to devote laboratory time toward the processing of arrestee or reference samples. So those resources might eventually be used and/or rediverted in the laboratories to address the crime scene type of a forensic sample.    Ms. Hess. The Quality Assurance Standards for the known or reference samples, yes.    Ms. Hess. Yes. We currently do have actually Quality Assurance Standards. An addendum actually was in place since December for the laboratory, accredited laboratory environment. And, yes, that would be our goal for reference samples, correct.