    Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the invitation to be here to testify today. Thank you.    As you mentioned, my name is Mendis Cooper. I'm the general manager of Overton Power District Number 5. Overton Power District is a public power district that was created in 1935 to deliver hydropower from Hoover Dam to the rural customers of Clark County, Nevada.    Currently we serve over 2,000 square miles of Nevada land. We have over 100 miles of transmission line, over 600 miles of distribution lines, and over 15,000 metered customers in our area.    We've seen a number of changes as we've gone through the years, not only because of growth, but because of the regulations that have been put in place.    I also represent today, as I discuss some of the issues that concern us, the Nevada Rural Electric Association, of which I am a board member. So I also represent Nevada Rural Electric today.    Nevada Rural Electric is a group of nine rural cooperatives and power districts located here in Nevada. We serve over 50,000 square miles of Nevada land, and we also serve over 60,000 customers in Nevada. We also serve small areas in California, Idaho, Oregon, and Utah. And so the things that happen to us affect a wide range of area and a great number of people.    The electric cooperatives and public power districts were created to serve areas that were not prime locations to be served by large investor utilities. You find that the rural utilities serve about, per mile line, about seven customers per mile of line on average. Whereas an investor-run utility will serve 35 customers per mile, on average.    So the costs that we have to put in place are spread amongst fewer customers and so the impacts are greater because of the things that happen.    We are governed, all of us, by boards that are elected, and we are all nonprofit entities, and even though we are nonprofit, a number of our entities pay property taxes and are thus small businesses.    The Rural Electric Association was created in the 1930s, and it was created to help entities like us provide power to the businesses and the people who needed it. And the interesting thing about the REA is that it gave us the opportunity to form as individuals in our communities, to do what was best for us, and then the government got out of the way and let us do those things. And we have seen a change in that over time and because of the regulations that have been put in place.    For example, as I mentioned, we serve a wide area in Nevada, and much of that land is BLM land, and we've seen some significant changes as we try to obtain rights-of-way to serve new businesses and new customers in our areas.    It used to be that to obtain a right-of-way it cost about $500 per mile, and the average time was about 12 months.    Recently we've seen the cost increase to about $25,000 per mile, and we see right-of-ways average about eight years. And there have been some utilities in our state that have spent over ten years trying to obtain a BLM right-of-way. The process is way too cumbersome and the requirements, as was mentioned, we have great staff, but the requirements are sometimes more than they can handle.    The decisions that are made have great effect on not only the right-of-ways that we try to obtain, but the existing right-of-ways as we are sometimes prevented from using our right-of-ways during different times of the year, and that would be fine, if we could say when there were power outages and when there are not power outages. But we need access all of the time, and so access to those places is very important to us.    We've also seen a great deal of government over-reach in regard to the clean power plan. This has been proposed by the Environmental Protection Agency and under their Rule 111(d). They threatened to remove all fossil fuel generation. And under this rule it will raise the cost of generation for our local businesses and our local people.    Right now all of the rural utilities in Nevada have very little generation. They rely on resources outside the state to bring in power and electricity to their customers. And so this rule will not only raise the cost of electricity, but it will also encourage neighboring states to not let their resources be shared with other states because they are going to be limited in what they can do.    It also limits what we can do as Nevada entities as even newer technology in regards to natural gas will be difficult to permit under these new rules that are put in place.    There's a number of additional things that we have concern of, but I would just like to mention that this over-reaching government regulation has cost impacts on all of the Nevada Rural Electric Associations. And the cost impacts are born primarily by our customers and the small businesses, much like these represented here today. And so when we see these costs passed on to us, we see the effect locally because those are our friends and neighbors.    Again, thank you for this opportunity. I look forward to answering any questions.    Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chairman, some reliability regulations were passed on to the power utilities several years ago and we had to hire one person just to manage the reliability regulations that came from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.    So yes, it does have an effect on us, and it is more than we can handle. When we have to go out and hire people just to satisfy the regulations, it raises the costs for everyone.    Mr. COOPER. You bet. I would like to give you just a couple of examples. There was an area just north of Mesquite where there was a wash, probably at least two miles away from the Virgin River, that was designated as waters of the United States. And although we personally did not have to mitigate the problems associated with that, the home developer had to meet with BLM and resolve those issues.    Just recently we've had a similar situation. We're working on a right-of-way to build a transmission line to Mesquite, and about two miles north of Logandale, and we're talking probably at least ten miles away from Lake Mead, we cross a wash. The wash is about 12 inches deep and about three feet wide. And as part of our right-of-way process, the BLM flagged that because it was part of the waters of the United States, and we had to bring in some specialist from the Army Corps of Engineers, and some BLM people, and we had to bring in our own specialist to help mitigate the problem. And the solution that they came up with and, you know, we were a little worried. We didn't know if we were going to have to build a suspension bridge, or what we were going to have to do there, but the remedy was it's okay to put a culvert in the wash.    Now I think that there was a much simpler way to figure that out. That's probably what we would have done to begin with. And so these waters of the United States issues, even though we live in the desert, they have a great effect on us because there are a number of washes that are dry 99 percent of the time that are considered waters of the United States.    Mr. COOPER. Well, it's interesting. I saw--and you're right, the hydropower is a very cheap resource and we appreciate that.    But I would also make mention that the power customers, not just Overton Power, but NV Energy and all of the other utilities that get power from there have paid the costs of the dam and the visitors center and all the other improvements that have been done there. Those have been paid for on the backs of the power customers.    Now it's interesting. I saw a number, and I tried to look this up before I came today, just in case you asked me this, but part of the price that we pay for our federal hydropower includes multi-species conservation, and I believe the number was over $400 billion had been paid by the power customers since Hoover Dam was created to mitigate endangered species problems. And those are all dollars that are paid for by businesses and the customers that we have.    Mr. COOPER. Well, I appreciate the opportunity. I would like to say that yeah, things are difficult. But there are instances where we've learned to work together with government agencies and when common sense prevails and they are allowed to get beyond some of these regulations, that there are success stories out there.    I'll give you an example of the rangeland fires that affect the utilities in northern Nevada. When a rangeland fire occurred, the companies would pull up to the fire area and try to prevent the fire from burning down their power poles and destroying more land and property.    The utilities were barred from going into those areas when fires occurred. So basically they had to pull up and watch their poles burn down, and then go in and replace the poles after the fire went by.    They were able to work with the BLM fire department and they came to an arrangement where now they share resources, they use the utilities as a resource when a fire comes through. They, the utilities, make their equipment, their water trucks, their people available to prevent the fires, prevent poles from being destroyed, to prevent habitat for the greater sage grouse from being destroyed, and it prevents farm from being destroyed.    When a little bit of common sense is injected and everybody is able to work together, rather than work within these rules that are made for everybody, we find that there can be some success stories in there, and we just would encourage more of those opportunities to work together with these agencies to find things that fit and that work for everybody.