    Mr. Messer . The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes for questions.    It is a fundamental American principle that in America we follow the rule of law. And for the rule of law to be meaningful, of course it has to be transparent.    It has to be written down. People have to have the ability to understand the law and see whether they are complying with it. But we want to talk about that principle in the context of the FSOC's current approach and designated non-bank financial institutions, particularly insurance companies, under that designation.    Under the rule of law, folks first ought to understand why they are being regulated, what are the standards we are applying to determine whether you will be regulated, and then how they will be regulated.    What are the standards you will be held accountable to if you are designated a non-bank SIFI? Mr. Woodall, you have been very patient today, I have to concede, for all this Kentucky Phi Beta Kappa this is of course, a panel full of Phi Beta Kappas and Ivy League decorated folks. I will admit something I rarely admit in public, which is I am a Phi Beta Kappa.    But I will tell you, for this complex world of acronyms and initials and regulatory structure and laws, I think, like most Americans, we are just--it is all Greek to us and we are trying to figure it out.    In the construct of the rule of law that I talked about, Mr. Woodall, I have offered legislation that I think is really a modest proposal. It is H.R. 3857. And here is what it does very simply.    I will read it here to make sure I am getting it accurate. The bill would simply prevent FSOC from designating any further non-bank financial institutions for heightened Fed supervision until 90 days after.    First, the Federal Reserve establishes prudential standards for non-bank financial companies as required by Section 165(a) and (b) of Dodd-Frank.    Second, the Federal Reserve promulgates regulations, setting forth criteria for exempting certain types of classes of U.S. non-bank financial companies or foreign non-bank financial companies from supervision, as required by Section 170 of Dodd-Frank.    And third, the FSOC re-evaluates within calendar year 2016, each previous SIFI designation and rescinds any such designation if it determines that the non-bank financial company no longer meets the standards for designation that have been brought forward. I would just like to get your reaction. Would that legislation prevent FSOC from doing its job?    Mr. Messer. Would it prevent FSOC from doing its job? Again, would that seem like a reasonable proposal? That the companies that will be designated or the entities that are designated, non-bank SIFIs, have some way of understanding why it is they are designated that way and of course the, an off-ramp that would allow them to determine their--    Mr. Messer. Yes. Is there any way you can provide that list of 17 options to the committee?    Mr. Messer. Thank you. I guess I will open it up to the rest of the panel. Could someone give me the rationale for designating non-bank entities as SIFIs before establishing any public standard for doing so?    And question two, before establishing the criteria that they will be held to?    Mr. Messer. So you are telling me you believe that the entities that are being designated SIFIs understand the standards by which they are being evaluated?    Mr. Messer. Every entity I talk to says they are not.    Mr. Messer. Any others?    Thank you.    Seeing no one else in the queue and no further questions, I thank the panel for their stamina and for their testimony today.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    The hearing is now adjourned.