    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The success of the American economy relies heavily on its vibrant small business community. Small businesses employ 50 percent of our workforce and generate nearly $6 trillion in revenue. When talking with small business owners, we often hear that an intense focus on the bottom line is necessary to succeed. They know every dollar counts and devote significant resources to work that goal.    One area every small business owner must focus on is complying with our tax laws. The tax compliance burden on small businesses takes many forms. Most notably is the complexity of the code itself. With so much paperwork to fill out every year, the majority of firms report spending more than 40 hours preparing their tax returns.    To better understand the costs of the burden and what the IRS is doing to reduce it, this committee requested the GAO report at the center of today's hearing. That report reinforced much of the anecdotal evidence we have heard on previous occasions. The complexity of the tax code creates a number of fixed cost items that do not scale with the size of the company. As a result, smaller businesses are disproportionately impacted compared to their larger counterparts.    One way to address this problem is by simplifying the tax code. By reducing its complexity, small businesses will see decreases in these fixed costs as the need for expert preparation and the time commitment will both be reduced. The complexity of the tax code cuts both ways. Taxpayers' noncompliance costs the IRS nearly $350 billion every year prompting numerous initiatives to close the gap. One of them is the use of Form 1099-K to track electronic payments. By collecting data directly from payment processors, like Visa and PayPal, the IRS intends to cut down on underreporting and spur more businesses to voluntarily comply.    Unfortunately, if the information does not match up or errors are made, it could trigger costly and time-consuming audits for law-abiding firms. In response, the IRS began the Payment Mixed Comparison Tool (PMCT) pilot to reduce the burden which GAO was also asked to look at. While they found IRS's payment card matching program has the potential to reduce noncompliance, it was unclear whether it would reduce taxpayers burden.    GAO also found that the majority of small businesses use pass-through entities, like partnerships and S corporations, which prevent them from receiving a number of business friendly tax incentives. The average corporate tax rate is just 12.6 percent compared to 31.6 percent and 29.4 percent that S corporations and partnerships pay.    Comprehensive tax reform, not only corporate, is necessary to spur additional economic growth in our small business sector. In other words, small entities are not looking for special treatment, just equal treatment with their larger counterparts.    One of the principal tenets of tax policy is that we strive for simplicity and some semblance of certainty. The tax rules should specify when the tax is to be paid, how it is to be paid, and the amount to be paid. Through comprehensive tax reform, Congress can provide small firms with both, by limiting yearly policy changes which will help them more easily plan their business investments, operations, and estate planning based on those known laws.    I look forward to hearing from today's witnesses on the findings and recommendations contained in GAO's report. And I thank you for being here today.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Stephen Mankowski is the vice president and national tax chair of the National Conference of CPA Practitioners, the nation's second largest CPA organization. His firm has been advising small firms on accounting and taxation for over 30 years, helping 2,000 clients annually. As an expert in the field, Mr. Mankowski has participated on IRS panels regarding compliance burden for small businesses and as a member of the NCCPAP, partook in the electronic payment pilot program that was examined by today's GAO report. Mr. Mankowski graduated from LaSalle University.    Welcome to the committee. Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mihm, the payment card pilot essentially compares 1099 forms from payment processors with tax returns to identify underreporting and inconsistencies. If the information on the forms does not match, the IRS sends out notices. What is the benefit of a notice if it leads honest companies to have to put in additional work to reconcile forms that may be mismatched for unrelated reasons such as self-tax, tips, so forth?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. An important element, of course, is the type of outreach that the IRS will do.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. So when you look at tax compliance and the effect it could have on small businesses, did you also look at the fact that since 2010, the IRS lost 18 percent of its budget? Does that have anything to do----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Right.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. But we need to understand that by cutting the budget so that it punishes the agency, in reality, it punishes small businesses because they will not get the type of services needed, such as when you place a call and expect for someone to be able to answer that call.    Mr. Mankowski, you describe how accepting credit cards and their related fees is becoming the norm and just another cost of doing business. However, as you stated, the complexity of accepting different cards with different rules about deposits and deductions adds to taxpayers' burden, how does the rising popularity of electronic payments impact your firm's typical small business client?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Williamson, we know that there has been a movement away from businesses organizing as C corporations in favor of pass-through entities. Today, corporate tax revenue makes up less than 10 percent of our federal revenue. What is it about pass-through entities that make them such an attractive business structure, and what is the effect on small firms when our tax policy hinders their use?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Can you elaborate on whether individual tax rates influence business decisions?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Mr. Mankowski, you mentioned the PMCT pilot program had some drawbacks, including an overly simplistic, typical, or initial response when comparing a client's data to the database. What recommended changes would you make to better implement the program this coming tax season?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield.