    Mr. Roe. Thank you, Chairman. Full disclosure, there are no charter schools in my district. Mr. Robinson, you started out by saying that families make a choice when they move, and you are absolutely right. I remember when I moved my family to Johnson City, Tennessee. I looked for the best public school there was because I had gone to public schools my entire life. I wanted my children to go to good public schools, but I could that because I had the resources to buy a house in that neighborhood.    Ms. Merriweather, whose story was unbelievable and an incredible story, did not have that choice. Fortunately, because someone took an interest and saw real talent in that young woman and invested time in her, she is going to be an advocate for other people. That is one of the most compelling stories I have heard, and a big shout out to you for that.    I do have full disclosure. I do have one son, and all my children went to public schools, but I have one son, with a heavy heart, I have to tell you, has a graduate degree from Vanderbilt. I am very sad about that being a UT graduate.    The point is an education is your ticket out. It is the only chance you have. What I cannot understand, if you are going to a failing school, why anybody would want to keep a child in that school. Why would you let them try if you are failing, why would you not let that child, whatever you have to do, because they only have one chance, and I can tell you, a parent does not give a hoot about meta-analysis or anything else, what they care about is they want their child safe and they want their child learning, and parents know that. They know when they go to a school--a school has a reputation just like a doctor or lawyer or anything else, and we know where kids go and learn.    Look, I do not know the answer to all this, but I do know the answer is not keeping a kid in a school that is not working for them.    I would like to ask any of you to answer this. What is the role or does the Federal Government have any role in this part of public education, a voucher system? Mr. Robinson, I will start with you. What role do you see for the government? Expand it, shrink it, what is it?    Mr. Roe. In our State of Tennessee, we have had the largest gains of any state in the Union. We have moved from the high 40s to 25th now in the country, and that is not high enough. We would like to be number one.    We have made community college free in the state, technical college, free in the state. We have opened those opportunities up for students so that there are no economic barriers now.    I think with Ms. Merriweather's story, her education, her story did not just change her life, and she mentioned it, it changed many other lives and the success she is going to have with her and her family, if she has a family going forward, it will change their lives. Education does not just change one person's life.    The other thing I want to ask is why would a teacher--Dr. Huerta mentioned this--why would a teacher work in a private school for significantly less money? Why would a good teacher do that?    Mr. Roe. Yes, sir.    Mr. Roe. Let me ask this question. My two grandchildren go to a private school, and they do for several reasons, but the tuition at this school is less than what we pay to educate the public. They had a senior class last year whose average ACT score, the class average, was 29. In our area, that works pretty well. The public school system works very well.    I can certainly understand my friends who are public school teachers and administrators why they do not want the dollars that are already thin moved somewhere else. Also, there has to be accountability and success. Where we are, there are no charter schools, so obviously our public schools are working.    Right here in Washington, D.C., I live across the street from a public school, they are not working. There are kids that are failing and they are spending an enormous amount of money on it, not a little bit of money, an enormous amount for failure.    I yield back.