    Mr. Polis. Thank you.    Mr. Cohn, is the problem that you have with the campus judicial processes, is it the standard or is it what you consider to be a flawed implementation of the standards they use, or both?    Mr. Polis. So, now, I mean, it certainly seems reasonable that a school, for its own purposes, might want to use a preponderance of evidence standard, or even a lower standard, perhaps a likelihood standard. I mean, we are talking about a private institution, and if I was running one I might say, ``Well, you know, even if there is a 20 or a 30 percent chance that it happened I wouldn't want a--would want to remove this individual.''    Why shouldn't a private institution, in the interest of promoting a safe environment, use an even lower standard than a preponderance of evidence, like a reasonable likelihood standard?    Mr. Polis. So is the--the lowest standard use under due process is preponderance of evidence?    Mr. Polis. Okay.    Mr. Cohn.--would be preponderance. But that is--    Mr. Polis. Well, but I think we are talking about, again, a--now, so if you are saying--say it would be a public university, can they say, ``We want to use a reasonable likelihood standard for purposes of expulsion or whether a student can reenroll''?    Mr. Polis. But a preponderance of evidence would. Is that--    Mr. Polis. Okay.    Mr. Polis. Well, it seems like we ought to provide more of a legal framework, then, that allows a reasonable likelihood standard or a preponderance of evidence standard. I mean, if there are 10 people that have been accused and, you know, under a reasonable likelihood standard maybe one or two did it, it seems better to get rid of all 10 people.    We are not talking about depriving them of life or liberty; we are talking about their transfer to another university, for crying out loud, or they go do something else.    Mr. Polis. I mean, you know, it is--    Mr. Polis. Let me move on. I have a question for Ms. Maatz.    I want to thank you for your willingness to be here today, and I want to address specific concerns of sexual assault within the LGBT community. Polls have shown that 46 percent of bisexual women have been sexually assaulted and gay men are more than 10 times more likely to experience sexual assault than heterosexual men; 25 percent of transgender people have been assaulted after age 13.    What steps can schools take to ensure that sexual assault response teams and outreach is done in a culturally competent way regarding potential victims of sexual assault, including those who are sometimes marginalized and who identify as LGBT?    Mr. Polis. And along those lines, I think earlier where we were talking about engaging the men, engaging the men, I wanted to talk a minute about male victims, as well. What additional steps or outreach needs to be done with regard to reporting for male victims, for whom there could be a whole other set of issues, whether it is heterosexual or homosexual assault--or abuse?    Mr. Polis. And it is important to show that potential victims of sexual assault can be of all genders and all sexual orientations, as well.    Mr. Polis. Thank you.    I yield back.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Polis.    Mr. Messer, you are recognized for 5 minutes.