    Mrs. Lowey. Well, my good friend the chairman is so very generous. I really appreciate your welcome here to this distinguished committee. And I appreciate you and my good friend Mr. Serrano holding this important hearing.    And I would like to join you in welcoming Director Donovan. Thank you for being here today.    And thank you for your gracious welcome, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Lowey. Welcome.    Mrs. Lowey. With the 2-year bipartisan agreement we reached at the end of last year and Speaker Ryan's focus on regular order, most of us were optimistic that this year's appropriations process would be smoother than the prior years'.    Yet Speaker Ryan, I understand, is entertaining cutting entitlements through appropriation bills instead of through authorizing committees. And Budget Committee Republicans broke with decorum and did not invite you to testify on the President's budget request. This is very surprising to me.    At this time, it is unclear whether House Republicans will even offer a budget of their own. At least the Appropriations Committee is doing its job, and I am very happy to work with the chairman in doing the job. And I am glad to have you here today.    Mrs. Lowey. Director Donovan, do you know the last time a sitting OMB Director was not asked to testify before the Budget Committee?    Mrs. Lowey. And I know because Chairman Rogers and I would like to have regular order and move forward with regular order.    So, Mr. Donovan, Mr. Director, had you been invited to testify before the Budget Committee, are there particular areas of Federal investment that would spur the economy, enhance our national security, provide groundbreaking biomedical breakthroughs that you would have discussed? If so, I am happy to let you speak to those investments now.    Mrs. Lowey. In looking at President Obama's final budget proposal, I see that it would reduce the Federal deficit to $503 billion in fiscal year 2017, down from the current fiscal year.    In fact, since 2009, under President Obama's leadership, Federal deficits have fallen by nearly three-quarters, the most rapid sustained deficit reduction just after World War II. The annual deficit in 2015 fell to 2.5 percent of the gross domestic product, the lowest level since 2007 and well below the average of the last 40 years.    You have mentioned that the budget stays within last year's budget agreement and, as a result, has caused some tough choices. Can you describe the effect of some of these choices on the discretionary side of the budget?    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Lowey. I appreciate your time.    Mrs. Lowey. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your leadership and I do want to say how fortunate we are to have a chair who is so experienced. Your years and years of experience have contributed to your outstanding management of this very difficult agency. We thank you very much.    When I look at the numbers, the markets you are policing have a lot of new registrants--more than 2,300 private funded advisors have registered with the SEC since the effective date of Dodd-Frank, and more than 800 municipal advisors are expected to be registered in 2017. In the next two years, the number of new registrants are expected to be subject to examination, including swap execution facilities, security-based swap data, repository swap dealers, crowdfunding portals. How do you prioritize examinations, given how large your existing portfolio is? How much larger will it become with all of these new registrants? How many of those do you anticipate being able to examine?    How can investors have confidence that everything is being done to prevent another meltdown when so few of these entities are being examined? And will your budget request help build that confidence?    Mrs. Lowey. I think it is important for my colleagues to note that in 2015, the work of your division of enforcement resulted in a record amount of sanctions--$4.2 billion. A record 507 standalone actions were filed, as were an additional 300 follow-on proceedings in delinquent filing cases. If you could share with us, what trends have you noticed in securities fraud? Are they just getting smarter? How will your budget request help you spot fraud and take action against those who perpetrate it?    Mrs. Lowey. That is very helpful. And lastly, in fiscal year 2015, this committee asked for an update on the SEC's efforts to modernize corporate disclosure requirements, including cyber security. You informed us that in March 2014, the Commission held a roundtable to discuss cyber security in furtherance of the Commission's efforts to better inform itself, the marketplace, fellow agencies, and the private sector.    I would be interested to know what lessons you learned from that roundtable. Should companies that file with the SEC be required to disclose cyber-attacks, to engage with the private sector in other ways on cyber security? And I just want to say, Mr. Chairman, I remember years ago--when Ray Kelly was NYPD police commissioner, they were always behind the ball, because corporations were afraid their stock prices would go down if they admitted that they lost $7 billion or whatever in a cyber-attack. I would love to know where you stand on these issues.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to say in conclusion, because we sit on many of the same subcommittees that cyber security is such a huge threat. In my discussions with many of these public companies and some large private companies, they all have their own systems in place.    So, how we all coordinate, how much disclosure--so we can learn from what has happened--there are so many issues involved here. And I appreciate you are right in the middle of it. I thank you, Mr. Chairman.