    Ms.  Rosenberg. Thank you, Chairman Fitzpatrick, Vice Chairman Pittenger, Ranking Member Lynch, and distinguished members of this task force. I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today on U.S. efforts to stop the financing of terrorism. The proliferation of terrorist threats and the growing diffusion and autonomy of terrorists cells internationally demands a whole-of-government response. Stemming the flow of terrorist financing is critical to this effort. The most important defenses against terrorist financing are rigorous Know Your Customer (KYC) and customer due diligence (CDD) practices. With robust KYC and CDD measures, financial institutions can detect and freeze terrorist-linked financial flows and suspicious activity.    Financial policymakers, regulators, and law enforcement officials, of course, have responsibility for ensuring that requirements for such safeguards in the U.S. financial system are strong and that they are upheld. They use the suspicious activity reporting by financial institutions, often produced as a result of KYC and CDD practices along with intelligence analysis, to stem terrorist financing and activity. This may occur in the form of Treasury Department sanctions designations, legal enforcement actions against terrorists, and Defense Department targeting of terrorist threats abroad. To close a critical gap in U.S. efforts to combat terrorist financing, policymakers should advance new requirements for tougher CDD practices and disclosure of beneficial ownership information for legal entities.    The Treasury Department is working on a new CDD rule, as I am sure many of you are aware. And the 2016 Federal budget includes new requirements for beneficial ownership information gathering and sharing tied to the corporate formation process. These initiatives should be swiftly and fully advanced as crucial measures to improve sanctions enforcement and combat criminal and terrorist activity.    Additional steps that would further strengthen financial sector resiliency against terrorist financing threats include new measures to extend anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism or CFT requirements to unregulated financial entities, including investment advisers and real estate agents, as was just mentioned, and, as well, to new digital currencies. Congress should take the leading role in setting new policy in these areas.    To address another serious deficiency in U.S. CFT efforts, policymakers should work to remove barriers that prevent the flow of customer and beneficial ownership data across national boundaries. Such barriers make it difficult for global financial institutions to identify and track illicit finance across the jurisdictions in which they operate. These restrictions also make it difficult for government officials to identify and target sanctions evasion or criminal activity to connect the dots. And the restrictions also hinder efforts to identify new nodes in terrorist networks and links between terrorist groups and criminal enterprises or their criminal activities.    To be sure, sharing information related to terrorism threats presents civil liberties, competition, and financial inclusion challenges. Nevertheless, to facilitate effective law enforcement and successfully combat terrorist financing, policymakers must urgently contemplate new strategies for facilitating the flow of financial data across national borders. A good policy goal would be to significantly ease the transfer of beneficial ownership data between banks with correspondent relationships that are in different jurisdictions.    To achieve this, Treasury Department officials and financial services policy leaders in Congress should engage foreign counterparts, advocating for legislative changes, where appropriate, to allow such information sharing. They can also explore the idea of safe harbor frameworks between the United States and foreign financial jurisdictions to create mechanisms, including appropriate safeguards, for cross-border financial data flows. As terrorist threats are global, we rely significantly on the strength of foreign financial systems and the will of our foreign financial regulatory and law enforcement counterparts to combat terrorist financing. Investing in partner capacity building to combat this threat is directly beneficial to our own national interests. Congress should expand current Federal efforts to help foreign partners strengthen KYC and CDD requirements in their own jurisdictions, as well as laws that criminalize the financing of terrorism or support for terrorism. Allocating funds in the current budget to the new counterterrorism partnership fund will help advance these efforts.    Finally, as an additional measure to combat terrorist financing, legislators should set the tone for ensuring that our government aggressively exposes and targets terrorist financing with financial sanctions. This involves careful oversight of the Treasury and State Departments, which have the responsibility for implementing sanctions and, crucially, the appropriation of sufficient resources to these agencies and to the intelligence community to fulfill this important mission. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I look forward to answering any questions you may have for me.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Thank you. I will speak to this briefly. The greatest area of concern I would highlight is the inadequacy of current laws requiring or inadequacy of laws that could require the gathering and sharing of beneficial ownership information, particularly at the company formation process. It requires a congressional fix. Regulation cannot do it alone. It is an area that was publically identified almost a decade ago by the Financial Action Task Force in which the United States has a critical deficiency. It does not lead the world in this area. And it should.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Yes. Particularly the language that is written into the current 2016 budget that would create the opportunity for gathering beneficial ownership information by the IRS and its sharing without a court order in the process of conducting investigations would go a long way to helping but it is not fully adequate.    Ms.  Rosenberg. In addition to the military options that were laid out, there are a number of options I would bring to your attention in the financial services sector that can be brought to bear against this challenge. Specifically, working with the banks that have local bank branches in this area to ensure as a basic principle that this can be the area under ISIS control is a closed economy and to try and prevent money that comes in and out. Of course, the local bank branches inside the territory is one area. So creating restrictions on any wire transfers moving in and out or additional precautions on deposits made there or removed from there. Additionally, working with the local financial regulators and neighboring jurisdictions, Turkey, in particular, to ensure that where money comes into those financial institutions there from the smugglers, from the truck drivers, from anyone who is moving these counterfeit goods, stolen antiquities, illegally marketed oil, that they are stopped and the money is arrested before it can enter the formal financial system and be moved.    Additionally, looking at the cash that is couriered into ISIS territory by foreign fighters, who are asked, they are solicited by ISIL leaders to bring with them money into this territory. That is an issue for border control to arrest cash moving in, as well as for cyber financial authorities looking at the movement by wire of money into ISIS territory by these foreign fighters.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Thank you for the question. I believe you mean changes since Undersecretary Cohen's testimony. I am not aware of particular changes that have occurred since his testimony. Although the effort to try and expand opportunities for sharing information between government and the private sector moving in both ways presents a particular challenge, as well as you mentioned between financial institutions themselves. The option I suggested in the context of across national border information sharing contemplating safe harbor arrangements I think may pose an interesting example to explore. Creating protections or a comfort, if you will, for financial institutions to be able to bring forward potential risks or threats without the fear of liability in such a safe harbor arrangement is critical.    One option that already exists is specific outreach by government institutions to stakeholder communities within certain financial sectors, for example, through people who have security clearances outside of the government and who are able to, in a confidential manner, discuss potential threats. Of course, there are competition, anticompetition challenges associated with that. But much more needs to be done in that area to make sure that everyone, they are common stakeholders in preventing terrorist movement, terrorist financial movement, they are able to do their job.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Thank you, Congressman.    There are a couple of suggestions I would make. The first is to ensure that additional sanctions under E.O. 13224 for terrorism concerns are aggressively pursued against Iranian financial institutions. Successful efforts in that domain will rely on excellent new intelligence work which I think needs greater resources in order to make sure that the kind of diverse money laundering schemes associated with terrorism can be found that may come forward in the future.    In addition, the 311 action taken by Treasury's FinCEN previously could be revised and updated to highlight particular concerns related to Iran's support for terrorism and its use of financial institutions in order to give clarity and information to financial institutions in the United States and, of course, elsewhere about the particular methodologies of concern that they may anticipate seeing in the future.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Congressman, could I speak to that?    Ms.  Rosenberg. Thank you. From my perspective, the best way that financial institutions that maintain correspondent banking accounts with each other have to make sure that the money flowing through customer accounts, wire transfers, what have you, is safe and legitimate money is to make sure that they can properly exchange information about the client, including beneficial ownership information. National level restrictions that prevent the flow of that information make it such that that information cannot always be shared, even within the same financial institution that crosses a national boundary, which can mean that it is possible for the financial institution and the financial system broadly to be abused. So the ability for financial institutions to make their decisions about which correspondent banking relationships to maintain is significantly affected and will be supported if that information can be shared across national boundaries.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Thank you for the question. In order to counter the threat that Iran poses to our financial system and, indeed, to our national interests as the state sponsor of terror, there are a number of things that we can do from a policy and regulatory perspective to address this. One is the modification of the 311 on Iran, as I mentioned previously. Additionally, I would suggest doubling down on sanctions targeting the IRGC and its links to terrorism. So though many sanctions including all the most significant economically punishing ones on Iran will be lifted on implementation day under this deal, assuming that takes place, sanctions on IRGC and those that are imposed under terrorism theories are not going to be lifted, and secondary penalties would still be associated with them.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Yes. I agree. It seems that way to me, at a minimum, from the perspective of identifying, naming, and shaming entities associated with that and arresting their ability to use the financial system.    Ms.  Rosenberg. I think you can with a court order, the challenge is making that information more easily accessible and movable to various authorities in a position to investigate and pursue appropriate legal action or who are in a position of needing to understand the methodologies in order to create better policy to prevent threats in the--from terrorist threats and others from accessing and using the financial system. Additionally, that is at the IRS level, and this doesn't extend to the creation of legal entities at the State level, where it would be quite useful to gather additional beneficial ownership information from legal entities when they are formed and verifying that information over time.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Partly because of the burden it would place collecting and verifying this information on the States and putting it at the Secretary of State level and others, there is not a great level of interest by the States in pursuing new laws and policies in this domain, which is one of the reasons why it was incumbent upon Congress to create national-level policy in this area. I don't want to diminish the significance and the burden that this will be on the Sates, but as has been testified by my colleagues from the panel and by other witnesses in your prior hearings, the nature of the threat that is posed by abuse of our financial system by terrorists and entities involved in corrupt activities is commensurate with the burden that it would be on our financial system and on the Sates in order to make this a reality.    Ms.  Rosenberg. The key threats, maybe I could take this by offering you my views on the key vulnerable abilities by which these threats can enter and abuse our financial system. So I mentioned the hole that exists in the gathering and the sharing of beneficial ownership information, as well as information sharing, not just to highlight one particular challenge that exists across national boundaries. But the challenge of sharing information and, indeed, aligning expectation between independent regulators and overseers within our own financial system is a challenge. And by that, I mean the challenge in coordinating law enforcement financial supervisory authorities and policymakers in their various expectations and about what best practices are and what kind of activity should be pursued with law enforcement activity.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Thank you, Congressman, for the question.    I think that the appropriate way to move forward for the United States policymakers in particular is to ensure that the deal--assuming it does move forward--is carefully and aggressively implemented, and that includes the orientation of U.S. policymakers to act independently if necessary or certainly collectively within the mechanism of the U.N. to reimpose sanctions in part or in whole if Iran is shown to be cheating on its commitments. There is nothing in this agreement that says that the U.N. has to completely reimpose all sanctions which puts quite a high bar on Iran's cheating in order to do so. It can do so--the U.N. can snap back partial sanctions. The United States should also affirm its right and ability to reimpose sanctions or take other measures outside of those financial coercion mechanisms in order to make sure that Iran is complying with the deal.    And relevant to the conversation that was just occurring before you had your time on the floor here, I think it is true that we should be concerned that Iran will be a greater threat, terrorist threat, through itself and through its practice in the region if the United States and allies abroad do nothing further. That is why we have heard a number of suggestions about additional steps U.S. policymakers should take in order to ensure that Iran is not able to move money around itself or through its proxies. For concerns about countering trade-based money laundering that Hezbollah and others are associated with, as well as Iran's use of newly undesignated financial institutions, to the extent that there is a current evidentiary record supporting that will illuminate illicit finance and that Iranian banks are engaged in, that should be exposed publicly. The United States should designate those banks under terrorism authority, and we should urge our international partners to join us in designating those banks in order to keep them outside of the legal financial system and not able to move illicit Iranian funds around the financial system.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Off the top of my head, I cannot remember a number of BSA examiners. I might have when I was still at Treasury. I am sure we can find that number.    Ms.  Rosenberg. No, no problem.    Ms.  Rosenberg. But I think to your point about whether they have the adequate examination capacity, much has been said about the inadequacy of Federal functional regulators or examiners to adequately cover both the financial institutions as well as the nonfinancial institutions that are at risk for terrorist financing and other corruption and criminal activity. There are ideas that exist about how to transfer some of FinCen's for example, examination authorities to the IRS and to other--divulge those to other State regulatory authorities in order to look after potential illicit activity occurring at bank and nonbank financial institutions. But certainly the reason for such creative thinking is because there is currently an inadequacy in that area.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Absolutely. And, unfortunately, that $50 billion is only a marginal constituency in a broader threat about which this task force and indeed many other stakeholders should be concerned.    Ms.  Rosenberg. May I speak to that issue?    Ms.  Rosenberg. Congressman, I think you have just laid out the perfect argument for why it is important for the bank, that banks, that app, to have a strong AML program. Now, that bank has correspondent banks which may exist in the United States. And there are financial regulators in the United States and in India which have a responsibility to ensure that app banked by that bank in India does not engage in money laundering or terrorist financing activities. So U.S. financial regulators have an opportunity directly for institutions in our jurisdiction to require them to engage in appropriate customer due diligence, to make sure that none of any illicit finance moving through that app can come back into our financial system.    Ms.  Rosenberg. If that bank in India is doing its job, what it will have, doing a good job, what it will do is gather adequate information about that app, who the beneficial owners are of this app, the kind of activity that app will be engaged in domestically, internationally, et cetera. And if anything moves beyond, they should have a requirement to file any kind of suspicious activity reports which, if it is properly shared with law enforcement in the United States and internationally, then that information will be disclosed. There are many links in that chain that can be weak ones. Nevertheless, that is the argument you have just laid out for a strong program.    Ms.  Rosenberg. Thank you. You mentioned border control. So one of the challenges for U.S. financial institutions, such as Bank of America, Citibank, et cetera, exists when they are trying to put together suspicious activity that exists within their own financial institution across borders. So, for the United States and in Mexico, for example, if they suspect there is activity associated with bulk cash movement, drug, narcotrafficking and the movement of drug money across a national border, the U.S.-Mexico one in particular, it can be difficult for them to move suspicious activity reports within their own financial institution that are not designed to ever move outside of it in order to put these pieces together and communicate them to Federal regulators. In addition, the idea that I had mentioned previously about contemplating safe harbor arrangements that would allow the sharing of this information and possibly a self-certification mechanism similar to what exists organized by the Commerce Department for technology sharing, technology information sharing, may be a model that can be borrowed from in the case of financial services.    Ms.  Rosenberg. One of the challenges for FinCEN is, of course, putting together the appropriate--understanding the methodologies that are used by criminals. The case you just mentioned is trade-based money laundering. Having the adequate reporting from financial institutions when they flag certain suspicious activities that they identify as associated with trade-based money laundering--and the Hezbollah example is an excellent one--allows them to then comb through their own, organize and analyze their own massive bank of SAR material in order to create the methodologies that they can then share with the law enforcement community either as particular leads or in the form of illuminating the particular methodology that would exist from a criminal enterprise, which can then allow law enforcement counterparts to build cases and pursue them.