    Mr. Rademaker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Congressman Engel, members of the committee.    It is a pleasure to be here again to testify on this issue. And it is a special pleasure for me to be here with Dr. Makovsky, with whom I have worked on this issue on two Iran task forces at this point. We haven't coordinated our testimony, but I am sure I am going to agree with what he says.    I will summarize my testimony. At the moment, we are all focused, because the press is focused, on the remaining issues in disagreement in negotiations. But one of my points is we shouldn't allow that focus on issues like inspections and the possible military dimensions to divert our attention from the more fundamental problems with this agreement, which I think are basically baked in. The first point I make in my testimony is that even if all the issues that are in dispute today, the ones we are reading about in the newspapers, are resolved on favorable terms to the United States, this is still a bad deal. And I would refer you to the testimony I presented previously as to why I think it is a bad deal.    But among all the reasons that I have put forward in the past, the single most important one to my mind is the sunset clause. And the point I have made in the past and I repeat in my testimony today is that if it is dangerous for the United States to face an Iran today that in 2 to 3 months is able to produce a nuclear weapon, if that is dangerous and it is so important to extend that to a 1-year breakout time, that we are prepared to eliminate all the sanctions that we put in place, why isn't it going to be even more dangerous in 10 years for Iran to have a much shorter breakout time with which they will be able to produce a much larger number of nuclear weapons than is the case today?    If 2 to 3 months is dangerous today, isn't it going to be vastly more dangerous to have a breakout time that measures in days or weeks starting 10 years from now? That is fundamentally what this deal provides to Iran. And to me, that is what is most alarming about it.    I spent a lot of time in my testimony focusing on the statement that was put out by the group of bipartisan American diplomats, leaders, and experts at the Washington Institute, a very distinguished group, including some of President Obama's former advisers on the Iran issue, including Howard Berman, the former chairman of this committee. It is a very useful statement, and I expect it will figure importantly in the congressional debate that takes place because of the stature of these individuals. They identify a number of concerns. They make a number of recommendations for modifications to the agreement. I agree with their comments. I hope those modifications are made.    But less noted is the fact that they are also concerned about the sunset clause. They don't use that term, but it is in the statement. And they come up with what I think is actually a radical solution to the sunset clause problem. And I want to draw your attention to it because I think it speaks to the question of what Congress should do and what situation is this deal putting the United States in and what do we do about it.    I quote the relevant language from their statement, beginning at the bottom of page 2 of my testimony, but what they say is it needs to be U.S. policy to prevent Iran from producing sufficient fissile material--that is material to produce a nuclear weapon--sufficient material for a single nuclear weapon, both during the agreement and after the agreement expires. So that ``after the agreement expires,'' they are talking about the sunset clause. We need to make sure they can't produce enough material for a nuclear weapon either now or after the agreement expires. And they say: The United States must go on record now that it is committed to using all means necessary, including military force, to prevent this. The President should declare this to be U.S. policy, and Congress should formally endorse it.    So they are basically saying you, the Congress, should authorize the use of military force if Iran at any point, either during the agreement or afterwards, produces enough fissile material for a nuclear weapon. Now, the reason that is a radical proposal is, of course, the proposed agreement, in fact, permits Iran to produce enough fissile material for a nuclear weapon. Basically what they are saying is if this agreement comes into force, the United States concedes to Iran the right to produce fissile material and lots of it if they decide they need to do that, but we should then bomb them if they exercise this right that we are giving to them. And I think that is a pretty sobering recommendation because this debate is often cast in terms of we either need this deal, or we are going to have to go to war. It is the deal or war. But if you read what all these experts are telling you, they are saying: Well, actually there may be war even if we give them this deal because the deal is going to authorize them or permit them to do things that would require us to use military force in any event.    I mean, these are not random people. These are very serious people, including President Obama's top advisers. And the point I make at the very end of my testimony is that, as distinguished as these people are, I don't think that recommendation makes a lot of sense. If we are going to bomb Iran, let's do it in defense of the existing U.N. Security Council resolutions. Let's not do it in defiance of this agreement that the President is about to sign because this agreement permits Iran to do things that they are saying if Iran does, we need to bomb them. I think we will find ourselves without many friends if we disregard this agreement and then proceed to use military force against Iran.    So that is one of the key points of my testimony. I also do comment on some of these issues in dispute, the possible military dimensions issue, which is a question of the history of the Iranian nuclear program. I think it is very important. Secretary Kerry said we know enough; we don't need to get into this. I think the International Atomic Energy Agency deserves the support of the United States to get to the bottom of that question. We know how to require countries--we required North Korea to cooperate with the IAEA. They have never required, they have never conditioned any of the benefits in this agreement on cooperation between Iran and the IAEA. They call for it, but they don't condition anything on it. So that is not serious support to the IAEA in its effort to get to the bottom of the matter.    One of the other issues that has just emerged in the last week is Iran is suddenly saying, contrary to what was in the fact sheet that was released on April 2 that described the proposed deal, that fact sheet said sanctions on ballistic missiles and conventional arms transfers from Iran would be kept in place. The Iranians are now saying they want all those sanctions to be ended. The intelligence community assesses that with foreign assistance, Iran this year could test a ballistic missile capable of striking the United States. Understand that what Iran is saying is they want the prohibitions on receiving that kind of foreign assistance to go away. They are saying: We want to be able to get the foreign assistance we need to be able to produce a ballistic missile to strike the United States this year.    And as you pointed out, Mr. Chairman, their whole ballistic missile program makes no sense in the absence of a nuclear weapon. To strike the United States with a conventionally armed ballistic missile makes no sense. With a nuclear weapon, it is a serious threat. And the idea that these two are unrelated is simply illogical. And, in fact, it is part of the possible military dimensions issue that the IAEA wants to dig into. They want to look at the links between the ballistic missile program and the nuclear program. And that is why the United States needs to support them on that issue.    I think I am out of time. So I will end. And I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Rademaker. You are clearly grasping the point I made in my testimony, which is this agreement will concede to Iran the right after 15 years to produce highly enriched uranium, bomb-grade material, without any limitation on the amount of that material they may accumulate. Now, ordinarily, you would think if somebody is producing bomb-grade material in amounts in excess of what you need to build one or two or three nuclear bombs, that they must be on track to build a nuclear bomb.    But there are peaceful explanations one could put forward. One such explanation would be if they were to say, for example, we want to build a nuclear navy because, hey, you Americans, you have a nuclear navy and you use highly enriched uranium to fuel the nuclear reactors in your submarines; that is what we are doing. Now, if Iranians say that, are the people in this room going to believe them? Are we going to think that that is really what they are doing? Or are we going to suspect that what they are really doing is accumulating the material so that they can breakout overnight with a large arsenal of nuclear weapons. Personally, I am going to think it is a pretext.    But your question, Mr. Chairman, is, what is the rest of the world going to think.    Mr. Rademaker. And, you know, I think a lot of the rest of the world is going to be prepared to give them the benefit of the doubt. And they will point to this agreement and say: Hey, you Americans, too late for you to object; you signed off on this.    Mr. Rademaker. Correct.    Mr. Rademaker. Congressman, I guess the principle observation I would make in response to that last question is the military option didn't look any better in 2006 or 2007 than it does today.    Mr. Rademaker. Well, it has always been the same problem. You can destroy physical things that are on the ground, but you can't destroy technology. And they have the technology, they have the blueprints, they can replace----    Mr. Rademaker. The ability to reconstitute was always there. I think we could destroy what is on the ground today, but we understand that if we go down that road, we are going to have to come back every year or 2.    Mr. Rademaker. Thank you. And nice to see you again, Congresswoman.    I have focused a lot of my criticism on the sunset clause, because it does essentially give them a radically enhanced breakout capability upon the expiration of the agreement. Even President Obama has conceded this. I quoted his statement where he said by the 13th year of the agreement their breakout time will have--and this is President Obama--it will have ``shrunk down almost to zero.'' That is the President. That is the best he can say about his own agreement.    The agreement does include an indefinite prohibition, a nonsunsetted prohibition on reprocessing. There are two ways that a country can get fissile material for a nuclear weapon, they can reprocess spent nuclear fuel, and that gets to plutonium, or it can enrich uranium. So they have agreed permanently not to reprocess. And that is a very useful, that is an important concession. And that one is not sunsetted. But on the enrichment side, which is the other pathway to fissile material, it sunsets beginning after 10 years.    And what is interesting to me is the Iranians have not hesitated to reopen issues in this negotiation. They did it just this week on the conventional arms embargo and the U.N. sanctions on ballistic missile transfers. That was something that was previously agreed, and they have just reopened it and said: No, actually, we don't like the deal we struck a few months ago, we want to renegotiate that.    I don't know why the U.S. side isn't equally tenacious in these negotiations. Why doesn't our team say: You know, this sunset clause, we have looked at it, it is a problem for us, we need to renegotiate that. The Iranians are doing that today on the arms embargo. Why can't our negotiators do the same?    Mr. Rademaker. Congressman, you make many great points, and I can't possibly respond to all of them. But on the Thomas Friedman piece, I excerpted from it in my testimony. I mean, he makes the very insightful point that the Iranians have been much more effective negotiators, just as a technical matter, advancing their interests, refusing to budge, basically approaching these negotiations with the perspective of the United States and its allies need this agreement more than we do.    And Friedman points out, that is just fundamentally not true. Iran needs this more than we do. But the psychology of this negotiation is the opposite and the Iranians have taken full advantage of that. And I am with Tom Friedman, I want Khamenei to sell my house too, because he has proven a very effective negotiator.    I don't know why our team can't be as effective as they are. Just this week--I made this point already, but I want to reiterate it--just this week the Iranians reopened an issue that was agreed to previously. It had been agreed that the U.N. Security Council would leave in place the sanctions on ballistic missile transfers and on conventional arms transfers. That is in the April 2 State Department fact sheet. It just says these will be kept in place by the U.N. The Iranians here at the very end say: Oh, you know, actually, we want to change that, it is disadvantageous to us, we want to change it.    I don't know how that is going to come out. I really worry, though, that you are going to see some backsliding.    Why is it that only the Iranians can reopen issues? It seems to be consensus in this room that the sunset clause is a disaster, okay, it is just disastrous for our interests. It scares our allies. Why can't our negotiators reopen that issue? Why can't they say: Hey, we still want a deal, but, hey, Iran, you agreed to an indefinite band on reprocessing of spent fuel, okay, so you can't--I mean, this thing doesn't have to sunset, you have agreed to some restrictions that are of indefinite duration.    We need that not just on plutonium. We also need that on enriched uranium. Let's go sit down and talk about that.    Mr. Engel, you made the point, what are the alternatives? I don't know that we need to walk away from the table. I mean, I think we can negotiate as aggressively as the Iranians are negotiating this week, reopening issues that were previously agreed. Why can't we do that?    Mr. Rademaker. I think it is clear that a lot of our friends, in fact, I think all of our friends in the region are concerned precisely about that, that this deal represents a shift in the balance of power and acquiescence by the United States to that shift. And it puts the question in their laps, what do they do? And some of my copanelists have commented on that.    But the signing bonus, $100 billion, $150 billion, the estimates vary, but when I testified here about 2 months ago I pointed out that their national budget, their government budget, is $300 billion a year. So this is somewhere between a third and half the amount of money that their government spends every year.    If somebody were offering to hand that much cash to the United States Government, it would be Christmas Day and our birthday and every other holiday all wrapped up in one. I mean, you can imagine the kinds of proposals that would elicit about what we could do both domestically, but also in terms of foreign policy. With that kind of money, would we feel like we would need to retrench, or would we feel like we could be more assertive internationally?    It is not just the amount of money, it is the amount of money relative to the size of the Iranian economy.    Mr. Rademaker. Congressman, there is a long, long history of determined aggressor states, determined cheaters flummoxing international inspectors. There is a wonderful Winston Churchill quote. I don't have it in front of me, but it is an absolutely wonderful quote describing how Hitler completely flummoxed the League of Nations weapons inspectors who, prior to World War II, had the mandate of inspecting whether Nazi Germany was deploying certain prohibited weapons in the Rhineland. And Hitler just ran circles around them, because he stumped them.    You mentioned the example of Iraq. I am speaking here as a legal matter. I was a commissioner of UNSCOM, which was the U.N. weapons inspection organization for Iraq. The legal authorities given to UNSCOM by the U.N. Security Council were vastly stronger than anything that the inspectors are going to have in Iran and anything that is under discussion. Iraq was a defeated state. Saddam Hussein had been defeated in the first gulf war.    The U.N. imposed a highly intrusive weapons inspection mechanism on him, and he still ran circles around it. And they had, talk about anywhere/anytime access, I mean, those guys could bust down doors, they could go anywhere they wanted; seize computers. I mean, it is inconceivable that the inspectors in Iran are going to have the same sort of legal authorities.    Saddam Hussein was still able to conceal things from them. I mean, if the Iranians wish to conceal, they are going to have ample opportunity to do that under any imaginable inspection mechanism.    Mr. Rademaker. Congressman, I was nearly responding to Congressman Wilson's question about whether we should take--what conclusions we should draw from the Iraq experience. And the Iraq experience was that, even with highly intrusive inspection authorities, it is possible for determined cheaters to withhold information.    Mr. Rademaker. I mean, it is a fair question. I think where it takes you is you negotiate to get the robust legal authority you can possibly get, you exercise that authority, but you still have to view the results with skepticism.    Mr. Rademaker. Because it is possible for a determined cheater. And Iran has a long record of secretly proceeding with nuclear development activities that are only exposed by exile groups or foreign intelligence agencies.    Mr. Rademaker. So we just have to approach the Iranians with great skepticism given their track record.    Mr. Rademaker. Yeah, I think that is a pretty good analogy. The administration is saying, today they could load one plane with one bomb in 2 to 3 months, and we want to extend that to 1 year for the next 10 years, but then after that it would be an entire fleet that they can load with dozens of bombs, and we will worry about that in 10 years.    And the question is, is that sort of a wise--I mean, if you are worried about the next 10 years, yeah, you have improved your situation for 10 years, but beyond that a vastly worse situation. And then if you want to do something about that in 10 years, you face the additional problem that the other side will say: But you are violating your agreements. You promised.    Mr. Rademaker. Right. It got them a long way, didn't it?    Mr. Rademaker. If the final deal looks like what we have been told it will look like, my advice to the Congress is use its independent judgment. The President can say he thinks it is a reasonable deal. But I think Congress needs to look at it independently----    Mr. Rademaker . Dispassionately. I am not a Member of Congress, but if I were looking at that detail, I would have to vote no on it.    Mr. Rademaker. I don't know whether in the Republican-controlled House a resolution of approval is actually going to be put forward.    Mr. Rademaker. But if it is a resolution of disapproval, you know, my recommendation would be a no vote. We hear that the alternatives are worse. And it is usually described as either this deal or war. We have all these----    Mr. Rademaker. But the point I want to make to you is you have all these wise men who, including President Obama's former Iran advisers, who are saying: Well, actually, it could be this deal and the war. And, in fact, Congress should vote to authorize use of force in the event not of Iranian cheating but actually in the event that Iran exercises some of the rights that are going to be granted to it under this agreement. That is what they say.    Mr. Rademaker. I can read you the language.    Mr. Rademaker. I quote it in my testimony.    Mr. Rademaker. The only thing I would add is I do think we have to take a much firmer line. But I am not sure, people talk about walking out of the negotiations. I think what that really means is a willingness to not agree to terms that aren't acceptable. But I don't think we need to slam the door on diplomacy. I think in terms of alliance management, just our international, you know, maintaining international consensus, there should remain a willingness to achieve a negotiated solution. That would be the ideal solution. But it should be a negotiated solution on acceptable terms, not the terms that have been agreed to at this point and which apparently we are satisfied with the Iranians reopening questions where they are dissatisfied, but we--maybe the Iranians are right, maybe President Obama thinks we need this deal more than they do because he is not willing to reopen disadvantageous agreements that have already been reached. I don't know why that would be though. It seems to me we can reopen and try and get a better outcome on things like the sunset clause.    Mr. Rademaker. I can't predict with confidence what the administration will do. But given that it is clear that the administration is committed to lifting nuclear-proliferation-related sanctions. It will be a definitional question: Is that particular listing related to nuclear proliferation, or is it something else?    Mr. Rademaker. I think there is an issue of ballistic missile proliferation, conventional weapons proliferation.    Mr. Rademaker. But we understand those issues are now on the table too. So where this comes out, I don't know. But I guess what I am confident in predicting is it is going to be a pretty darn good deal for Iran.    Mr. Rademaker. I think the answer to that, if your timeframe is the next 10 years, that is the duration of this agreement. So really you are asking are they going to cheat on the agreement. I don't know. They have cheated on a lot of things up until now. I think they are very comfortable with that idea. But one thing I have suggested in my past testimony is that rationally this is such a good deal for them that they shouldn't cheat. Rationally, they should let 10 years go by and then if they want to break out and produce nuclear weapons, they can produce a much more robust, much more serious nuclear force very quickly than they will be able to do covertly over the next 10 years. So, rationally, they shouldn't cheat. Rationally they should take advantage of the sunset clause and then emerge either as a nuclear weapons state or the other--I mentioned this the last time I appeared here--whether they actually produce nuclear weapons or whether they are a screwdriver turn away from having them, there is an important legal difference between those two----    Mr. Rademaker . You get a lot of the political and sort of national security advantages of having nuclear weapons if everybody knows you are a screwdriver turn away. So it is not clear to me they will necessarily go all the way. But if everyone knows they can do it overnight, they get treated as if they had nuclear weapons anyway.    Mr. Rademaker. The one clarification I would add, you put the question in terms putting sanctions back on. The sanctions are still on. They have not yet been lifted. What this deal does is it begins to lift the sanctions.    Mr. Rademaker. I would add an additional observation. As you may know, part of my background is in arms control. In addition to following the Iran issue, I followed very closely President Obama's negotiations with Russia on the New START Treaty. And I see a lot of similarities between the way he negotiated with Russia at the beginning of his administration and the way he is negotiating with Iran here at the end of the administration. I would just make the observation that I think as a negotiator, President Obama is a man who thinks that demonstrating goodwill will elicit reciprocation by the other side. And he thinks goodwill gestures on our part will be met by goodwill gestures. And just by demonstrating goodwill, that mistrust can be overcome. It is sort of a nice feel-good way to approach the world. And I am sure there are situations where that is true. But I think when you are dealing with Vladimir Putin, as he learned in the New START negotiations, it wasn't true. The Russians sensed weakness, and they tried to take advantage. And I think the same is true dealing with the mullahs in Tehran. These are not men of goodwill. These are very hard-nosed individuals who have an agenda.    And I think Tom Friedman, I commend the piece to you, it is quoted in my testimony, the Iranians have read President Obama. They know he is determined to get this deal. It is now an issue of legacy in his mind as well. And they intend to leave nothing--they intend to leave absolutely nothing on the table. They are going to pick our pockets and then some.