    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairman Roe, and Ranking Member Polis. The health insurance landscape has changed tremendously for employers and employees since the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act implementation.    Just last month, we celebrated six years since ACA's enactment and celebrated the 20 million previously uninsured Americans who now have access to quality, affordable coverage.    In my region of South Texas, from San Antonio down to the Rio Grande Valley, we have close to 200,000 families receiving tax credits to help pay for coverage. In 2009, prior to ACA, 40 percent of the families in my congressional district were uninsured. Today, in 2016, only 20 percent are uninsured.    We have made great progress in this large region that has been growing so fast. Today's hearing focuses on alternative insurance models for employer provided health coverage, but in my view, any changes to employer coverage must be handled carefully as over 147 million people currently rely on employer sponsored benefits for health needs.    As you well know, the governor and the Texas legislature did not embrace ACA in our State, and they did not allow expansion of Medicare, nor did they allow creation of the Texas health insurance exchange marketplace.    However, in spite of those actions, Texas saw 1,306,208 people enrolled in private plans for 2016 through the Texas exchange during open enrollment. I am encouraged that we are doing some things right and helping a lot of people who under the conditions that our ranking member, Bobby Scott, gave that could not afford it or had preexisting medical conditions, are now covered.    So, my question that I have goes to--I have my papers a little mixed up here, excuse me. To Sabrina Corlette. Based on your expertise, how can Congress work together with health care service providers to ultimately reduce the cost of health care experienced by patients?    Mr. Hinojosa. I agree with you. I want to be sure that the record reflects that across all 38 states, that use healthcare.gov, in the final week of the 2016 open enrollment period, eight of the 10 local areas with the fastest growing enrollment numbers were in Texas. It included Corpus Christi, Harlington, Laredo, El Paso, Odessa, Midland, San Antonio, Abilene, Sweetwater, and Lubbock.    I am encouraged. I am an optimist and I believe if we can just tweak ACA a little bit, that we can make it work for so many more people, and with that, I yield back.