    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Gruenberg--is that correct?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Yes, thank you. I want to follow up on a question the chairman asked. There are a couple applications you said that are pending for de novo banks, but you said that there's been no action on them. So are they considered dead file? Because ``pending'' suggests to me that something is happening with those applications or with whatever is before you.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Before. Right. And so those applications, are they pending or are they dead?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Well, pending suggests to me that something----    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Pending suggests that there's something that is expected of them or is expected of you to tell them what they need to do in order to move through the process. And so that's confusing to me.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Right. It shouldn't be pending and be dead at the same time, right.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. According to reports issued by the FDIC in 2013, nearly 8 percent of households in the United States were, quote, ``unbanked,'' meaning that they did not have bank accounts. One of five households was, quote, ``underbanked,'' meaning that the household had at least one bank account but also used alternative financial services, with the most common sources for alternative sources being grocery, liquor, convenience, or drugstores, or even, I guess, check-cashing stores.    Dr. Johnson, what challenges do consumers face in obtaining basic banking services from these institutions, these alternative institutions?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Dr. Johnson.    Mr. Gruenberg, FDIC, you indicated you're committed to increasing participation of unbanked and underbanked households in the financial mainstream. What does that mean? What are you doing or what do you propose to do and what is the timeframe for doing those things?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you.    In a lot of communities, the impact of the Great Recession is still very profound, and many individuals are continuing to suffer from it, entrances and exits from the banking system.    Mr. Williams, what steps has your bank taken to reduce the number of unbanked and underbanked in Louisiana?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.