    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to the panel for being here.    Mr. Sopko, for the past two Congresses, as you know, the House has passed multiple amendments to limit funding or reduce funding for the Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund, some of my amendments as well. Unfortunately, these bipartisan amendments don't get through and into the spending packages because of the insistence by DOD that additional funding sources are needed to finish the projects.    I understand that we look to our commanders in the field. We want their guidance. We want to know what they think is necessary to finish the important job that they are doing, but should DOD also fully analyze the costs of particular projects and whether the Afghans will be able to maintain these projects before we allocate additional resources?    Mr. Walberg. That is just expected.    Ms. Abizaid?    Mr. Walberg. Do you anticipate asking for additional reallocated funds for these projects?    Mr. Walberg. You are confident you have enough funding?    Mr. Walberg. Mr. Sopko, as a general matter, did DOD conduct any risk-based analysis or feasibility studies before undertaking any of the construction projects that SIGAR inspected?    Mr. Walberg. Ms. Abizaid, could you answer that? Did any feasibility studies to deal with the taxpayer funds?    Mr. Walberg. Has this then produced additional effort to do feasibility studies and risk analysis before you even begin the engineering and the expensive process?    Mr. Walberg. Well, you know, we would all, all I think feel better if we knew that the process began first with a risk analysis, feasibility study before we invested.    Mr. Sopko, do you believe that the Afghan Government is prepared to take over full responsibility, operation, and maintenance of DOD-constructed facilities in Afghanistan?    Mr. Walberg. I appreciate that. That is a question that we need to keep asking, especially in context of how long we continue to put ourselves in harm's way. That includes our taxpayer funding as well. So thank you.    I yield back.