    Mr. Huizenga. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate that.    And gentlemen, it is good to see you all again. Mr. Silvers, we have something that we agree on. I heard you say that the Dodd-Frank bill was a compromise piece of legislation, and by that I assume you mean a compromise between Senator Dodd and Representative Frank, because there weren't any Republican votes for that during that time.    But I do want to touch on a couple of quick issues that Mr. Atkins had touched on, and I am going to go in a little different direction because of some of the work that we have been doing on the committee.    The first one is pay ratio. The rule is expected to come out, I believe next month, from the SEC. I had an opportunity to question Chair White back in March of this year, and her quote from an October 2013 speech was that seeking to improve safety of--I'm sorry, it is my next question.    The pay ratio rulemaking, really the SEC didn't have any experience or expertise in this. At the time, it seemed the SEC doesn't know exactly where it is going, whether it is going to include part-time employees, contract employees which may be temporary workers, it may be the cleaning crew who comes in, who gets hired to come in, much less overseas employees.    So if you would maybe quickly touch base on that pay ratio provision that is required, and what you expect as a former SEC Commissioner, what might happen.    Mr. Huizenga. And that has been very common, correct?    Mr. Huizenga. I do want to quickly move on to something else that has had great impact on manufacturers like Watts in Michigan. I am very tied to the automotive industry. We have a tremendous number of tier 1, tier 2, and tier 3 automotive suppliers that are dependent on rare earths for their products and products that are put in.    This is where in an October 2013 speech Chair White had said, ``I may wholeheartedly may share some of the compelling objectives as a citizen, but as Chair of the SEC I must question as a policy matter the use of Federal securities laws and the SEC's power of mandatory disclosure to accomplish these goals.'' She is talking about the conflict minerals.    I had an opportunity just yesterday to meet with the Rwandan Ambassador, Mathilde Mukantabana, minister of mines, Mr. Imena, and a mine owner, Emery Rubagenga, who came to my office expressing grave concern. The $20 million that the government of Rwanda spends on its mining operations, $2 million of that is spent for exploration and surveying, $5 million to $6 million of that is spent on trying to comply with Dodd-Frank conflict mineral rules.    And my fear is that there is a huge impact on our manufacturers while other manufacturers throughout the world are not subject to the same rules, and it is having little or no positive effect on those it was intended to help.    This committee had a subcommittee hearing, I guess a term or two ago, where we had some folks from the Democratic Republic of Congo in, expressing that exact same thing.    I think it is imperative upon us--again, I would agree with Chair White. Very laudable goals and objectives are missing the mark because they are not truly helping those who are trying to escape that conflict. And they are certainly not helping the United States and our manufacturers as we are trying to compete in the world economy.    Mr. Atkins, you had touched on that, so maybe a couple of seconds on that?    Mr. Huizenga. Thank you, and I will mention that her response to a letter is, the SEC has spent over 21,000 hours and approximately $2.7 million on that particular provision, and to what end?    Mr. Huizenga . Excuse me, Mr. Zywicki, the time of the gentlelady has expired. As entertaining as ``Fat Tony'' is, the time has expired.    Mr. Huizenga. And we do need to move along. So, with that, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Ross, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Huizenga. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Huizenga. With that, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Huizenga. The gentleman's time has expired. With that, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Huizenga. The gentleman yields back. Just to let our Members know, there has been a motion to adjourn, a vote call. It is a 15-minute vote. So with that, we are going to continue with some questioning here, but if it is all right with our panel, I believe we will shortly take a break to go vote and then reconvene.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Ellison of Minnesota for 5 minutes.    Mr. Huizenga. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. Huizenga. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Huizenga. The gentleman's time has expired.    With that, we are going to go to our last questioner before we take a brief recess.    And the Chair recognizes Mr. Rothfus of Pennsylvania for 5 minutes.    Mr. Huizenga. Sorry, we won't start the clock yet, but just so that everybody is clear, the game plan will be that we will recess briefly, go and vote, and return immediately and continue with the hearing.    And with that, Mr. Rothfus?    Mr. Huizenga. The gentleman yields back.    And just so that everybody is aware, we have 2 minutes and 40 seconds left in this 15-minute vote, and so we will recess at this time, and until immediately after votes, when we will return. Thank you.    