    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to continue our conversation about vaccinations. And, yes, we are talking about flu today, but there is another issue out there and Ms. DeGette mentioned this. Vaccine politics injected into 2016, measles outbreak infects politics and debate.    Now, this is far too serious an issue to be treated as a political football. People still die from measles. And the CDC Web site tells us it was eliminated from the U.S. in 2000, but yet we are seeing this outbreak. And I have to tell you, it is of tremendous concern to me as a mother and a grandmother. I am hearing so much about this from my constituents, and they want to know some answers, they want to know how you all are addressing this. And I will tell you, when I hear about counties in California that have lower immunization rates than the Sudan and Chad, this is something that is of concern to me.    I am a Rotarian. We have invested decades into eliminating and wiping out polio, and then to hear this about the U.S., I am concerned.    We know the measles outbreak started in California. It has affected over 100 people in 14 States, and that most of those people were not vaccinated. So we do want to veer off and ask you some questions in this realm today.    And I yield back.    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And as I said earlier, I want to focus on measles because we are hearing so much about this. And bear in mind, I have a daughter who has two children. They are in kindergarten and pre-K, and I can tell you, and I am sure you all and your teams, are fully aware that a lot of the mommy blogs are focused on this issue right now. And it is a big issue with our constituents.    And, Dr. Schuchat, let me come to you first. I just want to be sure what the known knowns are about the measles virus. If you would elaborate for just a second. We are hearing 102 cases, that out of these only five had a vaccination against measles. Do you know what the rate is how they are affecting elderly as well as children? If you will give us just 1 minute on this.    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. Let me ask you this. As a physician, and a representative of our Nation's public health agency, if you are talking to a parent, should they be more fearful of the disease, measles, or the measles vaccine?    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you.    Dr. Fauci, same question to you.    Mrs. Blackburn. So if it were your child or grandchild, you would say vaccinate?    Mrs. Blackburn. Excellent. Thank you, sir.    Dr. Robinson, I am going to let you off the hook today. I usually have quite a group of questions for you. And I do, I have some questions on Tamiflu and on the stockpile and the shortage, but as one of my researchers from Vanderbilt told me this weekend, we don't always get the flu right and had a way of terming how we go about looking at this. I am going to, in the interest of time, submit these and would love a response from you.    And I yield back.