    Dr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to present a question to the entire panel. I just want to get in my mind the magnitude of what we are talking about here, in looking at reducing the impact of emissions on global climate change. And how much would the United States have to reduce its emissions to have an impact on overall global emissions? And would there be a noticeable impact on the environment if no other nation did the same?    In other words, if we were the sole entity to reduce our emissions, what would the total impact be on the conditions that we assert would be affected by this? Sea-level rises, the overall average temperature change, plus or minus. Panel members, can you give me a perspective on what would happen under that scenario?    Dr. Wittman. If we were the only country to address it, how much would we have to reduce our emissions in order to have an impact, a noticeable impact, on those conditions, sea level and----    Dr. Wittman. Ms. Goldfuss--or anybody else that would like to answer that?    Dr. Wittman. OK. Ms. Goldfuss, let me ask you this--again, to get a perspective. Do you envision any single project that you either wouldn't approve, or wouldn't be approved under this guidance that would have a significant effect on global climate, sea-level rise, all those different parameters? Can you give us an example about how, if you didn't do a project or a project that you anticipate--a single project that would have an effect on those conditions?    Dr. Wittman. Well, give us the nature of how it would inform decisionmaking. What do you think the outcome of that would be? In other words, if you are saying, well, we have to have this information that we believe would reflect climate change, how do you envision that would impact the outcome of that decisionmaking?    Dr. Wittman. Would you see under the NEPA process what you see now, incorporating climate change information, would you see that being the turning point for a project then not being approved, based on the projected impact of----    Dr. Wittman. OK. Mr. Christy, I want to ask this. The one purpose of NEPA, as we know, is to increase transparency, so we understand the information that is being exchanged in this decisionmaking process. The draft guidance suggests that agencies incorporate the social cost of carbon into NEPA review documents. Can you tell me, was the social cost of carbon created in a transparent process?    Dr. Wittman. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Huffman.