    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Castro. Welcome to Washington, D.C., and to the committee. Earlier in your comments, you made repeated references to your mission, which I would paraphrase, but I think accurately, to meet housing needs of the borrowers that the Single Family Mortgage Insurance program is designed to serve. I have a problem with that assertion. My problem is, when you use the term, ``mission,'' it renders it or has the connotation of something some consultant facilitated your executive management group to come up with. But in fact, Mr. Secretary, it is a legal obligation, is it not?    Mr. Heck. Not just culturally, but statutorily?    Mr. Heck. So last night, an incredible earth-moving event occurred. Jon Stewart announced his retirement from The Daily Show, and it got me to thinking about all the things that he had said over the years that caused me to sit back and ponder, one of which was, when we amplify everything, we hear nothing. And I fear that we have amplified something here today which caused us not to hear something else, namely, that you are ``in violation of the law.'' But of course, the law has many faces. So I thought I would go back and check, as it were, the controlling legal authority. And here is what the National Housing Act says. And I want to make it really clear that this is an 81-year old statute that was reaffirmed both in 1959 and in 2008 by this Chamber. It says that if you determine that the Fund is not meeting the operational goals established under paragraph (7), you may make appropriate premium adjustments. And here is one of your operational goals. Here is one of your legal obligations. This language will be familiar to you: ``To meet the housing needs of the borrowers of the single family mortgage insurance program it is designed to serve.''    So I think my point, and I am soliciting your response, is yes, you have a legal obligation under the law to get to 2 percent reserve, but you also have a legal obligation to serve the borrowers that this program was designed to serve. And it just seems to me, Mr. Secretary, and please respond, that what you have attempted to do is balance those two legal obligations, and it seems to me that the reduction of the insurance premiums was a way you were able to reconcile what could be construed as conflicting legal obligations. Do you agree?    Mr. Heck. Not just a mission, but a legal obligation to serve them.    So quickly, let me ask you once again about HECM, the reverse mortgage program. As you know, I was involved with my friend, Congressman Fitzpatrick, in reforming that legislation a year-and-a-half ago. If I read the balance sheet correctly and the independent actuary's assessment, you are making progress, but what is not clear to me is whether or not the changes brought about by passage of the Reverse Mortgage Reform Act that Mr. Fitzpatrick and I worked on together, have themselves, if you can bifurcate the performance of your legacy HECM program with those reverse mortgages that have been underwritten since enactment of the reform legislation. Can you do that?    Mr. Heck. I would very much appreciate the clarification.    Mr. Heck. You are welcome, Mr. Secretary. Please extend your gratitude to Mr. Fitzpatrick as well. I had one more question, but I yield back the balance of my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.