    Dr. Cairns. Thank you very much, Chairman McSally and Ranking Member Payne, for this opportunity to provide testimony.    The National Collaborative for Bio-Preparedness and the U.S. Critical Illness and Injury Trials Group, both are designed to improve the surveillance, the detection, and the response to and recovery from biological events. The overall goal of these programs is to intervene early enough during the bio-event to save lives. There is a National need for timely intervention in bio-events in order to save lives.    As an emergency physician, I know that timely diagnosis and clinical intervention save lives. I have been involved in a State-wide system of heart-attack care that utilizes emergency medical services, including EMTs and paramedics, to rapidly diagnose and deliver appropriate treatment. This system has been replicated across the country and has been proven to save lives.    Thus, we have shown that we can provide timely, life-saving interventions for anyone, anywhere, anytime, on a State-wide basis. We need to extend these systems Nationally and apply them to biological threats, whether they are due to bioterrorism or natural disease outbreaks.    So the NCBP system was designed to provide rapid recognition of clinically significant biological events, with the mission to provide more effective decision making in health and emergency responses at the Federal, State, and local level.    Last fall, NCBP released an operational system capable of real-time analysis of streaming health data. Users can search by clinical symptoms, syndromes, free text within health records, and incorporate data on hospital resources, weather, critical infrastructure, and internet searches. The NCBP architecture can now support the integration of virtually any data source for simultaneous analysis and layered geographical visualization.    Now, while the system was originally developed as a tool to detect incidents of bioterrorism for use by analysts within the Department of Homeland Security National Biosurveillance Integration Center, DHS now appreciates the system offers the opportunity to collaborate with State and local officials in sectors such as public health preparedness, health care, infrastructure protection, and agriculture. This collaboration provides more sensitive and specific insights than DHS attempting to monitor the Nation single-handedly.    For example, local jurisdictions have a difficult time correlating DHS BioWatch environmental measures data to clinical data. Local officials are challenged to take action in the event of a biological attack without a keen understanding of whether people will become ill. The NCBP system is designed to provide this important perspective and to support the decisions necessary to deploy public health countermeasures.    I suggest Congress support the efforts of the NBIC program to provide NCBP information to local officials.    EMS data, emergency medical services data, has turned out to be most timely and consistent. We have shown that EMS records can detect flu outbreaks earlier than the standard hospital- and laboratory-based approaches. Indeed, we have shown that free text analysis of EMS records can readily identify patients at risk for emerging infections. If Texas had been part of the NCBP system, it likely would have rapidly detected that initial case of Ebola in Dallas last September.    With adequate funding, NCBP will incorporate additional States, implement additional analytic and visualization tools and other data types, as well as engage new local, State, and Federal users.    But there is also a National need for a rapid, effective clinical response system in bio-events. During public health emergencies, reliable patient data are needed to identify groups at high risk for severe illness and death and to assess the impact of the event on critical health care resources. Yet experience with influenza and Ebola indicate that real-time clinical data aggregation, analysis, and reporting remain a strategic vulnerability.    Many of these logical challenges stem from the distributed, even silent, approach we have to emergency preparedness, as delineated by Senator Talent. The good example is, yet again, our response to Ebola. There was no preparedness on how to collect data longitudinally as to whether the medical conditions of the patients presenting were similar, whether medical countermeasures worked, or if any of those measures had any toxicity or interacted with other therapies, or even if they had any effect on long-term outcomes.    The U.S. Critical Illness and Injury Trials Group Program on Emergency Preparedness, which has been supported by ASPR, has been partnering with DHS and HHS agencies to begin to foster collaboration and build new capacities for data collection and research in order to address key questions of a successful response and address these challenges to the chain of resiliency. Failure to aggressively extend, support, and fund this initiative will amount to yet another potential failure of imagination for the next outbreak or act of bioterrorism.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify today, Madam Chairman.    Dr. Cairns. Well, thank you very much for the question.    I think that the deputy commissioner outlined what is a best practice, in terms of response to these kinds of entities. So, no, I don't think Tucson and Phoenix would have that same experience, nor would they have those resources.    So we need to incorporate, of course, the learnings from New York City, but we have to think about: How do we have a dedicated isolation unit the way Bellevue was set up? Our hospitals are overwhelmed now, so having that dedicated space just in case is just a luxury we haven't been able to invest in. Then how do we deal with other issues that involve the populations outside--Tucson, Phoenix, or any number of Western States? How do we make a difference for everywhere for anything at anytime, I think, would be one of our big challenges.    Dr. Cairns. Thank you very much for the question.    I think some of the lessons we learned from Ebola is that we need to be prepared to be able to collect data rapidly, have a system in place to understand the place of countermeasures, and then look at the effect of countermeasures on both individual patients and as a collective. We currently don't have that system in place. So I think the first lesson is we need to be prepared not only for operational experiences but also to better understand the impact and value of our countermeasures.    I think another key lesson is that it has been very difficult. It has been my experience, working with DHS and HHS across multiple agencies on how we might develop that, both across the clinical groups, professional organizations, and coordinate with the rest of the world, that it became very difficult. Frankly, we had more interactions on a standardized case form with our clinical trial groups in Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and the Europeans and the World Health Organization than we did within the United States.    So I think we really need to start addressing this as a National priority and be prepared to get timely information, effective assessment to countermeasures, and a system to deliver those countermeasures to the patients that would benefit most.    Dr. Cairns. Again, thank you for that question.    Indeed, one of the things that we think is very important, Congressman, is for first responders to be integrated into the system. So we developed the NCBP system based on the experiences and the perspectives of EMTs and paramedics and increasingly are trying to reach out to highway patrol, police, and fire so that they at least have the information needed to both understand a situation they might be going into as well as contribute information that can be integrated into the larger collective.    They are just a critical component of our Nation's health care system. They clearly are going to be not just the tip of the spear, but they are first in time, in getting an understanding. They need to be protected.    Dr. Cairns. They need to be aware.    Dr. Cairns. I would approve of that; in fact, a movement towards community paramedicine, where we take advantage of the prehospital care system and EMS system to help take care of patients every day--people who are in assisted living facilities, people who have to have care at home, those special populations that Senator Talent referred to. Why not utilize these people and their expertise and their interaction with the community to facilitate every-day care?    So, most certainly, giving them an option to participate in a response, I think, would be a valuable adjunct.    Can I make one comment about medical countermeasures?    Dr. Cairns. I do believe the FDA is making progress. In fact, they have supported the U.S. Critical Illness and Injury Trials Group to try to come up with ways to be proactive in data collection and assessment of medical countermeasures.    So continuing to work with ASPR, FDA, as well as Homeland Security, in order to empower and embrace the effective countermeasures for use by paramedics, EMTs, and first responders, I think, should also be a priority.    Dr. Cairns. Well, we need to emphasize the development of these countermeasures. We have to facilitate pathways, including animal testing, that then can be applied in like clinical scenarios. Frankly, that is one of the things we have just developed with FDA, in conjunction with ASPR, is a way to think about how to do that for one of those key agents on that list.    But we also have to think about how we can rapidly adapt to changes either in virulence of a particular organism or the emergence of something we have known about for a long time like Ebola. So being prepared about how we not only test and reassess the value of those countermeasures, but to have it as a priority to have them developed.    There were so many countermeasures available for Ebola, for example, yet we didn't test any efficacy on most of these, and yet that program could be vital in the future. Imagine all the rest of the 15 agents on that list and how we might actually apply them to people who need them.    Dr. Cairns. I agree that we need to share information and, frankly, need to share data, not just with local groups and the Federal Government but across the Federal Government.    The National Biosurveillance Integration Center, for example, has been kind-of pigeonholed into looking at open-source data, and my understanding is that they are not getting data from the CDC BioSense Program, for example. So having data shared across Federal agencies and made available to State and local officials who have this responsibility to respond and understand the situation and employ countermeasures would be a very valuable step forward.    Speaking of the VA, you know, I think there is a real opportunity to utilize the VA system and VA data, which is standardized and available across the country, but those data aren't integrated into the system either.    So I think having shared data, shared information, and a collective response to this issue of preparedness as well as countermeasures would be a very valuable first step.