    Ms. Myers. Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, members of the subcommittee, and Congressman Walden, thank you for this opportunity to speak with you today.    My name is Sarah Myers, and I am the Executive Director of the Oregon Association for Home Care.    Our organization represents over 58 home health agencies, employing over 2,000 professionals and providing Medicare home health services to more than 30,000 Medicare beneficiaries who are homebound and many of whom are rural.    As you know, home health patients are among the most vulnerable in the Medicare program, and, in fact, Federal data shows that they are older, sicker, poorer, and more likely to be a minority and disabled than all other Medicare beneficiaries combined. Due to their frail condition, these seniors have been deemed homebound by their physicians, meaning they cannot leave their home without help or potential injury to themselves.    That is where skilled home health care providers come in.    We deliver nursing, therapy, infusion, medical social worker, and support services to patients recovering from an acute illness following a hospitalization. We also serve patients with severe disabilities that may confine them to a wheelchair or bed. Home health providers also care for patients whose disease state has advanced to the degree that their health and their mobility are now compromised, and compromises their continued ability to maintain independence without assistance.    Not only do our professional home health services meet the clinical needs of our patients in the patient preferred home setting, but they help our patients avoid being rehospitalized, and as a result, they help generate significant savings from the Medicare program and taxpayers.    Home health care is especially important to rural America. Without any access to hospitals, nursing homes, or other facilities, residents truly depend on home health. In fact, more than 630,000 Medicare beneficiaries in nearly 2,000 rural counties relied on home health services in 2013.    That is why I am here today, to speak to you and ask you to help us continue serving the frail seniors who need our care and the rural communities who depend on our delivery system.    One of the greatest burdens we face today is the implementation of the face-to-face requirement; but let me be clear: We strongly supported your action to require that no claim would be paid unless it was for services ordered by a physician as a result of the face-to-face encounter with the patient. That is good medicine, and that is good program integrity policy.    We need to keep in mind that the physician also certifies the patient's eligibility for Medicare coverage under penalty of various anti-fraud laws. What has created the burden on physicians and home health providers is not the policy but how it has been implemented with impossible-to-meet documentation requirements that are not in the law enacted by Congress.    Inconsistencies in the lack of standardization have forced providers to chase physicians multiple times to address issues of semantics, not to improve patient care or to improve quality performance. Documentation compliance has become a moving target, resulting in countless hours of providers and physicians attempting to meet Medicare's unclear documentation rules, resulting in thousands of denied claims. Whether it is a missing signature on a completed form or an insufficient description regarding a patient's clinical condition, the implementation has resulted in a process that has, ultimately, created a paperwork mess of what should be straightforward documentation. Patient care is the priority. Burdensome paperwork and navigating red tape should not be.    What is most alarming with the documentation demands is that thousands of claims have been denied based on insufficient documentation even though a review of the full patient record reveals that the patient meets Medicare coverage criteria. This is not happening in a vacuum either. It is occurring at the same time home health providers are struggling under an unprecedented 14 percent, 4-year cut. A cut which is pushing home health agencies to the brink.    Medicare has tried to fix the documentation nightmare. However, its efforts have fallen far short. Fortunately, there is a solution. Congressman Walden is authoring legislation that would establish a simple approach to documenting physicians' face-to-face encounters with their patients. In place of confusing requirements, physicians would simply record the date of the encounter and use a form to identify the clinical condition for which home health is needed.    We need this legislation. It will preserve your good policy while reducing unneeded paperwork and enabling us to continue serving homebound seniors in Oregon and all across America.    In closing, I want to thank Congressman Walden and all of you for your support of home health care and your dedication to America's rural communities. Your efforts mean very, very much to us. Thank you.    Ms. Myers. Absolutely. In a number of cases that we provide services to Medicare homebound beneficiaries, some of them are wheelchair bound, many of them are in very rural areas with very little access to community and/or family support systems. There are certainly a number of patients that we serve that are severely homebound, and without assistance, truly cannot get out of the home, even to simply get to a physician's office for a visit. So there are many cases where we are dealing with highly functionally impaired individuals.    Ms. Myers. Absolutely. Most specifically, we have a lot of patients in Congressman Walden's district who have very little access to care. They may live 60 miles, 100 miles from the nearest hospital, and it is very difficult, not only for clinicians to reach them due to the rural conditions and the areas in which they live, but also, certainly, very difficult for those patients to get out to basic health care so that they may continue to be independent.    Ms. Myers. Absolutely, and I thank you for the question. A lot of the examples that we are seeing on claims and denials and requests for additional documentation from the reviewers include things such as a missing date, a missing signature. One denial, in particular, was due to the fact that the reviewer could not read the handwriting of the physician, and in particular, could not read the physician's signature itself, which I find to be terribly odd because the record requires us to provide an NPI number to validate that the physician is actively billing Medicare and the system. And so it is a little bit of an oddity.    The other denials that we do see are related to the status of the clinical condition of the patient and the homebound status. Some of the denials we have seen involve the description by the physician and how he or she may describe the patient's condition. For example, one physician described the patient and their need for skilled care as a double leg amputee. To me, that is pretty clear that that patient is not going to be able to get out of bed, into a wheelchair and to do the general things that we take for granted every day. But certainly, that particular instance did require some additional documentation on the part of the physician.    Ms. Myers. Well, we have certainly have been working extensively as a stakeholder in that group, and with our national association through that process. And I think that we are seeing some movement forward, but I think that, to the extent that it goes far enough in order to avoid the thousands of denials we are seeing, we don't believe that it currently does. I think there are sections in the proposal for that new form that still require such documentation that could be subjectively denied by a reviewer and determined to be insufficient.    Ms. Myers. Thank you.    Ms. Myers. Well, I would argue that most of the documentation is done by hand. There are so many different electronic health record systems out there, they don't speak to each other, at least not as consistently as they could.    Ms. Myers. And home health agencies, for the most part, do have some form of electronic record, but in rural communities, there is no capital funding for that. So, for example, in some of the areas where we have experienced issues with, for example, Veterans Administration, and a lot of our rural providers who provide care to patients who are serviced through the VA across the border, they are finding that the VA electronic records are not even being accepted by the contractors and reviewers, and they were previously approved. So there are some problems.    Ms. Myers. With respect to fraud reduction efforts, I might want to consult one of my national colleagues about that. Certainly with the Oregon Association for Home Care, we work with all of our providers to make sure they are knowledgeable about the laws and regulations, and to make sure that they understand what the guidance is relative to implementing that, those laws. And certainly, the physicians are subject to many antifraud laws, and so it is important--a critical piece of the process.    Ms. Myers. Absolutely. Thank you for that question. We have spoken a little bit about some of the examples of claim denials. In one additional example that I have, an orthopedic surgeon was treating an 82-year-old patient and referred them to home health care following a total knee arthroplasty, which had to do with the knee itself. Certainly this woman was wheelchair bound.    It took five attempts from the home health agency in working with the physician's office to get confirmation and documentation back from the physician. So that is one example where the physicians are extremely fed up with the documentation requirements and the difficulty.    We have talked also about the fact that there are other issues related to things like signatures, dates, missing documentation, or descriptions of documentation that have fallen under that insufficient and subjective mode from the reviewers.    Ms. Myers. Well, certainly, we have a number of small and rural agencies on the east side of Oregon, which comprises most of Congressman Walden's district. In those cases, there are certainly less staff, less ability to be competitive, to hire good clinical nurses and physical therapists to provide the care for the patients that is needed at home. So it has both an impact on the agency in terms of attempting to spend less time on paperwork, and chasing documentation, and more time in patient care.    Ms. Myers. It is a little of both. In the case of smaller and rural agencies, they have less of an ability to hire additional staff. I have one particular example of a provider in Wheeler County, and the agency is the only provider in that county, and faced closure this year. She is a nurse, she provides care in the community, she is traveling 60 miles to treat farmers, ranchers all over the county. And her inability to manage both patient care and handle denials and paperwork related to all of this documentation are really making that agency struggle significantly.    Ms. Myers. I think it is between 5 and 10 in the entire county.    Ms. Myers. It has created a relationship of almost antagonism, and it is as if the home health agency is the antagonizer, but certainly, we are just the bearer of the regulation and the rule and the requirement. So it is straining that relationship in ways that it normally wouldn't be.    Ms. Myers. Absolutely not. The requirement for the face-to-face encounter with the patient is still fully maintained with the proposed bill. And it further is required, and a condition for payment under the Medicare home health benefit. The physicians still must certify the patient's eligibility for coverage, and the bill provides for a cleaner, more standardized process by which we would be able to operate and be able to focus more on patient care rather than chasing paperwork.    Ms. Myers. Absolutely, and in the case of my father, right before he passed away, I was attempting to get home care for him, but he couldn't stand up, literally, or make it to the car and have my mother help him to get into the car to make it into a physician's office. So it is very challenging, and that may present an opportunity.    Ms. Myers. Absolutely, and as Jeffrey Weil indicated, you know, many of the agencies across the State are experiencing very similar situations with thousands of dollars pending.    Certainly, the impact to patients occurs where the physicians these days are getting, you know, arguably, very fed up with the documentation requirements and that they simply have said to some of our providers, ``Forget it.'' The documentation is too much. It takes too much time and too much time away from patient care. And unfortunately, in some cases where the physician is struggling with this documentation to make a referral for home health care, they are just simply saying no. So the patient gets caught in the middle.    And, as I have said previously, the denials are, you know, plentiful on a lot of technicalities and semantic issues, and, certainly, that needs to be fixed, and we think that this bill would help tremendously to do that.    Ms. Myers. Absolutely.