    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to our witnesses. I want to welcome you, and certainly thank you for your testimony and I particularly want to acknowledge the extraordinary corporate citizenship of CVS, a company that I have admired for a long time, particularly when it made its very courageous and impactful decision to forego selling tobacco products at the loss of $2 billion in revenue. But I think you have really set an example for health care companies and I just want to publicly applaud you for that.    I want to go first in response to you, Mr. Balto has said in his testimony, well it was in his written testimony here today that plan sponsors need more transparency in order to make sure they are receiving the full benefits of PBM bargaining power and to make sure that PBMs effectively rein in drug costs. It sounds like a reasonable proposition would you respond to that claim?    Mr. Cicilline. And so is it fair to conclude that your assessment is that the transparency related to your relationship with the pharmaceutical company, that it could produce higher costs for the consumer?    Mr. Cicilline. And Mr. Balto also argued that PBMs exclusivity arrangements with some drug manufacturers can keep drug prices artificially high by keeping lower-price drugs off the market and by incentivizing PBMs through manufacturer rebates to switch patients from prescribed drugs to more expensive alternatives. Would you respond to that argument.    Mr. Cicilline. So some consumer groups have argued that PBMs keep the proceeds of rebates and discounts and keep a disproportionate share of that for themselves, and so that one could conclude from the rise in profits of PBMs that they're not fully passing on savings to health and to consumers.    But despite that, there is a report from the FTC, August 2005, that shows that PBM-administered prescription drug coverage pay between 15 and 50 percent less for drugs than non-insured consumers by an exact same drug. And so I first ask unanimous consent, Mr. Chairman, that this be made part of the record.**---------------------------------------------------------------------------    **Note: The material submitted by Mr. Cicilline is not printed in this hearing record but is on file with the Committee. See also ``For the Record Submission--Rep. Cicilline'' at:      http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/      ByEvent.aspx?EventID=104193.    Mr. Cicilline. And I'd ask Ms. Pons if you could respond to that claim and the findings, because my interest is what will get my constituents the lowest cost. And we talk a lot about another effort to permit the Federal Government to negotiate discounted prices directly with pharmaceutical companies to the Medicare program, which they're prohibited from doing. It seems like PBMs are at least achieving that through their scale. It seems as if that's what the report concludes, and I would just like you to respond to that.    Mr. Cicilline. And, Mr. Chairman, if I may just ask one final question. Mr. Balto argues in his written testimony that there is an ``increasing disregard of the antitrust laws in the pharmaceutical area'' and argues as a result that ``consumers suffer from a lack of choice in the marketplace.''    And in 2009, your company was actually investigated by the FTC based on allegations of anticompetitive behavior. I'd wonder if you would just briefly state what the conclusions of that were, and I would ask unanimous consent that a letter from the Federal Trade Commission dated January 3, 2012, be introduced into the record.    Mr. Cicilline. And finally, Ms. Pons, are you familiar with a 2011 Visante study that found PBMs will save plan sponsors and consumers almost $2 trillion or nearly 35 percent between 2012 and 2021 when compared with the prescription drug expenditures made without pharmacy benefit management? Can you speak a little bit about that.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you.    And I Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the indulgence.    I would just finally say that, you know, one issue, which is obviously not before this Committee, is the power and, you know, ability of pharmaceutical companies to really skew the marketplace with very little controls on their ability to increase drug prices. And, you know, that's an issue which I think is very much part of this conversation and hard to disaggregate, but it seems to me that the ability to at least have some bargaining power against these pharmaceutical companies in the marketplace is something that we should attempt to preserve as much as we can.    And with that, I yield back.