    Mrs. Lowey. See, there are differing views, my friend. I would rather have a Ben & Jerry's summit or something like that. You can keep your cigar. But any event----    Mrs. Lowey. Well, it really is a pleasure for me to welcome you, Mr. Secretary and General Odierno. We are so lucky to have people of your capability and stature and commitment, and I thank you for your service to our country and I thank you for being here today.    I just want to say a couple of words about the sequester. And I know there are all kinds of ways we are dealing it, with OCO, et cetera. But the fiscal year 2016 Army budget request states that it provides the resources to support the defense strategy of protecting the homeland, building security globally, and projecting power and winning decisively, as well as the most urgent combatant commander requirements, and it begins the recovery of readiness and modernization.    However, the fiscal year 2016 request assumes that sequester is no longer in effect, even though it is still unfortunately the law of the land. And we can interpret that many different ways.    I want to make it very clear so I understand. If sequester continues into fiscal year 2016 and beyond, will we be able to meet the National Defense Strategy?    General Odierno. Ma'am, no, we will not. We have stated this very clearly. We will no longer be able to meet the Defense Strategic Guidance as we have defined it.    Mrs. Lowey. And what impact would the BCA levels of funding have on readiness specifically and our ability to respond to the multiple combatant command requirements around the globe?    General Odierno. So right now we are at a low, we are at about a 33 percent readiness rate. If sequestration comes in we will get even smaller in terms of our readiness. We have about a 4-year window until we get end strength down to the level necessary that would actually increase our lack of readiness. And then in 2019 or 2020, when we got to the 420,000, then I would be concerned about maybe do we have the appropriate capacity to meet the needs around the world of multiple simultaneous requirements that we have today.    Mrs. Lowey. Well, and I assume you have had these conversations with members on both sides of the aisle, because there always has been bipartisan support for the important work you are doing in protecting our homeland. So I find it extraordinary, with the increasing threats around the world, that there should even be a discussion about keeping sequestration in place.    And I know that there are other discussions we are having, such as OCO (Overseas Contingency Operations), but it would seem to me that your needs are clear, the threats are more dangerous than ever before, and that we have an absolute responsibility to respond after in-depth discussions.    And I hope, Mr. Chairman, we can have other discussions after this hearing and make it clear to our colleagues how important this is.    And I just wanted to thank you both for your service.    Thank you.