    Mr. King. Thank you. Chairman Chaffetz, Representative Plaskett, and members ----    Mr. King. Chairman Chaffetz, Representative Plaskett, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today.    In January of 2015, I joined the Department as senior advisor delegated the duties of deputy secretary, and I became Acting Secretary on January 1 of this year when Secretary Arne Duncan stepped down.    I firmly believe that providing our children with a great education is not just about subject matter knowledge, but also about instilling the values that will help them become faithful contributors to our communities and democracy. I expect all Department employees to adhere to the highest standards of ethical conduct.    Before I address the actions taken by the Department with respect to the report by the inspector general in this matter, I'd like to provide you with a brief update of what the Department has achieved to enhance our cybersecurity since the agency last testified before this committee, as I believe we have made meaningful progress.    Specifically, we have moved from a rate of 11 percent compliance for two-factor authentication of all privileged users at the conclusion of the cybersecurity sprint to an overall compliance rate of 95 percent as of January 31, 2016. We continue to work aggressively with a single external vendor to accelerate implementation of two-factor authentication for the remaining privileged users at that vendor and project to achieve 100 percent compliance during March 2016.    I view cybersecurity as a responsibility of the entire agency, not just that of any one individual. And although we have made and are continuing to make progress, I am not satisfied with where we are as an agency. I've notified my team that we must do better, and I've directed my team to immediately undertake additional actions to strengthen our cybersecurity.    These steps include using a focused and disciplined approach to systematically resolving and addressing the root causes behind any cybersecurity-related findings from both our 2015 FISMA audit and the 2015 financial statement audit.    I have also directed the team to take additional steps to increase end-user cybersecurity awareness, to strengthen our incident response capabilities, and to continue to build the capacity of our internal team through hiring of additional professionals with expertise on these issues who can assist us in implementing best practices and improving the Department's cybersecurity program.    Returning to the IG's investigation and report issued to me in March 2015, I considered very seriously the allegations. Ultimately, my response to those allegations closed a several-years-long investigation and confirmed and supplemented the work of two prior deputy secretaries at the Department there and my staff and our Office of the General Counsel.    I considered this matter in the overall context of Dr. Harris's more than 30-year career with the Department. Dr. Harris has been steadily promoted under administrations of both parties to roles of increasing responsibility. He was promoted to the Senior Executive Service in 1998 and was appointed to his current role as CIO during the prior administration under Secretary Spellings in 2008. He has been widely recognized for his work in the CIO role.    Given that history of service and my commitment to ethics, I was therefore troubled to learn of the IG's investigation. However, I was also informed that Dr. Harris had been counseled by former Deputy Secretary Tony Miller on this matter, as well as my immediate predecessor, former Deputy Secretary Jim Shelton and the agency's lead career ethics attorney Susan Winchell.    Upon receiving the IG's addendum in 2015, I again consulted with the general counsel's office. The synopsis of the addendum stated that the U.S. Attorney's Office in the District of Columbia had declined prosecution. After reviewing the addendum, the Office of General Counsel and Ms. Winchell advised that the additional information included in the addendum served to confirm the conclusions reached by the Office of General Counsel and two prior deputy secretaries following receipt of the initial report, namely, that the OIG investigative materials did not include information that could support a finding that Dr. Harris had violated any law, rule, or regulation.    I considered all of these factors, along with the fact that the actions in question had occurred several years earlier, had since ceased, and that Dr. Harris took immediate responsibility for his actions and, where appropriate, included the relevant income on his financial disclosure forms and took other corrective actions.    Based on these facts, I determined the appropriate course of action was to supplement the actions already taken with counseling of my own for Dr. Harris on these serious matters. I also asked Ms. Winchell to confirm her prior oral counseling to Dr. Harris in writing.    As I stated at the outset, ensuring that the public's business and our work of expanding educational opportunity for all students are carried out according to the highest standards of ethical conduct is vitally and personally important to me. I believe the Department took appropriate actions to address the issues raised by the investigation and ensure that they are not repeated as we continue to work to rapidly strengthen our cybersecurity posture, an area of critical need and a top management priority for me over the coming year.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to answering any questions you may have.    Mr. King. Congressman, respectfully, what I can attest to is the dramatic progress since I arrived at the Department ----    Mr. King. I was not present at the Department. I joined ----    Mr. King. I joined ----    Mr. King. He was previously supervised by deputy ----    Mr. King. Certainly, I have sent a clear message to the entire Department that we are committed to ethical conduct, as did my predecessor, Secretary Duncan. And with respect to this specific issue, it was taken seriously. Counseling was provided. They conduct that was of concern in the IG report ended by 2013. And cybersecurity is a top management priority for the Department. We've made substantial progress since last January when I joined the Department, but there is clearly much more work to do to ensure that we're ----    Mr. King. We provide ethics training to all new employees and annual ethics training to all employees. Ms. Winchell runs a strong department-wide ethics program. In the specific case of Dr. Harris, as I indicated previously, after the IG report, Deputy Secretary Miller and then Deputy Secretary Shelton reviewed the IG report with the general counsel, who advised that there were no violations of law or regulations or policy, but nonetheless, both took the step of providing counseling, which I think was humbling for Dr. Harris, made clear that the conduct needed to end. All of the activities cited ended by 2013.    When I joined the Department in 2015, the outstanding issue was the addendum resolving the referral to the Department of Justice. The Department of Justice also found there was no justification for further action in terms of a violation of law.    I again consulted with the general counsel. Again, she advised that there was no violation of law or regulations. However, because I was concerned about sending a clear message about the importance of ethical conduct, I counseled Dr. Harris again and asked the general counsel to provide written guidance to Dr. Harris on all these matters.    Mr. King. I believe that the evidence is clear that the activities have stopped. It is clear that Dr. Harris understands the gravity of the impression that was created by his activities. His remorse is evident. We have made significant progress on cybersecurity over the last year that I've been at the Department, and Dr. Harris has been a key participant in that. He also is performing ably in other areas of his work as CIO in terms of infrastructure, planning for the continued upgrades to technology at the Department.    The message around ethical conduct is clear from me and certainly from the training that is provided to all employees. We make clear that not only do we need ethical conduct, but we can't even have the appearance of any impropriety.    Mr. King. That was what was advised by our general counsel.    Mr. King. Well, as you know, the general counsel's role is to review--our chief career ethics officer, her job is to review the findings from the inspector general and to determine whether or not there has been a violation of law or regulation or policy. The general counsel advised ----    Mr. King. As I indicated previously, the general counsel made ----    Mr. King. My responsibility is to rely on the guidance of general counsel to review ----    Mr. King. To review the evidence based ----    Mr. King. And based on the recommendation of the general counsel, based on the review that was conducted by Deputy Secretary Miller when these incidents first occurred, Deputy Secretary Shelton, after further review of the inspector general's report, after review of the addendum, which indicated that the Department of Justice declined further action, based on all of those recommendations and the recommendations of our staff, yes, I believe the Department's actions in this case have been appropriate.    Mr. King. I believe there were significant lapses of judgment, counseled him to that fact ----    Mr. King. Those significant lapses of judgment, I counseled him on those, and they ended by 2013.    Mr. King. The specific determination of whether or not the evidence ----    Mr. King. Based on the recommendation of our general counsel, I do not believe that there was a violation of law, regulation, or policy.    Mr. King. But I will say--I will say ----    Mr. King. Respectfully, Congressman, on the point of whether or not every indicator is going down, the Department has made dramatic progress ----    Mr. King. It was a lapse in judgment. As a result of that lapse in judgment, Dr. Harris was counseled on the point of the progress made ----    Mr. King. Respectfully, Congressman, after the counseling, the activities ended. I've been very clear that the activities constituted a lapse in judgment.    I do want to make the point with respect to the cybersecurity and the topic of the hearing in November, the Department has made substantial progress. One of the clearest indicators of that is the issue of two-factor authentication, which is a significant cybersecurity challenge for all public and private institutions. We were at 11 percent of the time of the cybersecurity sprint. We are at 95 percent today with one vendor that needs to resolve their two-factor authentication compliance and will do so by March. That is very significant progress. We are also making progress on resolving the findings in the FISMA audit.    I joined the Department in January 2015. Like you, I did not feel that the Department had done adequate work to protect our cybersecurity. We have, since then, made tremendous progress.    Mr. King. I can't speak to the reviews of performance prior to my joining the Department. I can say that since I joined the Department in January 2015, we have made very significant progress on cybersecurity.    Mr. King. No. So to be clear, the Office of General Counsel, my predecessor's predecessor, and my predecessor all reviewed the report of the IG and concluded there was no violation of law or regulation and ----    Mr. King. The general counsel, in reviewing that specific issue, made a distinction between a hobby and a business and what knowledge of the application of the disclosure Dr. Harris had at the time. But I--but to be clear, of the conduct ----    Mr. King. The conduct at the time--just to be clear, the conduct that was described in the IG report ended by 2013. I had joined the Department in 2015.    Mr. King. Well, I will ask Ms. Winchell to expand on this, but I think for us the key question is, was there a violation of law or regulation? There are a set of penalties or table of penalties that are associated with violations of law or regulation ----    Mr. King. Yes.    Mr. King. Well, the key thing is the finding here was a set of lapses in judgment that could lead to ----    Mr. King.--here it's ----    Ms. Norton.--the possible administrative actions ----    Mr. King. Right.    Ms. Norton.--that can be taken when there is a lapse of judgment but apparently no violation of regulations or, as far as you know, laws?    Mr. King. As an SES employee, an SES can be reassigned. That was apparently considered by Deputy Secretary Miller several years ago when ----    Mr. King.--emerged.    Ms. Norton.--were they factored into the employee's ratings?    Mr. King. I'm--I don't know. That was--that was 2 years before--it was more than 2 years before I came to the Department.    Mr. King. I do not have personal knowledge of the ratings and how they were constructed by the--his supervisor at the time.    Mr. King. Yes, so ----    Ms. Norton.--you see the problem that that may raise. Put yourself in the position of a Federal employee, and you look at how the rating apparently has not even been affected, no violations of regulations, no violations of any kind found.    Could I ask you, in light of the fact that no violations were found, that apparently there is a finding that it was unclear whether Dr. Harris's outside work constituted a business or a hobby, has it not occurred to the Department to clarify this so employees know what is the difference and so it will not be unclear for those who may have seen or known about this particular matter so that--don't you think that is rank confusion in the Department when they see a high level official was engaged in outside activity for which there was remuneration but it was unclear whether it was a business or a hobby? Doesn't the Department have an obligation now to issue guidance so that these things are cleared up?    Mr. King. Yes. We do make clear in our ethics training what employees' responsibilities are ----    Mr. King. The guidance to employees is to, when there is a potential issue of appearance of impropriety, to seek guidance from the ethics officer, and the ethics officer provides that guidance. In this case--I mean, it's a question of whether or not Dr. Harris understood at the time that he needed to seek that guidance. He did not, and this was raised through the IG report, and then the ethics officer was reviewing the IG findings.    Mr. King. I do, based on the progress that we've made since January 2015 and based on his overall performance in the other areas of responsibilities, yes.    Mr. King. I have confidence in his leadership. I have confidence in the progress that we've made over the last ----    Mr. King. I've certainly worked with staff from OCIO as we have focused on addressing that--the significant need for improvement around cybersecurity, and I've worked closely with our staff to make those improvements since I arrived in January 2015.    Mr. King. Well, I think the ----    Mr. King. The morale is bound up with the responsibility to execute on their work for the Department, which is to ensure that the Department's technology works smoothly for their fellow employees and to ensure that the personal information that we have is secure. And we have made substantial progress.    I do think that substantial progress has required folks to work additional time, to adjust their work processes, but we are seeing progress. We're seeing progress in terms of our two-factor authentication. We're seeing progress in terms of the resolution of FISMA audit findings. I met with the CIO and members of his team, as well as our Federal Student Aid Technology Team on a weekly basis for much of last year to ensure that we made progress, and we're going to continue to do that going forward.    Mr. King. I do have confidence going forward. Obviously, I can't comment on information that was provided prior to my joining the Department.    I will say I share the committee's concern that we need to rapidly improve our cybersecurity posture. We are making progress. I think it's clear to everyone that all public and private institutions are subject to significant cybersecurity threat, and that threat is ever-evolving, and we've got to continue to work to ensure that we are positioned to protect the information that we have.    Mr. King. We are making progress. We have our FITARA implementation plan now approved by OMB. We have made good progress on implementation, continued work to happen through this spring into the summer. Historically, the work of the Federal Student Aid CIO and the Department CIO have proceeded on parallel paths but not always coordinated paths with Department CIO having full transparency into the activities of the FSA CIO. That will now change with FITARA implementation, and we are working through the internal operations to ensure that that happens.    Mr. King. We are in the initial stages of implementation. I would have to ask Dr. Harris to comment ----    Mr. King. Only for purposes of preparation for this hearing. That was a detail that was in the file that was reviewed by the Office of General Counsel ----    Mr. King. No. I did not review the entirety of the investigative ----    Mr. King. No. I became aware of that in the process of preparing for this hearing. That was in the investigative file. The structure in the Department ----    Mr. King. My understanding is that there were two employees who were involved in this activity ----    Mr. King. The ----    Mr. King. I credit the judgment of our general counsel ----    Mr. King. Yes, sir. So the Department had previously used a level 3 goal. That goal was changed to level 4. And in--I joined the Department in January 2015, began meeting regularly with the team on how we might improve our cybersecurity. After the sprint, we began meeting weekly to ensure that we would get to level 4 across the agency.    In the Federal Student Aid area, we have a number of external contractors. They use PIV-I. In order to get to 95 percent, we needed to amend nearly 60 contracts, which we did with external vendors, provided technical assistance to those external vendors. That's why we're at 95 percent. So I just want to convey again the urgency that we brought to this matter throughout my time at the Department.    Mr. King. My testimony was that I saw significant lapses in judgment, that I counseled Dr. Harris ----    Mr. King. Yes, I believe there were significant ----    Mr. King. I do not believe there was a violation of law or regulation or policy of the Department. However, I do believe there were significant lapses in judgment. I counseled Dr. Harris on those. That was the fourth counseling that he received ----    Mr. King.--on that matter ----    Mr. Walker.--see, lapses of judgment, ethical conduct. Do those two merge at all or are those two separate things?    Mr. King. That ----    Mr. King. No, sir. I ----    Mr. King. I disagree with that characterization. I took it very seriously. It's why I engaged in additional counseling of Dr. Harris. It's why I asked that the counseling that he'd received from the ethics officer to be put in writing.    Mr. King. I ----    Mr. Walker.--toward Mr. Harris?    Mr. King. I engaged in counseling ----    Mr. King. Once again ----    Mr. King. Yes, absolutely.    Mr. King. That is.    Mr. King. That is correct.    Mr. King. Absolutely. And that was the focus of my counseling with Dr. Harris.    Mr. King. We have added a new chief security officer on the Education Department side who, to your point about military experience, is a retired military officer who comes to us from the Department of Defense and brings expertise on cybersecurity. We are in the process of adding additional talent on the Federal Student Aid side.    But we have the technology. This is a challenge across the Federal Government of recruiting adequate talent. And where we need to continue to invest as a country is in STEM education so that we have a prepared cybersecurity workforce, not only that the government needs, but that the private sector needs as well.    Mr. King. When Dr. Harris was directly reporting to me, we had a performance agreement around goals that would be accomplished, and those goals were accomplished over the 2015 year. That is related to the progress that we've seen in many areas of cybersecurity.    Mr. King. We met throughout the year for review of his progress and an end-of-year conversation about the overall performance. In each--on each of those occasions, although I did express appreciation for the progress we were making, I also conveyed the urgency of continued progress ----    Mr. King. Yes.    Mr. King. I'm not familiar with the technical details of the coding language but I ----    Mr. King. Absolutely.    Mr. King. When I ----    Mr. Meadows.--if you take it serious?    Mr. King. When I joined the Department in January of 2015, the IG explained that there was an addendum to the report that was forthcoming ----    Mr. Meadows.--and you are taking somebody else's word that the conduct has ceased a year later?    Mr. King. My understanding is that Deputy Secretary Miller, after receiving the initial IG report, consulted with the Office of General Counsel and spoke directly with Dr. Harris giving Dr. Harris counseling.    Mr. King. No. Giving him counseling that there was a ----    Mr. King. That's my understanding from the staff, the Deputy Secretary's Office ----    Mr. King. Congressman, I just want to be clear that I took this incident very seriously. I started with the Department ----    Mr. King.--in January of 2015 ----    Mr. Meadows.--I would disagree, Mr. King, because your responses indicate that nothing has happened in terms of retribution. No one has been fired. In fact, you approved a big bonus for Dr. Harris. There has been no consequences so that ----    Mr. King. I disagree. There's--there have been four counseling ----    Mr. King. There have been four counseling sessions ----    Mr. King.--two with the prior deputy ----    Mr. Meadows.--consequence is that ----    Mr. King.--secretaries ----    Mr. Meadows.--he has had counseling sessions?    Mr. King. Had counseling sessions, corrected the behavior. The behavior ended in 2013, fully 2 years before I joined the Department ----    Mr. King. Based on the findings of the IG addendum ----    Mr. King. The IG--the IG completed the investigation and provided an addendum ----    Mr. King. The IG doesn't make a conclusion. They provide findings. The general counsel then reviews those findings. They were ----    Mr. King. And they made a recommendation ----    Chairman Chaffetz.--a recommendation to?    Mr. King. They make a recommendation to me.    Mr. King. To--in this case, it'd be my ----    Mr. King. More than 4,000 employees.    Mr. King. In the evaluation for 2015 is based on the totality of performance. Yes, employee morale is very important to us, but it is also very important that we made progress on cybersecurity. As I indicated, we went from 11 percent at level 4 two-factor ----    Mr. King. Over the course of the 2015 year we went from 11 percent to 95 percent, making dramatic improvements. We are also ----    Mr. King. Again, cybersecurity is one aspect of his performance, but on cybersecurity he co-led an effort with our FSA CIO that involved amending nearly 60 contracts in order to ensure that all of our external vendors are at level 4 two-factor authentication. We made dramatic progress there. We are resolving FISMA audit findings, and we're making progress on cybersecurity. We also have a variety of other technology efforts: replacing outdated technology systems, improving services to employees. The overall performance of the CIO in 2015 was strong.    I can't speak to prior evaluations of Dr. Harris's performance. What I can speak to is the progress that we've made since I joined the Department in January 2015.    Mr. King. Again, after reviewing all of the information ----    Mr. King. Again, after reviewing all of the information that was provided, there was not a violation of regulation or law or policy. I was, however ----    Mr. King. I was, however, concerned about the appearance of--potential appearance of impropriety and counseled Dr. Harris to that effect, as did my predecessor and my predecessor's predecessor, as did our ethics officer. And as we've discussed previously, the activities ended in 2013.    Mr. King. Again, it was a lapse in judgment, and I counseled Dr. Harris ----    Mr. King. Where there's an appearance of impropriety, it is bad judgment. I counseled Dr. Harris ----    Mr. King. In this case, based on the findings of the IG report that were provided to our Office of General Counsel and our review of those findings, the review that was conducted by Deputy Secretary Miller and then by Deputy Secretary Shelton, by Ms. Winchell, and then my review of their findings, there was not a violation here of law or regulation or policy. There were lapses in judgment. Dr. Harris was counseled on those lapses of judgment four separate times, and the behavior, the activities ended.    Mr. King. They provided information to the Department of Justice, and the Department of Justice chose not to proceed based on the information they received. That's what was summarized in the addendum that I received in March of 2015.    Mr. King. Congresswoman, if I might, I think ----    Mr. King. That there has been no violation of law or regulation or policy of the Department ----    Mr. King. That's my response to the question I was asked.    Mr. King. Again, there is no violation of the law or regulation ----    Mr. King. Congressman, respectfully ----    Mr. King. No, respectfully, what I am saying ----    Mr. King. The evidence of those activities ----    Mr. King. The evidence is that the initial counseling was effective and that the initial counseling was effective and that the activities ended in 2013.    Mr. King. But both my predecessor and I believe that high ethical standards are of the upmost importance and ----    Mr. King. Again, we wanted to convey to Dr. Harris that there could not even be the appearance ----    Mr. King. Again, corrective action was taken. The behavior ended in 2013. Our focus at the Department is on ensuring that we move forward on cybersecurity and the other urgent priorities of the Department. We are making significant progress on cybersecurity, but we have much more to do and to ensure that we are responding as best we can to the cybersecurity threats ----    Mr. King. The message is clear. Where there was the appearance of impropriety ----    Mr. King. Where there was the appearance of impropriety, the employee was counseled by three deputy secretaries, by our ethics officer ----    Mr. King.--and the activities ----    Mr. Meadows.--coming. And the checks ----    Mr. King. The activities ----    Mr. Meadows.--kept coming.    Mr. King. The activities ended, and the employee understands the importance of not even allowing the appearance of impropriety.    Mr. King. Again, Dr. Harris was not involved after 2008 when this relationship began ----    Mr. King.--and the contract ----    Chairman Chaffetz.--at the time.    Mr. King. But what I counseled him on was ----    Mr. King. No, they ----    Mr. King. There was a contract in 2004 before this relationship began according to the evidence.    Mr. King. There then was ----    Chairman Chaffetz.--for other contracts.    Mr. King. But again, the personal relationship ----    Mr. King. As acquaintances ----    Mr. King. Based on the evidence ----    Mr. King. Based on the evidence that was presented by the IG to our general counsel, there was a ----    Mr. King. Again--again ----    Chairman Chaffetz.--chase here.    Mr. King. Again ----    Mr. King. As I indicated, I made clear in my counseling to Dr. Harris ----    Mr. King. What I'm saying is that ----    Chairman Chaffetz.--there is no ----