    Mr. Fletcher. Thank you, sir.    Good afternoon, Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Rice, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today.    As you have already noted, this hearing closely follows the second brazen attack on a TSA screening checkpoint in less than 18 months. The heroic efforts of our law enforcement partners in New Orleans and a TSA workforce trained in responding to emergency situations prevented this incident from ending in tragedy.    Acting Administrator Carraway traveled to New Orleans on Saturday to meet with and show support for TSA and law enforcement personnel and was inspired by the resilience of all involved.    I am confident that I speak for all of TSA when I say thank you to all of the TSA law enforcement and airport personnel in New Orleans for their swift response to this senseless attack.    Since its creation, TSA has focused on building and enhancing a multi-layered aviation security system, which includes a well-trained workforce, state-of-the-art technologies, intelligence analysis and information sharing, explosive detection canine teams, and the Federal Air Marshal Service.    For nearly a decade, TSA applied these layers in a one-size-fits-all approach where nearly every traveler was assessed as posing essentially the same level of risk. This equal risk philosophy started changing in late 2011, when TSA began implementing an intelligence-driven, risk-based approach to aviation security.    Commercial aviation remains the target of terrorist groups who have proven intelligent and adaptive as demonstrated by their development of nonmetallic explosive devices designed to evade aviation security measures. These devices remain one of the most serious threats to aviation.    One way to address this threat is to implement increasingly strict security requirements that of necessity become more invasive and cumbersome to travelers and then to apply these measures broadly to every passenger and their baggage.    Another way to deal with this threat is by adopting the intelligence-driven risk-based approach reflected in more than three dozen policy decisions implemented by TSA over the last 4 years.    The idea of a risk-based approach to aviation security is by no means novel. TSA's founding legislation, the Aviation and Transportation Security Act, mentions creating a trusted traveler program, and the 9/11 Commission Report recommends TSA establish risk-based priorities to protect transportation assets and then adopt practical and cost-effective means while balancing security and civil liberties.    Through our risk-based policies, TSA is able to deploy our limited security resources to more effectively manage risk by concentrating on higher-risk travelers and commerce while facilitating the legitimate movement of those deemed to represent lower risk.    Effective risk management involves identifying, analyzing, and communicating risk and then deciding whether to accept, avoid, transfer, or control that risk to an acceptable level considering the associated costs and benefits of any actions taken.    For TSA, effective risk management considers how to provide the most effective security in the most efficient way to enhance the value TSA provides to the American people as we fulfill our counterterrorism mission.    As noted by the 9/11 Commission, perfection is unattainable. In my view, its pursuit is unsustainable. Risk management is not a no-risk approach. Trying to eliminate all risk results in poor security, unnecessarily burdens the aviation industry, and will create greater pressures on civil rights and liberties.    A key component of our passenger screening approach is the TSA PreCheck application program launched in December 2013. Over the past 12 months, TSA has sustained a daily average enrollment volume of nearly 3,500 travelers, more than double our original projections. Last week we exceeded 1 million applications to the program.    The enrollment potential is significantly greater. Recent U.S. Travel Association market research indicates that more than 15 million U.S. travelers not currently enrolled in the TSA PreCheck program are likely to enroll, with an additional 21 million undecided. These 36 million travelers are our target market. The key to realizing this enrollment potential is the continued collaboration with private-sector partners across the travel and tourism industry.    Our industry and stakeholder partners are vital to TSA's ability to implement risk-based security. Cooperation with and engagement by these partners was essential in helping TSA establish and expand the TSA PreCheck program, which now includes 11 airlines representing over 85 percent of domestic travelers, with nearly 530 TSA PreCheck screening lanes now operating at 133 airports Nation-wide.    TSA plays an important role in partnerships with airports and airlines in securing our Nation's commercial aviation system and is committed to fielding responsive risk-based solutions that can enhance our current security posture.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today and for your interest and support of our risk-based security initiatives. I look forward to your questions.    Thank you.    Mr. Fletcher. So I think the genesis of Managed Inclusion was really the Super Bowl in New Orleans. We were anticipating significant crowds and actually wound up with significant crowds.    I think they more than doubled their peak volume of passenger traffic through the airport the day after the Super Bowl, so the airport was resource-constrained. The challenge really becomes: How do you eliminate the risk of this large crowd of people being an attractive target for a suicide terrorist attack?    So there was a lot of internal discussion. The idea of doing a real-time threat assessment on passengers, a combination of explosive detection screening with passenger screening canine teams and behavioral detection, would provide sufficient value to be able to provide those travelers with an expedited screening process, that proved to be a very successful endeavor.    As we looked at the success of that, the question became is there a way that we can systematically expand that concept to improve the efficiency. At that time, we had a very low volume of TSA PreCheck passengers. I think today we are at about 48 to 50 percent. At that point, we were at 3 or 4 percent of volume, as I recall.    So we had a lot of inefficiencies in the process where we had dedicated TSA PreCheck lanes at many of our larger airports, but the staff was significantly underutilized and the wait times in the standard screening lane were becoming excessive.    So we began expanding Managed Inclusion as a way of conducting a one-time real-time threat assessment of the passengers, again, explosive screening and behavioral observation, to afford them an expedited screening experience as a way of managing wait times as well as improving the efficiency of the process.    Mr. Fletcher. Yes, sir.    Mr. Fletcher. It actually does.    Mr. Fletcher. It does change the calculus. That is ultimately our goal. We want to dramatically expand the application program.    Mr. Fletcher. As I indicated in my statement, we believe that the potential is upwards of 36 million travelers that could benefit. So we are targeting those travelers that are really taking three or more trips by air each year, and we think that that is a good value proposition. Even at an $85 cost, the per-screening experience for the expedited process that they go through is worth them spending the money.    It is a challenge. Marketing and communications and promotion is, quite frankly, not something the Government does well in many instances. So it is a marketing challenge. We have engaged a professional marketing firm to help us with our brand positioning, with creative content. We have been broadly expanding our partnerships across the travel and tourism industry.    But our goal is to dramatically improve the number of travelers. So my calculation is that, to sustain a 50 percent expedited screening throughput rate with an entirely enrolled population, we need 25 million Americans enrolled in TSA PreCheck.    Today, combined with our existing low-risk populations--military, Members of Congress, et cetera--our own application program, and Customs and Border Protection's Trusted Traveler Programs, we have about 6.5 million.    So we need to quadruple the number of individuals. That will take us a bit of time to do, but that ultimately is our goal. We would like to be able to significantly dial back on both Managed Inclusion and risk assessment rules and replace that current volume with an enrolled population.    Mr. Fletcher. I believe that percentage is about 23 percent of the total TSO population is part-time employees.    Mr. Fletcher. I think we are doing a very credible job of managing those part-time resources. Again, like everything that TSA has been trying to do, it is taking a balanced and measured approach.    I cannot afford--for example, in my experience when I was at Chicago O'Hare International Airport, it is difficult for me to work a 20-hour-a-week part-time employee 2 hours in the morning to cover my a.m. peak and then have them off and bring them back for 2 hours in the afternoon. That is an unreasonable human expectation for an employee that is working a part-time position.    So there is a balance between the use of part-time employees and having them at the checkpoint when the passenger volume requires it and the needs of the operation versus the needs of the individual. I believe we do a credible job. We have actually--I believe we do a credible job today. I am not sure there is much more we can get in that regard.    Mr. Fletcher. Today the individual applies either on-line or at one of the 320-some-odd enrollment centers. They provide a set of biographic information. They provide a photographic ID, proof of identity, and proof of citizenship. They provide their fingerprints.    We do a security threat assessment against them for criminal disqualifiers, for immigration. Are they a U.S. citizen? Are they a lawful permanent resident? We do a threat assessment. Are they listed in the terrorism database? They get their known traveler number.    I think we say that that will typically happen in 2 weeks. My understanding is that it typically happens within 3 or 4 days that the individual has been vetted and approved. We mail them their own traveler number. They can also go on a secure website and retrieve that electronically. So it is a relatively painless process, if you will.    Miss Rice. What would disqualify someone from obtaining PreCheck status?    Mr. Fletcher. So there is a list of criminal disqualifiers that are permanent, and then there is a list of, I will say, interim disqualifiers. So a criminal conviction within 7 years might be a disqualifier until that time frame had elapsed.    But there are disqualifiers, criminal convictions, that are permanently disqualifying. An example of that I think you have alluded to in your opening statement: Conviction of a terrorism-related offense; espionage against the Government; treason. Those would be permanent disqualifiers. I have a list. I can certainly provide that to the committee.    Miss Rice. Are there any obstacles that you encounter as an agency during this PreCheck application process with getting relevant information from other agencies, whether it be FBI, you know, watch lists? Are there any impediments or obstacles that you have encountered in getting----    Mr. Fletcher. I don't think there is impediments with the way the process is currently designed. I believe that there are opportunities to improve the process.    So today we do not do, for example, recurrent vetting for criminal disqualifiers. We vet perpetually for the individual being added to a terrorism database, but we don't continually vet for criminal disqualifiers.    We have been working very closely with the FBI on an initiative that they have recently fielded the capability for that will allow us to do that, but we don't have either the legal authority to do that today on our own accord because, in this instance, we are not a law enforcement agency from this perspective.    So we can't run our own NCIC checks, as Customs can do as an investigative law enforcement agency, but we believe that that is an important enhancement to the program as we move forward.    Miss Rice. Well, that goes into my next question I was going to ask you: Do you have a plan in place--and you have already answered this--for recurrent vetting?    So what we would have to do is either qualify you as a law enforcement agency or you would do what it appears that you are doing now with the FBI in partnering with another agency that would actually carry out the recurrent vetting?    Mr. Fletcher. That is correct.    Miss Rice. Then share the information with you?    Mr. Fletcher. That is correct, ma'am. I will say that that is not without cost. So the FBI is a fee-reimbursed program for that particular service. So there is some cost associated with that that would----    Miss Rice. Well, it all comes out of the same pot. Right?    Mr. Fletcher. Well, in this instance, the entire TSA PreCheck application program is fee-funded with the exception.    Miss Rice. Right. That is true.    Mr. Fletcher. So those costs would have to be absorbed by the individual applicant.    Miss Rice. Well, I am talking about in terms of BDOs and TSA officers. I mean, there is already a built-in cost structure there. I don't think that is going to break the bank, a recurrent background check that the FBI could do.    But very quickly--because my time is almost up--so recently there was a report that, since 2007, when the training for BDOs, Behavioral Detection Officers, was put into place, to the present day, there were approximately 30,000 people that were pulled out of the line based on observations of the Behavioral Detection Officer.    It is further understood that, of those 30,000 people that were taken out of the line, of that universe, less than 1 percent of them actually had an instance where it resulted in an arrest.    So my question is: Do you think that the training for the BDOs is sufficient, given that kind of empirical data, that maybe they are not looking at the right things by maybe missing people who truly do represent a danger?    Mr. Fletcher. So I will say that the recommendations over the last several years from both the GAO and the inspector general have been very helpful in us revamping our BDO program.    As Ms. Grover indicated, we have just completed, I will say, a research foundation analysis for each of the revised indicators. We are in the process of doing a comprehensive evaluation of those new indicators. We have completely revamped the training program for the BDOs over the last several years.    So if I go back to 2007, I would absolutely agree with your position, but I believe we have taken significant strides. In fact, my understanding is that, with the exception of two recommendations, one that we defund the BDO program and the other, the most recent one, about taking a holistic view of Managed Inclusion and the use of BDOs, that all of the recommendations for both the DHS IG and GAO have been closed.    Miss Rice. So, Mr. Fletcher, first of all, that was not an attack question at all. That was just----    Mr. Fletcher. I understand, ma'am.    Miss Rice. I am one of those people who like to be--if you implement a plan, you have to review it to see if it is actually achieving the stated goals.    So I appreciate your openness and your willingness to take recommendations about how the BDO--I don't think it necessarily has to be scrapped altogether, but I appreciate the fact that you are willing to take these recommendations of how it can be better. Thank you.    Mr. Fletcher. If I can just add, we have actually established a coalition with private-sector privacy groups that signed a nondisclosure agreement that allow them to gain access to information that will help us inform the program and make sure that we are achieving the right balance between what we believe is an essential layer of our security regime and concerns about civil rights and civil liberties.    Miss Rice. Thank you, Mr. Fletcher.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fletcher. Congressman Thompson, I don't have that exact number. I know we have about 11 percent fewer BDOs today than we did 2 years ago. So that number has reduced. I believe it is around 3,100 total across the system, but I don't have that exact number.    Mr. Fletcher. I know we have established a scientific foundation behind each of the indicators. I am not personally aware of the scientific data that answers your specific question.    Mr. Fletcher. Congressman Thompson, TSOs have had that authority, that discretion, to deny an individual access to the PreCheck lane and send them through the standard screening process that existed on that day.    Back in 2008, I believe, we started training our TSOs in critical thinking skills. In response to the IG's investigation, we reiterated that guidance and are currently reviewing our standard operating procedures.    Mr. Fletcher. So, Congressman, immediately the head of our Office of Security Operations issued written guidance to the field that clarified and reinforced the discretion in critical thinking skills that had been built in the program over the previous several years.    That was followed up by information in a National shift briefing that went to the entire front-line uniformed workforce over the next several weeks to ensure that every individual TSO was hearing that consistent message.    As I indicated, I think we are currently in the process of reviewing our standard operating procedures to make sure that any language about discretion and critical thinking is clear what our intent is so that the TSO doesn't feel inhibited or a lack of empowerment to be able to exercise that discretion.    That is absolutely the key. One of the keys to aviation security, in my view, is the individual TSO to use their experience and judgment and exercise some level of individualized discretion.    Mr. Fletcher. So, Congressman, as you know, we rely very heavily on information from the National law enforcement and National intelligence community. So every passenger is vetted against terrorism databases and watch lists and identified initially as either inhibited and not allowed to fly, a no-fly, designated for enhanced screening, or prevented from being eligible for expedited screening through TSA PreCheck.    In this specific instance, this individual was not and is not in the National Terrorist Screening Database. So that is a discussion that is on-going between TSA and the Terrorist Screening Center because this is an intelligence and an information-based aviation security regime and we have to have confidence that, if there is a domestic terrorism suspect, that they have been appropriately identified and watch-listed.    In this case, that is the glitch in the system. If that individual had been watch-listed, they would not have been allowed to be designated as eligible for expedited screening.    Mr. Fletcher. So, Congressman Rogers, I think there was really multiple objectives. In the first instance, it was improving the--I will say one objective was to improve the efficiency of the TSA PreCheck lane.    In the second instance, it was really about, how do we do a much more effective job of managing the wait times and standard screening, reducing that risk that that becomes the attractive target for a terrorist attack?    Mr. Fletcher. Congressman, I don't believe it is PreCheck vetting by a flip of a coin.    Mr. Fletcher. So the opportunity, we believe, and--as we looked at the individual component parts and are in the process of looking at Managed Inclusion in total as a system, we believe that it provides a better security proposition. It is more effective security than standard screening based on the analysis that we have done to date.    Mr. Fletcher. Well, that is part of it. Certainly there is a random----    Mr. Fletcher. They are exposed at a significantly higher rate to explosives screening, 100 percent of the passengers, if we are using passenger screening canine teams, a significant percentage of passengers that are ETD screened prior to that random selection process at the travel document check position, and they are also subject to additional unpredictable screening through ETD and now I think at more than 65 TSA PreCheck screening lanes with random selection for AIT as part of the prescreening process.    Mr. Fletcher. I have heard negative complaints from the traveling public about the Managed Inclusion process. Part of our desire to dial these tools back so they become a significantly less contributor to the overall expedited screening process and replace them with an enrolled population is both because of the pushback that we have gotten, in some instances, from travelers, but also because it moves those passengers--the enrolled passenger--provides a lower-risk proposition than somebody who does go through Managed Inclusion or through risk assessment rules.    Mr. Fletcher. Yes, sir.    Mr. Fletcher. No, Congresswoman, they are not.    Mr. Fletcher. I believe somewhere full-time, part-time total, about 48,000.    Mr. Fletcher. That is correct, ma'am.    Mr. Fletcher. That is an accurate assessment, yes, ma'am.    Mr. Fletcher. I don't have an answer to that, ma'am. I will have to go back and I know our security operations did an inquiry. I believe they have that answer. I just don't know that.    Mr. Fletcher. Well, Congressman Ratcliffe, we talked a bit about Managed Inclusion. We believe it has security value, but we haven't spent a lot of time talking about risk assessment and so in partial response to your question, risk assessment, you know, one of the underlying principles behind TSA's risk-based security approach, is that the vast majority of Americans simply want to get from their destination--to their destination as quickly, and as efficiently as possible and represent essentially no threat to aviation. So, our bias has been identifying ways to expedite the flow of legitimate travellers and reducing that burden.    So, there is a balance that we have tried to take to, and a measured approach that we have tried to take to all of our programs. So, we look at an initiative like Managed Inclusion or when we look at an initiative like risk assessment rules, we consider the security effectiveness of the proposition. We consider the operational efficiency impacts. We look at what the impact on the passenger is. We look at what the impact on industry may be, and then we consider the fiscal implications and the policy implications. Is this the right public policy for the agency to adopt? Is it going to be politically acceptable by you, Members of our Oversight Committee? Is it going to be politically palatable or socially palatable to the American people?    So, when we look at risk assessment rules we take a thoughtful approach to that. The underlying basis of our rules is the age, gender, and itinerary information today that we have been collecting since we implemented Secure Flight fully in 2010.    We started that at the very beginning of the program with the small slice of frequent fliers that we extended eligibility for. But that is not the only review that we have done. We had an independent analysis of that approach that was completed by one of the Federally-funded research and development corporations, Metron in 2012--or in 2013. We worked very closely with the Civil Aviation Threat Working Group. These are intelligence analysts from across 13 different intelligence agencies, headed by the National counterterrorism. We have had a review in 2014 by the Homeland Security Studies and Analysis Institute. So there is--all of those independent reviews have validated the fundamental principles behind that. They have identified some opportunities for improvement, as has the Inspector General and as has GAO. But, we believe very strongly that the independent reviews that we have conducted, provide a good security and a good value proposition for the American people. So we have taken a thoughtful and measured approach to both of those programs; much more so on risk assessment rules than perhaps we have on Managed Inclusion, because we haven't done as much of the external independent validation on that initiative.    Mr. Fletcher. Mr. Chairman, I believe the error was if they presented a risk to aviation, if they were a convicted terrorism operative, then they should have been appropriately watch-listed as a domestic terror subject in the terror screening database.    Mr. Fletcher. Would not have been accepted through the application enrollment program, yes, sir.    Mr. Fletcher. I would agree with that, yes, sir.    Mr. Fletcher. Well, I look at it to a certain extent as a free sample that you would get. So, it is a--and we know from interviewing travellers that many of them that have had the opportunity to experience expedited screening through Managed Inclusion and risk assessment rules, have subsequently applied and enrolled in the program. So, there is some benefit. It is not all negative.    Mr. Fletcher. There are negative sentiments when I paid my money and others are getting it for free, yes, sir.    Mr. Fletcher. It is a matter of resource efficiency. There are times of day at large airports, and many more times at small airports where we simply don't have the passenger volume, where we are not running Managed Inclusion operations, where we can't sustain the dedicated TSA PreCheck lane.    One of the things we did in 2013 is we gave the Federal security directors the flexibility to be able to shift standard screening lanes to expedited screening lanes when the expedited screening volume is there, and then you convert those lanes back to standard screening lanes. So, we are trying to be good stewards of the resources we have available to us. But in many of those instances, we just simply don't have the volume to sustain the expedited screening lane as a dedicated proposition.    Mr. Fletcher. We have been working with several private-sector companies, and DHS Science and Technology Directorate, on evaluating risk algorithms that are not necessarily directly related to criminality. But, we do believe, from my personal discussions with the National Association of Professional Background Screeners that--and in discussions with some private-sector data brokers, that they can do a very effective job of identifying criminality through publicly-available electronic information without having to go through the traditional fingerprint based NCIC check.    Mr. Fletcher. There was at least one provision, Mr. Chairman, in there that should not have gone out in the original solicitation that we were concerned about. We are currently working with the Department to go through that entire RFP to make sure we get it right. I believe that that is our best opportunity to shut down, dial back on Managed Inclusion and risk assessment rules is third-party. But we have to get it right in the first instance.    Mr. Fletcher. Acting Administrator Carraway in his testimony last week indicated perhaps as early as the end of this week or next. I am hoping it will be soon.    Mr. Fletcher. I think those are options we are hoping--innovative solutions we are hoping to get in response to the RFP when we get that reposted. Right now, our exclusive contract with Morpho Trust. It is really the relationship between the airport and our contractor that manages the existing enrollment application.    Many airports have been very generous with space. Some of our major airlines have leased space on Morpho Trust's behalf to facilitate the enrollment process. Other airports have been resistant and are waiting for opportunities to be more directly involved as they have reviewed our proposals.    Mr. Fletcher. Right now the application program that exists today is through a single vendor, Morpho Trust, that runs all of our vetting application programs. The intent of third-party, the RFP, is to broadly expand that to be able to take advantage of those other opportunities that you just discussed and we are not there yet.    Mr. Fletcher. We actually had that discussion this morning about what changes to the contract that we can make to--I will say loosen some of the contractual restrictions or provide more latitude for the contractor to move forward. Today there is nothing to prevent an airport from entering into an agreement with Morpho Trust. Many of them--I think 35 or more already have.    Mr. Fletcher. Yes, sir.