    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz and Ranking Member Cummings and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today.    I started as the Federal Chief Information Officer just over two months ago, and I am excited for the opportunity to speak with you today about OMB's role in Federal cybersecurity. I am also pleased to join the panel, as everyone here has an important role to play in strengthening cybersecurity.    Federal cybersecurity oversight is one of my responsibilities as Federal CIO and head of the OMB Office of E-Government and Information Technology. My office is responsible for two things: first, developing and overseeing the implementation of Federal IT policy and, second, through the United States Digital Service, providing onsite expertise to agencies with high impact facing IT programs. My team is also leading the government-wide implementation of the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act, known as FITARA, and the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014, FISMA, both of which passed last year.    Strengthening Federal cybersecurity is one of the Administration's top priorities and a duty that I take very seriously. Having recently left a private sector CIO role, I can attest to the fact that having a strong cybersecurity program is critical to ensuring mission success. This is no different in the Federal Government. Given the evolving threat landscape, it is imperative that we do everything we can and everything in our power to ensure the security of Government information and networks. In this interconnected world, we have to ensure that agencies, the contractors that support them, and the citizens we serve are all protected.    I would like to start by providing an overview of OMB's role in Federal cybersecurity, discuss some recent incidents related to third-party contractors and vendors, and some of the steps OMB is taking to strengthen Federal cybersecurity practices.    OMB and my office recently announced the creation of a dedicated unit called the E-Gov Cyber Unit. This unit will conduct oversight through initiatives, such as CyberStat reviews and will drive FISMA implementation. We will continue to work closely with DHS, who is our operational partner, and with agencies who directly lead their own cybersecurity efforts. These efforts are critical in confronting today's cyber threats and improving our ability to deal with threats in the future.    In 2014 alone, several high-profile cyber incidents across our Nation made headlines for their scope, their scale, and their impact. The Federal Government and those acting on its behalf are not immune from this threat activity, as has been noted. Specifically and related to today's discussion, cyber incidents have involved vendors responsible for conducting background investigations on behalf of the Federal Government. In close partnership with DHS and other appropriate agencies, OMB responded quickly and oversaw the government-wide response to mitigate these incidents.    DHS worked closely with vendors that conduct background investigations to mitigate this incident, and OMB, in its policy and oversight role, took immediate action to address identified challenges. First, through the President's Management Council, OMB conducted a review of agencies' cyber security programs to identify risks and implementation gaps. During this response to these incidents and our subsequent review, two things became clear: first, third-party contractors and vendors were inconsistently implementing protections over sensitive data and, second, Federal agencies did not have adequate contractual language and policy direction to guide how contractors and agencies should respond to incidents.    Based on this review, agencies were directed to identify and review relevant contracts to ensure compliance with current laws and OMB guidance and, second, OMB directed an interagency effort to collect and disseminate contracting best practices relative to cybersecurity.    In closing, I think it is obvious that securing our information is a great challenge, and this will remain a core focus of this Administration. We look forward to working with Congress on legislative actions that may further protect our Nation's critical networks and systems, and I thank the committee for holding this hearing and for your commitment to improving Federal cybersecurity. When it is time, I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Scott. First of all, I would say my experience in both the private sector and everything I have seen in the public sector would suggest that there has been a steady increase in attacks and incidents over a period of time.    Mr. Scott. That sounds reasonable.    Mr. Scott. Yes.    Mr. Scott. It comes from a number of different factors. You mentioned one, State-based.    Mr. Scott. It depends on who the target is.    Mr. Scott. There are people who want to get PII for monetary gain; there are people who are looking for intellectual property for industrial espionage. There is a wide variety of motivations for this.    Mr. Scott. It depends on your area of interest.    Mr. Scott. Security and economy I think both industrial espionage and PII and government information are the high risk areas.    Mr. Scott. I don't think it, out of necessity, increases the risk as long as good practice and procedures are followed; and that is true whether it is an in-house-run operation or something that is contracted out. So the answer is it will depend on the regime that is going it.    Mr. Scott. Thank you. Let me, for context, also describe a little bit of the fact that this is also a moving target. What was satisfactory even two or three years ago is no sort of table steaks in terms of, you know, where you just get started. So I think it is important to recognize that that will likely also continue to be the case.    What we are doing in OMB is we are conducting CyberStat reviews with each of the agencies that asks them to report and, in consultation with us, look at their maturity level across a number of different dimensions, many of which you mentioned; and then we will ask each of the agencies to set goals and we will measure progress against those goals. And each of these have to be a risk-based assessment to start with. So some agencies have different kinds of risks than other ones do. So that is an important part of the work that our unit is doing.    Then the second thing is, through our CIO Council and our CIO counsel, disseminating information and sharing best practices, as well as the guidance that we provide during the normal course of our work.    Mr. Scott. Thank you for the question. So, nine weeks in, it is a little difficult for me to give you a sort of comprehensive answer to that, but what I have observed so far is that there is a range, and that range is dependent on the agency that we are talking about here. It is why we are doing the CyberStat reviews and why we are going through the processes that we are going through. So at the end of that process I hope to have a more comprehensive view across the Federal agency.    That said, I would tell you there is no agency, even the ones that we have looked at so far, who we believe are doing a really good job who would say we are done or we have done enough and it is the end of job. Everyone believes there is more that we can and should do.    Mr. Scott. It really falls into a couple of areas. One is what we require of the--and I am speaking broadly across a number of contracts across the Federal Government. So what we require in terms of initially our rights to look at and inspect their information security measures, number one.    Also, what they are supposed to do in terms of responding to an incident, the time frames that we allow and who they are supposed to notify. We were inconsistent on some of those activities. And then, thirdly, sorry, I have to look at my notes here. And also who they notify. We were inconsistent on. So when and who they notify.    Mr. Scott. So we will use our regular process to issue guidance for consistent application of the best practices that I talked about earlier. That is probably the main thing that we will do to clarify. And there are requirements even in FISMA that actually help us from a law perspective as well.    Mr. Scott. I think you should expect in the next few months would be the expectation there.    Mr. Scott. Sure. So let me just go through the process. So when an agency discovers there is something going on that they are suspicious about, DHS becomes the agency for the Federal Government that is the first response and deals with that. Then, depending on what they find, they may call in other agencies if there are suspicious of, you know, backers outside the Country or criminals or whatever. So who is called then would depend on what is found after the initial call is made.    Mr. Scott. Yes, potentially.    Mr. Scott. Well, in our guidance, we would require agencies to make sure they are following FISMA, number one. We also, for example, are proposing an update to our Web policy requiring encrypted Web traffic, https, it is called, as an example, for Federal public-facing Web sites, and so on. So there are a variety of things that we would do over time, including what I shared earlier, which is best practices in terms of contract language and requirements in contracts to make sure that we have broadly disseminated that across the Federal Government.    Mr. Scott. I think that is a core principle that every agency has to go through, is where are there risks, and clearly that will differ from agency to agency.    When it comes to core PII, though, I don't think there is a lot of difference among the agencies; PII is PII in most cases.    Mr. Scott. I think it is not just a problem for the Federal Government. In my last role, it took nearly six months to find the chief information security officer that we wanted. It was the most exhausting, time-consuming search I think I have done in my professional career. So I would say it is a challenge more broadly than just the Federal Government.    Mr. Scott. Absolutely. So part of the Digital Services team that I talked about is recruiting people out of the private sector to come spend some time in the Federal Government and, in essence, serve their Country and help us solve some of these big challenges not just in security, but in modernizing our whole IT environment.    Mr. Scott. I think it will vary by agency to the degree to which the work is contracted out, but there are certain kinds of work that lend themselves to contracting out, where there is a broad need and private industry has figured out that they can offer a service that Government can consume.    Mr. Scott. I think that is generally the practice, yes.    Mr. Scott. I would say, in my experience, yes, it is very similar to what the Federal Government does in terms of competing, yes.    Mr. Scott. Well, I think those kinds of questions actually are, frankly, outside the purview of OMB; they are really National Security questions and DOD kinds of questions, so in the few weeks that I have been here, I just haven't been engaged in sort of that conversation, although, like you, I am curious about the answers to those and I do think policy things are going to have to be worked out over some time. It is pretty clear to me that there are somewhat fuzzy lines in that space.    Mr. Scott. Thank you for that question. As you know, the FISMA law passed in the 2014 year and, since then, we have been taking the actual law and putting it through our OMB process in terms of figuring out what guidance we will issue to the various Federal agencies and so on. That work is well underway, so I think in the next several months you will see the specific guidance that we issue with regard to FISMA.    Mr. Scott. And we tend to do annual updates of that, so you will see ongoing updates as time passed as well.    Mr. Scott. Thank you for the question. I think the energy level is high, and it has certainly been the subject of a lot of work that my team in particular has been working on over the last several months. Through the process that we have used, we have also had a very high level of engagement with agency CIOs, former CIOs who have had experience in the Government, members of your team and others, who have all, I think, provided great perspective not only on the intent of FITARA, but some of the practical aspects of implementing. Among those are not every agency is the same, so there are cases where flexibility is going to be needed, while still retaining the absolute intent of the law, which is to have greater accountability and responsibility on the part of the CIO.    We are about ready to enter a public comment period where we think we will get additional insight on that, so we look forward to, in a few weeks after the public comment period, closing it out and issuing our guidance. But, in summary, I would say I feel really good about where we are and where we are going, and I appreciate all the support that you and your team have provided for this.