    Mr. Martin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just for the record, it is Lancaster, not Lancaster.    Mr. Martin. Lancaster, that is what--you said like Burt Lancaster.    Mr. Martin. That is in Lancaster County, so----    Mr. Martin . We will have Mr. Pitts work with you on that one.    Mr. Martin. All right, well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Martin. You are welcome. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to be here. Again, I serve on the Lancaster County Board of Commissioners.    The United States must work to develop a coherent, logical, and clear national energy strategy. I applaud Chairman Upton for his architecture of abundance legislative framework that will hopefully stimulate a wide-ranging and bipartisan debate on the need for a long-term national energy agenda based upon economic development, commonsense regulations, a modern and safe energy infrastructure, greater efficiencies, increased exports, especially with LNG, to support our foreign policy goals, environmental sensitivity, minimal government involvement, and utilization of free market economic principles.    There are certainly many positive developments and trends in energy, however, there are also numerous challenges and issues that urgently need to be addressed. The longer we wait to address and solve these issues will only make them more difficult, expensive, complicated, and controversial.    One of the most pressing priorities is energy independence. Of course, energy independence can only be achieved through new and recoverable sources. The required infrastructure exists, the regulatory environment is not hostile, excuse me, capital is available to finance the expansion in both domestic and international markets are functioning properly. Thankfully, due to horizontal hydraulic fracturing, known as fracking, and the discovery of vast new oil and gas reserves, America is now the world's largest oil and natural gas producer. As they should, energy prices have been decreasing. The United States is increasingly able to export large amounts of LNG around the world, and especially to European countries. The volatile and tense situation in Ukraine demonstrates very clearly why we need to build the Keystone XL Pipeline, greatly accelerate the permitting of LNG export facilities, and work to expedite the building of pipelines and compressor stations.    As noted above, a significant technological improvement has been the use of fracking and extracting natural gas from shale. The use of fracking in Pennsylvania, and the construction of necessary infrastructure, has had widespread and significant economic development impacts. Some of these include 96 percent of new energy hires were from the Appalachian area, 45,000 new building trade jobs in that same region, 243,000 new energy jobs in Pennsylvania, over $1 billion invested by the shale industry in road and infrastructure improvements, and including energy industry grants to community college and trade schools to train the workers needed by extraction companies in the Marcellus Shale region, with an average core wage of $68,000 a year.    This increased shale gas production in Pennsylvania has also saved the average Pennsylvania family between $1,200 to $2,000 annually in energy savings costs. Businesses and other institutional energy users have also benefitting from the greatly increased availability of cheap natural gas. The Pennsylvania National Guard and Army Reserve components of Fort Indiantown Gap, the Garden Spot Public School District, and the Shady Maple Companies, all in our area, have experienced significant savings in their energy bills after switching to natural gas.    Cheaper energy will further a developing industrial and manufacturing renaissance in America. In brief, lower energy costs create more disposable income, and hence, greater aggregate demand. Decreased transportation costs lead to lower prices, and American products are more globally competitive. The domestic oil and gas revolution can only be successful long-term if the necessary pipelines are quickly built and brought online. The Williams Company has proposed to build 180 mile interstate pipeline, known as the Atlantic Sunrise Project, from northern Pennsylvania and connect it to their main U.S. gas pipeline that travels from Texas to the northeast. The actual connection point would be in southern Lancaster County. Thirty-seven miles of the proposed pipeline would go through my county, and we are talking about a $2.6 billion economic impact throughout the construction of this project. Williams has been very cooperative and easy to work with as various concerns have come up. Over 100 route changes, which is more than \1/2\ of the original route, have been made based on stakeholder input. Williams is also committed to making the pipeline open access so that potential customers in Lancaster County could directly access the pipeline.    As you can imagine, a project of this size does generate controversy and opposition. One early controversy was the proposed routing of the pipeline through a protected and environmentally sensitive area parallel to the Susquehanna River. The Board of Commissioners, working with several local organizations, went to Williams and expresses strong concerns regarding this route. Williams quickly found a new route and completely moved away from the sensitive areas, and did so with Native American sites and water source areas.    Lancaster County has five significant pipelines running through our county. Many property owners are not even aware of the pipelines that cross their land. Based upon discussions with local farmers having existing pipelines on their property, Williams, including with their major U.S. pipeline, has been very responsive to their needs.    Lancaster County is one of the leaders in agricultural production, not only in Pennsylvania but across the county, but we also preserve more farmland than any other county in the United States, with over 100,000 acres preserved. Needless to say, the county ordinances that govern our farmland preservation program have allowed pipelines since inception. Since November of 2014, there have been two elections where the proposed pipeline was in a de facto manner on the ballot, and the voters were very clear in rejecting efforts to stop the proposed pipeline, including an effort to have two townships adopt a community-based ordinance that would essentially declare that federal and state laws do not apply in these municipalities. I believe that many of these voters clearly recognize that this pipeline represents the concept of a greater good being served.    In closing, I want to again emphasize how incredibly important the ongoing energy revolution is to the future of the United States, and indeed, the world. While renewables, greater efficiencies, clean coal, next-generation nuclear, and a secure and smart grid are vitally important, it is really the virtually unlimited supply of clean, recoverable natural gas from shale that will lead America into the future.    Thank you.    Mr. Martin. Well, first and foremost, what we have seen is, one, Pennsylvania putting forth an impact fee with monies that were distributed back not only to well counties, but also to counties who end up having pipelines. Those kinds of funds that are coming back are used to conserve open space, preserve ag preservation easements, and also really replace structurally deficient bridges. But we are also seeing the economic impact as well here. We have IT companies that do data mappings of pipelines and wells that have grown dramatically. Engineering firms. One of the larger engineering firms in the Marcellus Shale region, Virtue Engineering, more than doubled in size. Over a 2-year period, they bought an additional 75 vehicles.    I used in my testimony examples of the Pennsylvania National Guard or Shady Maple. Shady Maple saving over 170--it is a smorgasbord, if anyone has ever been to one, I highly recommend it. $175,000 a year in energy costs, which then Garden Spot School District saw, which is in the same area, and said we are going to tape in, and they are going to realize those savings.    Now, we would like to see more of it. Unfortunately, about \1/2\ of Pennsylvanians do not have access to that natural gas, but given the premise of the open access nature of pipelines, you will start to see more of these entities like the Pennsylvania National Guard at Fort Indiantown Gap, and others, who are able to tap in and be able to realize that savings. And where we expect to see most of it, and where we hear from a lot of our constituents, is especially in the area of manufacturing, especially those who are heavily reliant on energy to do that. We have companies that spend over $3 million a year in energy costs, but they are nowhere near the nearest pipeline. So I think we will see further opportunities coming forth.    But I just want to add, Congressman, two of the great things I see is, you are now able to get an education in Pennsylvania in the petroleum and gas industry that you had to go to like Texas Tech to used to be able to get. They are investing in areas--I think $2 \1/2\ million dollar grant from the industry to Lackawanna Community College. Two-year program, cost for that 2 years about $22,000. And when they are coming out of that program, the starting rate is like $68,000. So those are the types of things that you are seeing. These are good middle-class jobs that not only use your head but also use your hands. And we are seeing that grow, and that is something we hopefully continue to see grow not only through Lancaster County, but throughout Pennsylvania.