    Mr. Horowitz. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Members, Members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me to testify before you today.    Earlier this year, the Department advised the Office of Inspector General that it had received information indicating that jurisdictions receiving Department grant funds may be in violation of title 8 United States Code, section 1373. The Department provided the OIG with grant information related to more than 140 State and local jurisdictions and asked our office to review the allegations.    We considered the matter as requested and subsequently provided the Department with a memorandum advising it of the steps we had taken and summarizing the information we had learned. We did so expeditiously because, in part, the Department's grant process was ongoing, and we found that the Department had not provided grant recipients with clear guidance as to whether section 1373 was an applicable Federal law with which recipients were expected to comply in order to satisfy relevant grant rules and regulations.    Based on a large number of jurisdictions cited by the Department and the need for us to review this expeditiously, we judgmentally selected 10 State, and local jurisdictions for further review. For each jurisdiction, we researched the local laws and policies that govern their interactions with U.S. Immigrations and Customs enforcement and interviewed ICE officials to gain their perspective on ICE's relationship with the jurisdictions.    Based on our research, we found that the laws and policies of several jurisdictions went beyond placing limitations on complying with civil immigration detainer requests and potentially limited the sharing of immigration status information with Federal immigration authorities.    We also found that the laws and policies of some jurisdictions in our sample group that address the handling of ICE detainer requests might have had a broader practical impact on the level of cooperation with ICE and therefore might be inconsistent with the intent of section 1373. ICE officials expressed a similar concern to us.    With regard to the New Orleans Police Department, we noted that its then existing policy broadly prohibited officers from disclosing a person's citizenship and immigration status information with an exception where the disclosure was ``required by Federal or State law.''    This savings clause language appeared to be potentially inconsistent with the plain language of section 1373 because, for example, section 1373 doesn't ``require'' cooperation with ICE, but rather prevents jurisdictions from prohibiting or restricting employees from providing immigration status to ICE upon request.    In our memorandum, we advise the Department of several steps it could consider taking to the extent its focus was to ensure grant recipient compliance with section 1373. Among the steps were to provide clear guidance to grant recipients regarding whether they would be expected to comply with section 1373 in order to satisfy relevant grant rules and regulations, to require grant applicants to provide certifications and supporting documentation regarding compliance with section 1373, and to consult with the Department's law enforcement counterparts at ICE and other agencies regarding such issues prior to grant awards.    We believe the steps we outlined would provide the Department with assurances that a grant applicant was cooperating--was operating in compliance with section 1373 and also would be helpful should the Department later refer alleged violations of section 1373 by grant recipients to the OIG for our investigation.    This concludes my statement, and I will be pleased to answer any questions that the Committee may have.    Mr. Horowitz. We ultimately, Congressman, didn't reach a final determination as to the legality or not of the issue, primarily because of the fact that we needed to get the report back to the Department and its request expeditiously. And in order to do that, we would really need to be on the ground, go to the city, look at some of the issues that have been previously--had previously been raised, talk with folks on the ground there both from the city and from ICE, and we haven't taken those steps and I am not in a position to give a legal determination at this point without taking a full effort in that regard.    Mr. Horowitz. In Sections 1373(a) and 1373(b), I will combine them for purposes of just mentioning this, it essentially prohibits State, local, or Federal law from prohibiting or restricting in any way employees of those entities from sending to, requesting from, or receiving from ICE, information about the immigration status of an individual.    Mr. Horowitz. The new policy that we also received on Friday afternoon and have looked at doesn't reference the word ``requesting,'' which is in (b)(1) of 1373.    Mr. Horowitz. It clearly addresses (a)----    Mr. Labrador, It clearly addresses (a).    Mr. Horowitz . It doesn't include the word ``requesting,'' which is in (b). Again, without us understanding more, I am not going to be in a position to make a legal opinion on whether it complies----    Mr. Horowitz . Or doesn't, but it omits the word ``request.''    Mr. Horowitz. That is correct.    Mr. Horowitz. I think it is an open question. I have gotten it--I got it Friday afternoon as well. I would have to do follow up, but with the absence of the word ``requesting,'' which is in 1373(b) is obviously a reasonable question here.    Mr. Horowitz. We looked at the policy that preexisted Friday and found they had a savings clause in their provision, meaning that if--that employees could comply if required to do so by Federal or State law. Our concern was how was that being interpreted and used, because Section 1373 doesn't require anything. It simply prevents state and local jurisdictions and Federal jurisdictions from preventing employees from contacting or responding to ICE----    Mr. Horowitz. Parts of the--other parts of the policy did address that.    Mr. Horowitz. I did.    Mr. Horowitz. The people of the United States.    Mr. Horowitz. It has been a while since I prosecuted a case, but you could certainly see that being a concern of people.    Mr. Horowitz. It is, and obviously depends on the judge's ruling as to the scope of that.    Mr. Horowitz. Correct.    Mr. Horowitz. That would also be allowed, again, to the extent and scope that the judge allowed it.    Mr. Horowitz. Presumably, but, again, I think it would be, depending on the facts and circumstances, up to the judge ultimately.    Mr. Horowitz. Depending on the facts and circumstances, yes.    Mr. Horowitz. I don't know the answer to that question, Mr. Chairman. You would have to ask the civil rights division.    Mr. Horowitz. Generally not.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, obviously our memorandum outlining the concerns we had about the provision that then existed may well have triggered the revisions.