    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the witnesses for your testimony. I have learned a lot.    I would like to kind of zero in a little bit more in depth in terms of what really the purpose is. We are not--I am not concerned from the panelists about the contents of the framework of the final deal but of the verification process--can we verify.    And so my first question is the inspection is being done primarily by the IAEA. Is that not correct? The question is do they have the resources to do what we are going to be asking them to do and who will provide these additional resources and if it is not in terms of the inspection how would you verify?    I don't want to hear about whether it is a good deal or not. The question is how would you propose to verify that the Iranians are not complying with the deal?    Can the--first of all, can the IAEA do it and if not what resources are they going to need to do it and who is going to provide those resources?    Mr. Lowenthal. Has that been provided already?    Mr. Lowenthal. Well, what mandates would you give?    Mr. Lowenthal. Mr. Duelfer, you were the one that said that in--you know, the difficulty in the--what would you do now? Let us say we are--we kind of come to agreement on kind of ultimately what he agreement will be, how are we going to verify it?    Mr. Lowenthal. Got it. I got it, and you learn that in terms of that it is not just the inspection but the consequences. I want to get back to that.    Is there a difference between trying to inspect and finding out whether you get caught or not on looking for weapons of mass destruction and in this case the development of a nuclear bomb? Is that the same process, same risks involved or same difficulties? It seems to me that they are different issues.    Mr. Lowenthal. I know I have to yield back because I have used my time. I am just wondering, Mr. Rademaker, do you have anything else to add in terms of the verification--the actual process itself?    Mr. Lowenthal. Do you believe if it was sufficient--if there was sufficient authority and sufficient resources that this would be appropriate?    Mr. Lowenthal. Going down this road of using the--you know, this kind of inspection regime, that this can work?    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you, and I yield back.