    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing.    Chief Weller, on October 4, the Chesapeake Bay Executive Council, including the EPA Administrator, the Governors of Virginia, Maryland, New York, Delaware, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, and the Mayor of Washington, D.C., and the Chair of the Chesapeake Bay Commission will be meeting to identify restoration challenges, moving forward. If given a seat at the table, what story would you tell about the role of voluntary conservation efforts being implemented by producers?    Mr. Allen. So what you are saying is that there is a joint effort here that has been successful. And then what is holding us back in continuing this effort?    Is there some way that we need to build a better partnership here? Are there obstructions to building a better partnership? Is there any finger-pointing or like, ``Hey, you are not doing enough,'' and that sort of thing? How do we do this in a joint effort to get to the end result we want?    Mr. Allen. Would the Chairman yield 1 additional minute?    The Chairman. The gentleman is recognized.    Mr. Allen. Okay.    Mr. Secretary, I would like to hear your thoughts on this collaborative effort. As you have recognized, the Bay received the highest grade for health since 1992 and 30th highest in 3 decades. Acknowledging that more work remains to be done, would you agree that we are on the right course to continue this collaborative effort and incentive-based conservation?    Mr. Allen. Okay. Well, thank you, again, for your testimony.    Again, our role here is to facilitate collaboration, and we are here to do that for you as best we can do in our role and as Members of Congress. And thank you for your efforts, and I wish you all the best. And let us know how we can help you.    Mr. Allen. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    I want to thank our witnesses. It is undeniable the record of success that we have accomplished together through voluntary conservation.    I was at a Chesapeake Bay event where the NFWF was presenting some grant moneys, some that came from the USDA, some came from the EPA, to folks. Actually, Secretary Larson was there. We did it, actually, at Penn State, Secretary Redding, we did it at the Larson farm at Penn State about a month ago or so. And it was out there that I made the comment that conservation is a team sport. And it is. And since we have embraced conservation not in a punitive way, a top-down penalty-imposed system, where we went to a team sport, which really reflects voluntary conservation, we have just made amazing gains so that water is cleaner. Our phosphates are down. Nitrates are down. Sediments are down. The other benefits, quite frankly, these voluntary programs create jobs for the mediation work that is done, whether it is for preparing buffers or stream bank restoration, just all the different things that are there. The endangered species that actually have been de-listed, which I still find just remarkable how well that has worked versus, unfortunately, what was tried to be done in the past with a punitive regulatory approach by the Fish and Wildlife Service. It just shows the benefits and not only has it worked based on pure, great statistically documented information, these studies, but it is a sustainable trend. It has a trajectory. It is about direction and momentum.    And so I have tremendous concerns of anything that would break that teamwork approach and taking our folks, who have been great, who have been embraced by farmers and ranchers on the fields, and having them exercise police power, I think that it is just very threatening to me in terms of the long-term. And not only would it, perhaps, stop our trajectory that we have now under voluntary conservation, we may actually see those gains start to erode.    I really appreciate both of you being here today to address this topic. Pennsylvania and the United States, quite frankly, are just tremendously benefited by having you in your leadership roles in agriculture. And I appreciate the opportunity to continue to work with you on this issue and others.    And under the Rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material and supplementary written responses from witnesses to any questions posed by a Member.    This Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry hearing is now adjourned.