    Mr. Guertin. Yes, sir.    Mr. Guertin. My understanding is Mr. Barton maintained an apartment in the DC Metro area, so he had residency established in Virginia. The IG report revealed that he was making frequent travel back to Boise, Idaho.    Mr. Guertin. It appears he was visiting there quite frequently, yes, sir.    Mr. Guertin. He would have been paid based on where his duty station was, which is the DC Metro area, sir.    Mr. Guertin. Slightly higher than what employees receive in Idaho, yes, sir.    Mr. Guertin. Probably a couple of thousand dollars a year, sir, in locality rate adjustment for a large metro area like DC versus a smaller town like Boise, Idaho.    Mr. Guertin. On a yearly basis, that sounds a little high, sir, but we can certainly verify for the record the specific amount that would have been the difference.    Mr. Guertin. He billed the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service for that travel.    Mr. Guertin. It appears, on the evidence that was provided to us by the OIG report, as well as our own forensics deep dive into the travel records going back those several years, he made a total of at least 50 round trip visits out there, which would have meant a total of 100 flights.    The troubling thing about this former employee is that he engineered a lot of his travel to guise it under a need for meeting with constituent groups, partners, or others and routed himself through Boise. I used to live and work in the West myself and know there are regional airports like Boise, Salt Lake, and others. It is very easy to route yourself through a city like that.    Mr. Guertin. Just to clarify, sir, it would be a total of 50 round trips, 100 flights, and he did bill $96,000 and some change to the Federal Government, yes, sir.    Mr. Guertin. The last year that he was employed by the Federal Government, that would have been his annual salary level, yes, sir.    Mr. Guertin. Congressman, Mr. Barton came to the Fish and Wildlife Service as a retired employee of the Idaho Fish and Game Department; and, at that time, he had worked with WAFWA as their treasurer.    When he was hired by the Fish and Wildlife Service, he purported to his supervisor that this was a voluntary non-paid position, and he likened it to, ``Well, I help them collect the till at the end of the services kind of a thing.'' As a Federal employee, he was required each year to fill out a detailed ethics form stating crystal clear if there were any sources of outside income, particularly his role as a grant administrator for agencies that we partner with on conservation.    Each year he failed to comply with this requirement for all Federal employees, lied on his ethics forms, and did not disclose any of this outside income.    Mr. Guertin. First of all, an appearance of conflict of interest. It is inappropriate for Federal employees to be involved in that type of role.    Second and most importantly, Federal employees are required to comply with these ethics laws for a reason, and he did not comply with them. That was the most unsettling and troubling aspect of all. He failed to comply and meet his responsibilities as a Federal employee.    Mr. Guertin. He continued to purport that this was a part-time, non-paying type of position. He was confronted with this back in 2014, and, at that point, actually resigned from WAFWA because he started getting nervous he was going to be caught doing this.    So he was, in fact, confronted and did, in fact, move off that position with WAFWA a couple of years ago.    Mr. Guertin. Unfortunately, many of the systems we rely on require individual employees to self-report. They fill out these ethics forms and they self-report them. We do not have the authority to independently contact any of these groups.    So, all I can say, Congressman, is that the 9,000 employees that I work with are honest or ethical and comply with these requirements. Mr. Barton did not. He misled and deceived all of us, and for that reason we are here before you today.    Mr. Guertin. Absolutely, yes, sir.    Mr. Guertin. Under the Privacy Act, I am not privy to share with you in this public hearing what actions the Fish and Wildlife Service did take. We did have the opportunity yesterday afternoon to brief committee staff on the specific actions we took in private session, and after the committee wraps up today, I would be glad to provide to you the same information in private session.    It is just the Privacy Act does not allow me to address that in this public hearing, sir.    Mr. Guertin. We took what actions we could under our guidance. We also sent him a bill to collect the $96,000 in fraudulent travel claims.    Mr. Guertin. We, under the Antideficiency Act and the authorizing legislation that enabled this program to begin with, will pursue every avenue at our means to continue to bird-dog him and collect those funds back.    Mr. Guertin. We are going back to every automated and self-reporting system we have in the Fish and Wildlife Service. We have some of our best folks working on ensuring that we have the proper guidance, protocols, and internal controls.    We actually have a lot of belief in the current system of internal controls. In this case, this unfortunate case, this one employee, a clever guy, was able to manipulate both personnel and systems to create this appearance that he was on authorized travel when, in fact, he was not. We are revitalizing all of our systems and personnel processes concurrently going forward so that unfortunate incidents can never happen again.