    Mr. Vejvoda. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much for your kind introduction and thank you again for organizing this hearing. As you said, there hasn't been one in 2 years and I would submit to you that that is already a sign of progress. That means that there hasn't been anything radical in the region that would provoke a hearing. And I would like to try and say why I believe there has been progress over all these years and it is an honor to be testifying with the Honorable DioGuardi. Thank you so much.    This is about the integration post Second World War Europe, a part of Europe that was left behind the Iron Curtain. Of course, the former Yugoslavia was not. It was in between NATO and the Warsaw Pact, a relatively independent country in terms of its foreign policy. And it slumbered into complete destruction when everybody thought there would never be war in Europe at the end of the 20th century. My country disappeared in front of me and is today seven countries.    Why has there been progress? Well, very simply because there has been serious reconciliation. We haven't talked at all about regional cooperation which is very intense. Just to give you two examples, the military intelligences of all the countries regularly meet twice a year to exchange experiences, youth meets, cultural festivals. There has been a reconstitution of the cultural and societal space after a conflict rather rapidly. We like to say in the region, I am from Belgrade myself, that wars are quick to happen, but they also subside very quickly and people get back to their business.    In spite of all the difficulties that remain, I need not remind you and this country that the scars of the Civil War remain after a long time, after that conflict as we celebrate 150 years of the end of the War. I think here we have moved very rapidly. And the fact that we have a European Union that is, in essence, a peace project after World War II and having to impede war is the main reason why these countries want to join, because they were not democratic. They were not encompassed by this peace project and the fact that the European Union has been so long as peace is one of the key reasons why they want to join. Nobody in the region is oblivious to the fact that Europe has problems, that the Euro zone is in crisis, that growth rates are slow.    And let me just give you one financial statistic. Greece, at the height of the crisis in 2010, had a GDP of $300 billion. If you put all the GDPs of all the former six Yugoslav republics, it barely reached $200 billion. What I am saying is these are small countries. They are weak economies. They had growth rates up until Lehman Brothers disappeared off the streets of New York of 7 to 8 percent. And thus, we suffered with the rest of the world back to low growth rates of 1 to 2 percent, minus 1 percent. And I would say there is nothing unusual in the Balkans about that because that is what happened to the rest of the world.    These countries are highly dependent on foreign direct investments. If you look at the trade patterns, we are fully trading with the European Union and the United States. We have many companies from the U.S. in the region. And in fact, they were calling from the Senate, Chris Murphy visited the region recently and was able to see for himself.    In comparison, Russia is very low on all of those charts in terms of aid and public forums and we can get back to that if you wish.    So what I am saying is that the European Union has put in a lot of money. USAID has been a key actor as has been the U.S. Government. Only yesterday, the German Foreign Minister Steinmeier visited Belgrade to see how things were progressing. He gave high marks for the reforms in Serbia and of course, complimented both Kosovo and Serbia on the advance they were making. These are historical, difficult challenges. And the fact that the leaders of both Kosovo and Serbia have found it in themselves to make this historical compromise and to move forward with all the difficulties, I would submit to you that it is great progress.    Of course, the fact that the growth rates are low that we have very high youth unemployment. In Bosnia, youth unemployment is above 60 percent. And the fact that we have a brain drain again is not unusual. Look at Spain. Look at Italy. Look at Portugal. Lots of young professionals, IT, are moving north into Scandinavia and into Germany. Again, I want to relativize the fact that we have problems because those of us around us have problems.    But I would like to underscore that it is about politics and geopolitics here. This region is what I call the inner courtyard of Europe. We are surrounded in the Western Balkans by full EU, full NATO member states. And all of the governments for the past 15 years, I take the fall of Milosevic as kind of the last hurdle, as the region moves forward, have determined to both join the EU and to join NATO except Serbia that still seeks a situation of neutrality. And the fact that there is this determination in spite of all is very important. And thus, I think, an invitation coming to Montenegro to join NATO, of course, if the marks are high in the boxes that it has to tick off, is most welcome because it demonstrates that the open-door policy of NATO is the reality. After 2009, so it is 6 years since the last enlargement round of NATO, and taking in Montenegro which would make the full northern coast of the Mediterranean, that is the only little part that remains not part of NATO would be symbolically and geopolitically very important.    And so the EU is working very hard and I would like to underscore the role of Germany. Along with other EU member states, it has taken a lead role. Chancellor Merkel has convened something called the Berlin Process. All the prime ministers of the region were convened to Berlin. They will meet again in Vienna in August and they were in Brussels just 10 days ago with the High Representative Mogherini to look at concrete infrastructure projects. Serbia and Kosovo are negotiating a highway that they will build together. A railroad is being built, a high-speed one between Belgrade and Budapest. So in spite of these difficulties and no one wants to underestimate them or neglect them, that is what life is about, to confront the challenges. I would say that there is leadership.    And I would also like to underscore the importance of civil society and the strength that it has and it requires full support from donors like USA, from the Balkan Trust that is still active. And thus this combination of leadership with support from the United States and the European Union, I think, will help us achieve that Europe whole, free, and at peace that is, I think, a common goal to all of us.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Vejvoda. Well, again, nothing special about the Balkans. Like most of the countries in the world, they have a varying level of debt. In Serbia, I know it is 75 percent of GDP to the debt which is around $25 billion, I think. Other countries also, Croatia, Slovenia, I mean EU member states also, not only Bosnia and Macedonia, Kosovo, Albania, and Montenegro.    The IMF has just concluded an agreement with Serbia just I think a month ago to the level of $3 billion to support the reform process and also the structural reforms that are required. Basically, in the case of Serbia----    Mr. Vejvoda. The structural reforms cannot happen without that support because structural reforms mean that you have to close down companies, so-called public enterprises that are working at a loss in Serbia. When you put them all together, there are roughly 300 companies or more that make a loss of $1 billion a year. So what the IMF and the World Bank are saying, you need to close this down, but of course, there are human stories behind that because that means laying off thousands of people who, in an economy without growth, you know, the state will have that burden to carry it and thus the support from the outside----    Mr. Vejvoda. No. These are all state-owned companies.    Mr. Vejvoda. No. These are loans that--of course, there is the privatization in place, not dissimilar to what is being asked of Greece or Ukraine at this moment. Of course, Greece should have done this a long time ago. It has been a member state of the EU for more than 40 years and a member of NATO for more than 60 years. So I think again, in comparison, things are moving. Yes, at a slow pace. And as a citizen of that region, I am also frustrated by it, but as an analyst, as a political scientist in my previous life, I think it is moving.    Mr. Vejvoda. It has to be, just as Greece is repaying it to the IMF and the World Bank, Serbia will repay this IMF loan of $3 billion to the IMF.    Mr. Vejvoda. This is all in IMF loans. These are not private banks.    Mr. Vejvoda. No, this is not like the case of Greece.    Mr. Vejvoda. There is.    Mr. Vejvoda. In Bosnia.    Mr. Vejvoda. There are, but in comparison to countries like France or Belgium or Sweden, we have very low numbers in the region throughout. Maybe from each country, 20, 30 people have gone, Bosnia, Serbia, Kosovo, a little more, Macedonia. There are now statistics. In fact, just yesterday, the European Union has decided to give $10 million euros to the region for greater interoperability between the civilian intelligence services so that they can do their job better, but I think they are doing very well.    Let me just add, and this is something that we didn't mention, there has been very intense cooperation between the United States, DEA, and our domestic civilian services on countering serious organized crime, especially cocaine trafficking from Latin America. A lot of these people are in jail and being tried. So I would like to underscore the interdependency, whether it is of the region with Europe or in this case of the United States with the region. There are FBI offices, I think, in all of these countries and there is very intense work together. So we are not an island separated from the rest of the world. So we share both the travails and the problems.    And I would like simply to make a distinction, Mr. Chairman, if you will allow, between political progress and economic troubles that the rest of the world is seeing. I would say that there has been huge political progress. We were communist countries. There was no freedom of speech, no freedom of association, no human rights. We have made huge strides. You heard from Deputy Assistant Secretary Hoyt Yee that Albania was now given a clean bill of justice on their last elections. It was the last country that didn't have elections that were considered free and fair. The rest of us in the region have that. We go home at 10 in the evening and we know that the votes are well counted. There is, of course, now this allegation of fraud in the case of Macedonia that is being investigated. You heard about that. But I think that citizens now do have the possibility of----    Mr. Vejvoda. That is what is being investigated, these wire taps and we will see what the prosecution in Macedonia comes up with up. They are very serious allegations. I do not----    Mr. Vejvoda. No, not at all, not closing our eyes at all. I think, again, the journalists, the citizens, there are strikes in our countries. People stand up for themselves and when they see unemployment or difficulties in government in going about the reforms, people are very supportive of these reforms. In fact, they are more supportive of reforms than joining the EU or NATO because they know it is about us.    So when we talk about the EU and NATO, what has been very clear and we talk about 15 years again in countries like Serbia because it is the fall of Milosevic that really marks the turning point for the region, when that authoritarian ruler was beat by us citizens at the polling station in a free election which we defended in the street, half a million of us went down into the street on October 5, 2000 to defend our freedom.    The case is that people know that freedom is valuable and they defend it, but we again are not an island in the Pacific that lives off coconuts. We are dependent on the world markets. For example, in Serbia we have a huge car plant that is owned by Chrysler-Fiat that has been doing well, but not everyone has the fortune to work in that car factory. So it is about foreign-direct investments. There is no economic domestic capacity in any of our countries. They are not billionaires. They are not Bill Gates or Warren Buffets who can invest. We need to await support either from international financial institutions and I would add the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the European Investment Bank.    Mr. Vejvoda. Mr. Chairman, if I could just add one sentence.    Mr. Vejvoda. To put it all to bluntly, we have done war and we have been there in the '90s. And we have learned what the cost of conflict is. And that is why progress is a fact in this region. Nobody wants to go back there, not the Bosnians, not the Albanians, not the Serbs, because it has been a huge cost to their lives. We have lost 10 years. I had to change my career. I suffered also with my family and others as has everyone in the region and that is why we want to join the European Union and most countries want to join NATO.    Mr. Vejvoda. And so in spite of the resilience, the resilience is important to understand why we want, but of course, there will be examples of young going to fight for the Islamic states.    Mr. Vejvoda. Yes, this is a well-known case. The Bitici brothers and their brother who fortunately is alive met the Serbian prime minister who promised him a face-to-face, that this would be dealt with.    Mr. Vejvoda. It has not yet been dealt with, but the prosecution is working full steam on this. I think the Serbian prime minister will be visiting Washington soon at the invitation of Vice President Biden.    Mr. Vejvoda. It has been long. It has been long.    Mr. Vejvoda. And unfortunately, it is not only the case with this, but there are journalists who were assassinated under Milosevic's time whose cases are not closed yet also. So it is not only----    Mr. Vejvoda. Thank you very much, Congressman Meeks, for those questions. First of all on Dayton, and the 20th anniversary, there is a very concrete now proposal that is a joint German-British proposal of Ministers Steinmeier and Hammond that came out in November about how to kick start, to put it very simply, Bosnia out of this stagnation, both politically and economically. They both visited the region recently. As a consequence, Bosnia, the Parliament, the new Parliament that was voted in recently and the new government signed on the dotted line that they would work within this proposal on how to find socioeconomic steps forward and also importantly, they were given the next step in EU integration which is called the Stabilization and Association Agreement that by the way Kosovo will be getting in a few months, if not weeks, if my dates are correct. That was announced by the EU Special Representation Samuel Zbogar just 2 or 3 days ago in Pristina.    So I think again the EU, with all of its troubles and slowness, is a tanker that moves ahead and the enlargement progress writ large is moving in spite of what was mentioned about the fatigue. And obviously, European countries are also in a process of what is called renationalization because everybody has economic and social problems and thus, they don't want to be seen as helping others or giving aid money when money is needed for employment.    So again, being very cautiously optimistic on Bosnia, which has been the slowest to move, identifiably, of all the countries, I think when the new government that has been established and having signed this compact with the European Union, we have to see what happens in the coming months and then come back and assess that.    On the agreement between Belgrade and Pristina and Serbia and Kosovo, I think as I said, it is a historical agreement. There is no easy way around this. Both countries know, both capitals, both prime ministers know that if they do not reach an agreement there is no help out there. There is no movement toward either the European Union or anywhere else. The EU made by its own recognition a mistake by taking in Cypress as a member state with an unresolved territorial issue. As you know, the north of the island still is under the control of Turkey. And it so happened people make mistakes and they said never again. So that means that both Belgrade and Pristina have to resolve this, sign on the dotted line in the end at the doorstep of Europe, in the door step, just after the door step and what is termed the process of normalization. This is going to last several years. Nobody is at the door step of Europe yet. I think the closest is Montenegro and after that Serbia. They both hope to finish the negotiations by 2019, 2020. And there is the ratification process.    So I think that the fact that we didn't have a government in Pristina for well close to a year hindered the advance. Again, as a citizen, I would like to see this move much more rapidly to see more movement in this direction. But again, because we are dealing with a conflict, a post-conflict situation, we have leaders who have now signed, Prime Ministers Dacic and Thachi now; today, Prime Ministers Mustafa and Vucic met in Brussels on February 9th. They made an agreement on the judiciary. They will be meeting again. The teams are meeting all the time. They have, we have not Ambassadors, but representatives on both sides sitting in Belgrade from Kosovo and vice versa. Our foreign minister was in Pristina just a month ago for a meeting of foreign meetings. There is more than meets the eye. Let me put it that way. These things do not hit the news because they are not news, if it is not something dramatic. What I am saying is we are moving slowly up the hill.    Mr. Vejvoda. Just very briefly, Chairman Rohrabacher, I am very happy to hear that you will be--you are planning to visit the region. I think that is the best way to beyond us who are testifying here today.    Mr. Vejvoda. I am glad we locked that in. So you will genuinely see for yourselves and obviously you will be meeting everyone from government and nongovernmental organizations to representatives of our minorities and our business people which is very important.    I would just like to mention that in Belgrade in September there will be a meeting of business people with all the prime ministers of the region called Southeast European Compact that was supposed to be held in March, but was delayed. It is about the credibility of the West, may I put it, of both the European Union and the United States, to see to it that these countries are finally integrated. I think there is a way to move this forward more quickly. The countries have 90 percent of the obligations to reform themselves, to put their institutions to consolidate them, make them as democratic as possible and for the citizens to be engaged and see to it that their elected officials are accountable and responsible.    Finally, I think the whole region, all of these countries individually have decided and have joined the community of values that represents the transatlantic community and I think that is the basis of the fact that this--that one can be cautiously optimistic that we are moving in the right direction.    Mr. Vejvoda. Actually, I would like to correct the Honorable DioGuardi. It is 110 countries that have recognized Kosovo, so it is going----    Mr. Vejvoda. There is an example called the two Germanies that the negotiations between Belgrade and Pristina in 2007 and then under Ambassador Ischinger advocated. I think again, there is nothing simple in these processes. I think we are moving to a full normalization. I don't need to tell you that domestic politics is the key one because politicians like to be elected and they choose their moments of advance or waiting for the right moment to do the difficult decisions.    Mr. Vejvoda. Yes.