    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I also wanted to start by congratulating my colleague from New York, Mr. Tonko, on continuing his role as ranking member of this important subcommittee.    And I think I can speak for all the Members on our side of the aisle when I say that we appreciate your expertise and leadership on environmental issues, Paul.    Let me just turn to the topic today. I would like to commend the EPA for finalizing national criteria for coal ash disposal. These criteria will for the first time provide the framework for addressing this serious environmental problem.    Unsafe disposal of coal ash poses serious threats to human health and the environment. The three primary risks are groundwater contamination, fugitive dust, and catastrophic failure of wet impoundments. And I am happy to say that each of these risks is addressed in the EPA's new rule.    EPA first determined that national disposal criteria were needed for coal ash in the year 2000. That was 15 years ago now. And the need for this rule has only become clearer.    We now have 157 documented cases of damage to human health in the environment from unsafe coal ash disposal. It is possible that, with the monitoring required under this rule, that number will only go up because more contamination will be detected.    This rule is the product of a robust public process, including field hearings and several rounds of public comment. It reflects the input of over 450,000 commenters, including States, industry groups, environmental groups, and individual concerned citizens, and it addresses many of the concerns that this subcommittee has heard in past hearings.    By proceeding under subtitle D, EPA addressed concerns about stigma raised by industry. By laying out a framework for States to incorporate the regulations into existing programs, EPA addressed State concerns. And by requiring public reporting of monitoring data and addressing some legacy sites, EPA addressed many concerns raised by environmental advocates.    We will hear today that not everyone is satisfied with the rule. Certainly many in the environmental community argue that only a subtitle C rule would protect human health. And it is possible that the self-implementing nature of the rule could lead to inconsistent compliance.    But, as a whole, the rule is an important step forward. The rule will offer important protections for human health in the environment, including many important protections that were not part of past legislative proposals.    Now, as we look ahead in this subcommittee, I think the publication of this final rule changes our role. We are no longer called upon to set national criteria and statute because those criteria have been set through a robust transparent process.    Instead, we will have to monitor compliance and conduct oversight of the rule's novel implementation structure, and I hope we can conduct that oversight in a bipartisan manner.    Again, I applaud EPA for their hard work and look forward to the testimony.    And I would yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    There is no question that coal ash can pose serious risk when not disposed of properly. Many people in this room have spent the better part of a decade working on this issue, and I commend EPA for finalizing this rule.    I wanted to ask Mr. Stanislaus: Do you have the confidence that this final rule is protective of public health and the environment? And, in your view, are there gaps in the protections under this rule that would need to be filled by legislation?    Mr. Pallone. And in terms of any gaps that would need to be filled by legislation?    Mr. Pallone. Well, what about beneficial reuse? Will this rule restrict beneficial reuse in any way to stigmatize coal ash?    Mr. Pallone. But, still, I expect we are going to hear from the second panel that legislation is needed to remove EPA's authority to regulate coal ash under subtitle C in the future.    What factors might lead EPA to someday regulate coal ash under subtitle C?    Mr. Pallone. I mean, I think it is safe to say, if coal ash does not become more toxic and implementation of subtitle D is effective, EPA would have no reason to pursue a subtitle C rule.    But if it turns out that ash does become more toxic and we find that States and utilities are not doing enough under the subtitle D rule to protect human health--if that turned out to be the case, would it be important for EPA to be able to pursue subtitle C regulation, in your opinion?    Mr. Pallone. No. I understand that.    But I am just saying, you know, because of those who advocate that you shouldn't be able to pursue subtitle C regulation or to eliminate that option, if it turns out that the ash is becoming more toxic and that the States and utilities aren't doing enough under subtitle D, do you think it would be important for EPA to continue to be able to pursue subtitle C regulation in that eventuality?    Mr. Pallone. So you don't want to comment on the possibility of pursuing subtitle C regulation and whether that is important?    Mr. Pallone. Not at this time.    All right. Thank you so much.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.