    Mr. Garamendi. I thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding the hearing and for the witnesses. It is good to see you once again and look forward to your testimony.    This hearing is very, very important. We need to understand our efforts and the effort of our international partners to interdict the flow of illegal drugs into the United States from points all across the Western Hemisphere.    At the hearing convened last April, I stressed that the current age of budgetary austerity, it remains essential for Congress to scrutinize every drug interdiction program to ensure that the various Federal agencies involved are best coordinating and utilizing their resources to the greatest effect in the transit zone. That sentiment is just as valid today as we take up this matter again.    Additionally, I also voice concern about the imminent operational gap that the Coast Guard will have to contend with its aging legacy fleet of High and Medium Endurance Cutters as they are decommissioned or laid up more frequently for emergency repairs and maintenance.    If anything, the recent hearing last month on the Coast Guard acquisition activities further corroborate my belief that the Coast Guard is going to be extremely hard pressed to maintain its existing capabilities, much less increase the tempo of their operations, and as you suggest, Mr. Chairman, make their bogey, that is, to get the number of drugs that they intend to.    This raises the fundamental question, if the Coast Guard operational readiness and capability is likely to be degraded, at least until we begin to see the delivery of the new Offshore Patrol Cutters, where can we turn now to find the assets and resources necessary to plug the hole? Unfortunately, it would appear that the Navy is not where we will go. They are scaling back the number of frigates and other assets it deploys through SOUTHCOM to support the JIATF operations.    Moreover, despite the fact that the transit zone across the Western Hemisphere is roughly twice the size of the continental mass of the United States, other bureaus within the Department of Homeland Security continue to disproportionately allocate resources to reinforce the southern border, notwithstanding the data demonstrating that the maritime routes are becoming the preferred option for international criminal syndicates, and if supplemental resources are not going to be forthcoming soon, this leads us back to another fundamental question.    How can we reasonably expect the Coast Guard and other Federal agencies, for that matter, to accomplish their vital missions? As I stated at the last hearing: If we want to succeed in our efforts to prevent illegal drugs from entering our country, we can no longer ignore the fact that inadequate Coast Guard budgets have left the Service out on the precipice, and until we have resolved the issue of this reality in full, we are far more likely to see more illicit drugs, more illegal migrants and other harmful contraband crossing our shores.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Garamendi. Congratulations.    Mr. Garamendi. I thank you, Mr. Chairman. Actually three sets of questions. Now the first is on assets, the availability of the Coast Guard, how do you intend to bridge the gap if the Navy is pulling out and the Offshore Patrol Cutters are not, for another 2 years, assuming that they are actually going to wind up in that area, how do you intend to bridge the gap? That is one question. Let us deal with them one at a time, and then you won't have to write notes about the questions. So Admiral Michel.    Mr. Garamendi. So we have got about a 2-year, maybe a 3-year period of time here in which it is going to be touch and go. What are the role of the other countries in the area? You mentioned Colombia, the Coast Guard, Colombia's Coast Guard, Panama, and so forth. Would you speak for a few moments about that?    Mr. Garamendi. Let's continue on with the other countries. There has been talk of a billion-dollar foreign aid program for the triangle countries in Central America, and that is part of this puzzle, it would seem to me. And also, how do you interact in the training programs that apparently are going to be diminished?    Mr. Garamendi. You have been doing about 2,000 students a year. Are you going to be able to maintain that, given the budget cuts?    Mr. Garamendi. And finally, if I might, Mr. Chairman, the issue of unmanned vehicles both on the water or under the water and in the air. What efforts are you making to work with the military or others and your own efforts on these unmanned vehicles?    Mr. Garamendi. I for one, and I suspect the rest of my committee colleagues here, would like to be kept abreast of your plans with regard to these vehicles; also, how you will be collecting and analyzing the data.    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you. I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for the extra time.