    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you. Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the full Committee, I appreciate the opportunity to testify here today.    Before I begin, I would also like to acknowledge your former colleague, Mark Takai, Congressman Mark Takai of Hawaii, who served as ranking member of the Subcommittee on Contracting and the Workforce. Congressman Takai was a great partner with the Small Business Administration and his presence will be truly missed.    Over the past 7 years, the administration, Congress, SBA, and Federal agencies have been successful in expanding Federal small business contracting opportunities through increased advocacy efforts and improved policies and regulations. As a result, the level of accountability has been raised across the Federal Government, allowing small businesses to continue to become more agile, innovative, and affordable providers of goods and services. This increased focus has resulted in over $640 billion in Federal contracting dollars being awarded to small businesses from fiscal year 2009 to 2015. Of that, $90.7 billion was awarded in fiscal year 2015, which represents an incredible impact to the American economy and drives job creation and support for over 537,000 jobs.    Through small business contracting, the Federal Government acts as a catalyst for small business growth, while supporting the economic security of the Nation. In 2015, for the third consecutive year, the Federal Government exceeded the 23 percent small business prime contracting procurement goal, awarding 25.75 percent of eligible contracts to small businesses. This is the highest percentage recorded in history.    Additionally, the Federal Government achieved the women-owned small business goal of 5 percent for the first time in history and achieved the highest percentage ever of contracts awarded to small disadvantaged businesses, as well as service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses.    Over the last few years, the SBA's Office of Government Contracting and Business Development began a variety of streamlining efforts to enhance customer service and reduce the administrative burdens on small businesses. These ongoing efforts include significant improvements and reduced timelines in processing 8(a) and HUBZone applications, 8(a) mentor protege agreements, as well as overhauling the HUBZone, 8(a), and WSB programs' standard operating procedures.    GCBD also invested in IT solutions to improve efficiencies for our interactions with small businesses. To ensure compliance with small business contracting regulations, Administrator Contreras-Sweet authorized the hiring of 10 additional procurement center representatives, who have subsequently been hired. SBA has implemented over 25 provisions from the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 and the National Defense Authorization Acts of 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016, and is making great progress towards implementing the remaining provisions.    Of note, the SBA issued a final rule expanding HUBZone eligibility in areas surrounding Base Realignment and Closure, BRAC, areas, qualified disaster areas, as well as allowing Native Hawaiian organizations to own HUBZone firms. We are working closely with the FAR Council to incorporate new regulations into the FAR as quickly as possible.    Lastly, SBA issued a final rule implementing the new Small Business Mentor-Protege program, which was followed by Administrator Contreras-Sweet approving the new office structure and processes for the program. With these important steps, the new Small Business Mentor-Protege program is on track to begin accepting applications on the 1st of October.    As we continue to support and improve contracting opportunities for small business, there are always opportunities to build on our strength and improve in certain areas. We are aware of the two open GAO recommendations and two OIG recommendations associated with the HUBZone program that we are actively working to resolve. In particular, we have maintained open communications and engagement with the GAO and believe we are nearing closure of these recommendations.    In general, the HUBZone contracting program serves as an economic development tool that encourages small businesses to locate, invest, and hire employees from economically disadvantaged areas of the United States. As an agency, we work tirelessly to educate the small business and procurement communities about the HUBZone program in order to encourage firms to seek certification, help agency buyers utilize the program, and show economic development entities how the program's benefits can be used to attract small businesses to their areas.    Despite limited resources, the program has been successful in its efforts to ensure its mission is achieved. For example, the HUBZone program has implemented a sustainable plan to process applications within a 90-day period. We have also successfully conducted site visits to 10 percent of the firms in the portfolio with 87 percent of those site visits finding firms that are in compliance. In addition, the program has increased education and outreach through the second year of the designation HUB initiative by visiting 15 cities and encouraging small businesses to seek Federal contracting opportunities.    Moreover, the SBA recently conducted an in-depth analysis of the legislative and regulatory history of the program to determine if it had the authority to remove the 20 percent population cap to positively impact additional areas. Our analysis confirmed that the SBA did have the authority to remove the cap, and subsequently did so, increasing the number of census tracks in the HUBZone program. Due to the removal of the cap, Puerto Rico saw the largest increase of 516 new designated HUBZone areas.    We are committed to continuous improvement in the HUBZone program, along with the SBA's other certification and contracting programs. Our goal is to remove unnecessary burdens placed on the small businesses that have no merit, as our mission is to ensure that responsible small businesses have the maximum practicable opportunity to compete for and win contracts with the Federal Government.    In closing, I would like to recognize this Committee's commitment to small business and for being a partner in advancing positive small business practices across the Federal marketplace. I would also like to acknowledge the administration and Federal agencies for their dedication to providing meaningful contracting opportunities to the small business community. Led by Administrator Contreras-Sweet, we will continue to fight for small businesses and advocate on their behalf.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify here today. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you for that question. As I mentioned in my testimony, sir, we began analyzing the potential impact of removing the cap I would say probably 6 to 9 months ago, and the discussion centered around the fact that the caps are included in the analysis by Housing and Urban Development for the purposes of the IRS. We found no statutory reason why those caps were included for the HUBZone program. Based on our general counsel's review of our statute and analysis that we had authority to move forward in removing the caps, we went ahead and did that because we would expand the program exponentially to deserving communities that could benefit from participating in the program. Specifically, I think the largest impact was in Puerto Rico, and obviously, this is an area that both the administration and the Hill is interested in helping.    Mr. SHORAKA. I would have to defer to our Office of General Counsel, who provided an opinion to my office with that respect and we have shared it with the Hill. And in fact, I think we have shared it with GAO as well. But the analysis that, again, that I have seen with our recommendations from our general counsel is that the statute and the calculation performed by the HUD, when they put that 20 percent cap on it, is specifically for the purposes of the IRS and not for our purposes.    Mr. SHORAKA. When did we provide----    Mr. SHORAKA. I think that was just recently, if I am not mistaken.    Mr. SHORAKA. Ma'am, would consider the fact that we issued a press release, completely open discussion. This is nothing that we were----    Mr. SHORAKA. I do not know if I was in that particular meeting, but that is nothing that we have intended to hide from anybody, ma'am. We did a press release. We did events around the country. Our director of HUBZone, in fact, was in Puerto Rico, and discussed the impact to Puerto Rico with respect to the removal of the cap. This was all done in June, and quite frankly, it was done to make sure that our HUBZone program impacts the deserving communities that it should be impacting.    Mr. SHORAKA. May I respond to that?    Mr. SHORAKA. So as you are aware, a full front-end certification was put in place in 2009 and 2010, and because of that full front-end certification, I mean, we get sort of the discussion on both sides. Right? We get the question with respect to firms who oftentimes complain because of the time it takes to have them certified, and, quite frankly, it has to be a balancing act. So we have implemented a full front-end certification process that sometimes is considered overly onerous. And quite frankly, over the last several years, over the last 2 years, we have looked at how do we remove some of those burdens. Because in my opinion, our programs are targeted towards some of the most underserved communities, which a lot of times do not have the resources to be able to put applications together that are 2 pounds of paper. So we are looking for opportunities to reduce the burden on those firms, and it has to be a balancing act. Sometimes we increase risk, but we reduce the burden on our firms.    Mr. SHORAKA. So just to explain. Housing and Urban Development actually performs this analysis, and for the reasons of other programs, puts a 20 percent population concentration cap. What we have determined is that that cap is not relevant or goes to the intent of this program because it reduces the communities that can participate in this program, so we have actually removed that cap in our calculations. So we are not changing any of the calculations that Housing and Urban Development does and has done and continues to do for us. They put an additional cap for other program purposes, a 20 percent population cap. We take that away because we feel that it does not go to the intent of the HUBZone program.    Mr. SHORAKA. So it has----    Mr. SHORAKA. It is a population concentration cap. In other words, if more than 20 percent of the population is below the poverty line, then the cap is in place. And I can certainly get you specifics with response to how this has impacted the communities. What I mentioned in my testimony is that in Puerto Rico, we increased the HUBZone areas from 27 percent of the census tracks to close to 87 percent of the census tracks.    Mr. SHORAKA. And we have the calculations by State, and I am happy to share that with you.    Mr. SHORAKA. Correct.    Mr. SHORAKA. We, you know, one of the things--that is an excellent question.    Mr. SHORAKA. Right.    Mr. SHORAKA. Yes. That is an excellent question, sir. Thank you.    We actually have lost over a third of our portfolio because of the census track redesignations of the 2010 census. So we lost over two-thirds and we are down year about 5,000 firms in the portfolio where we were historically up around 8,000 or 9,000. Since then, we have sort of leveled out at right under 4,000 firms in the portfolio. What we have been attempting to do over the last 2 to 3 years is actually through our Destination Hub Initiative, trying to increase the number of firms. We have the capacity, and as Mr. Shear mentioned, we are developing the technology to be able to make sure that the deserving firms to participate in our program.    Mr. SHORAKA. I think the HUBZone program is unique in many instances, right? So there are certain requirements that sometimes can be complicated for small businesses to maintain. One is their primary office has to be in a HUBZone. That means that most of their employees, the largest percentage of their employees, actually work out of that office. Another is that 35 percent of their staff have to reside in the HUBZone. Maybe not that same HUBZone, but in a HUBZone. So oftentimes, when we have talked to firms, they have talked about the difficulty of being able to maintain those requirements, especially as they get contracts and they begin to grow. So the challenge is, quite frankly, it is a unique and different program. A lot of times firms will fall in and out of compliance with the program. And quite frankly, contracting officers have a hesitancy to use the program sometimes because of these unique differences.    We have in the last several rules that we have promulgated, if that is the right word, I apologize, we have implemented measures to put the HUBZone program at the same level with our other programs. When it comes to--and this is kind of in the weeds--when it comes to nonmanufacturing rule waivers or when it comes to limitations on subcontracting, these were differences in the program that were not the same as the WOSB program or the service-disabled program.    So I think it is twofold. One is, quite frankly, it is a unique and challenging program. So firms are sometimes reluctant to take advantage of it. I think we need more training with contracting officers to encourage them to take the program seriously. And lastly, I think this is a great opportunity to look at the statute to see where we can add some level of continuity or comfort or consistency with firms falling in and out of program requirements.    Mr. SHORAKA. If I just may real quick on that----    Mr. SHORAKA. I think one of the things that we have done, in addition to sort of looking at SBA One and making sure that the new system that should be launched by March of 2017 accounts for this communication, is to ensure that all new HUBZones, HUBZone firms, subscribe to the newsletter, which is put out regularly to inform them of changes in the designation. And it is a requirement, and I think this is absolutely correct. Not only do you have to monitor the HUBZones with respect to your principal office, but you have to monitor HUBZones with respect to your employees and where they reside. And so having an automated system to be able to do that for you and your staff, it would alleviate a lot of the burdens that are now manual.    Mr. SHORAKA. Absolutely. Thank you, ma'am.    You are absolutely correct. This is a technology that is outdated and has lived its life. We recently engaged a vendor not only to address the certification module, the HUBZone certification module, but also the mapping module. And they will begin work on it in earnest this month. And as I mentioned earlier, by March of 2017, we should have at least an initial module out on the program.    What we try to do is with respect to changes in the program and changes in the maps, the data that is out there that changes either economic information or unemployment information sometimes is updated monthly, right? We collect that data and issue changes either to the qualified census track or the nonmetropolitan areas on an annual basis, and we do have a vendor that uploads this data and adjusts the maps. But as you have mentioned, it is an outdated map and it is not as user-friendly as one would hope. And we are trying to address that in the next 6 to 9 months.    Mr. SHORAKA. We hope to have, as I said, a revised mapping system and HUBZone certification system by March of 2017.    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you for bringing that to my attention, first off. But one is, you know, we always encourage the firms, as Mr. Shear has mentioned, to work with our local district offices in situations like that so they are absolutely sure what that data is. And the second is, as we update the maps, anytime there are changes, we also upload a much more manual process of spreadsheets that have census tracks and zip codes. So we direct businesses, small businesses to those as well to double-check the accuracy of the map. But I think this is something that we need to work with our district offices to make sure that we are available to the firms when there are questions.    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you, sir.    Two points. One is I do not have the numbers for your district in front of me, but I certainly will share that with you after the hearing. There are an additional 2,015 census tracks that were qualified as HUBZones across the country. Every State saw an impact. It was not a pick or choose decision. The QCTs, which are by statute what we have to use, is what we continue to use. We are not stopping using the QCTs as put out by HUD. What we did was not include the additional step that they take to put the 20 percent cap on. There were significant impacts on all of the States, the most significant being Puerto Rico, but certainly, I know off the top of my head that there was an impact in Mississippi, but I do not know the exact numbers and we would be happy to share those with you, sir.    Mr. SHORAKA. Sir, again, we would be happy to share with you the legal analysis that we received from our Office of General Counsel. Their opinion was that we did have the authority to not use the additional steps performed by HUB for other program purposes. It was not a picking or choosing of where the impact would be made. It had an impact on every State.    And the other thing that I will point out is that we have had a situation where we have been trying to recruit additional firms into the program. Where we were at a portfolio of 8,000 or 9,000, we are----    Mr. SHORAKA. As I mentioned before, there are a number of requirements to become HUBZone certified. And as a result, quite frankly, of the findings in 2008 and 2009 of GAO, the program did become a full front-end certification program. So the primary office for the HUBZone firm needs to be in a HUBZone area. And by that, that means that the largest percentage of staff work in that office. And then 35 percent of your employees need to also reside in a HUBZone area. Again, not the same HUBZone area, but in a designated HUBZone area.    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you. Thank you for that question.    One of the things that we have identified, both in the 8(a) program and the HUBZone program, quite frankly, in making sure that we are customer-friendly, is the overly burdensome requirements in some of our recertification or annual review processes. So we did put a team together to look at how we are recertifying both 8(a) and HUBZone companies, and how can we reduce the burden on some of the smallest firms, some of the most deserving firms in the country.    So one of the things that we did, and this is a discussion we have had with GAO, is to streamline the recertification process for the HUBZone and, quite frankly, for both, but for the HUBZone companies, so that they do not drop out of the program just because it is an overly burdensome process.    Now, they recertify that they continue to meet the requirements of the program with the risk or at risk of perjuring themselves. So when they recertify, they sign at risk of perjuring themselves. When we find a bad actor, and we have done this a number of times, we have had more suspensions, debarments, and proposed suspensions and debarments in the last 4 years than in the previous decade, when we find a bad actor, we move quickly to get them out of Federal contracting. But our intent is to make our programs as user-friendly as possible. When we talk about risk-based analysis, when we do our site visits, the 10 percent, we look at not just any firm in the HUBZone program; we look at who is receiving contracts. That is where the risks exist, right? They are receiving benefits. Benefits are flowing to a recipient. And as I am sure you would agree, we would want the benefits to flow to the intended recipients. Our site visits oftentimes are determined on where contracts are going. And again, those site visits have documented 87 percent of the firms meeting the requirements of the program.    And lastly, I do not want to take too long, but lastly, we have the entire protest function. So if either a contracting officer or the SBA or an interested party, like the second runner-up in a contract, feels that that winner did not meet the requirements of being a HUBZone, they can file a protest, and that is when we will review all of the documentation to make sure that indeed they meet the requirements of the program.    Mr. SHORAKA. I think for us right now, one of the--obviously, the base metric is the percentage that we are held accountable to as the Federal Government, the 3 percent goal, which is the statutory goal on prime and subcontracts. And when you look at that, quite frankly, because of the firms that we lost, because of the redesignation of the census change in 2010, we lost a third of the portfolio. And so when we came close to meeting that number in 2009, it has, quite frankly, been a challenge. We hit 1.82 percent last year, so that is an area that the Federal Government can improve on, and that is an area where we have done----    Mr. SHORAKA. That is an area that we, as an agency, have not looked at, quite frankly. And when Congresswoman Velazquez also talked about the impact to the communities, that is an area where we have had difficulty in being able to analyze are there a good number of firms, HUBZone firms, in this community? And what is the impact or the economic impact?    Now, obviously, if an area was a HUBZone and then because of economic data no longer is a HUBZone, one would assume that good economic things have occurred, unemployment went down. But can we really correlate that to the HUBZone firms or the fact that that area was a HUBZone? That has been a difficult challenge for us to be able to determine.    Mr. SHORAKA. If I am not mistaken, there is a $3 million or $2.8 million line item for the HUBZone program annually.    Mr. SHORAKA. Eighteen. Now, that is 18 that do the certification and the recertification. We obviously have district offices. We have 68 district offices around the country that help support and educate and, you know, do our outreach and recruiting, et cetera. So a portion of their time is dedicated to the HUBZone program. And that does not include, you know, our sister agencies and all their small business specialists, et cetera, that help to promote the HUBZone program.    Mr. SHORAKA. I think for our part this is a question, quite frankly, that we have around the 8(a) program as well. What is the impact of being in the program and how do we track your success or failure, quite frankly, through that program? The 8(a) program is a 9-year business development program where we have requirements and, quite frankly, statutory requirements to be able to track certain metrics with respect to income and employment, et cetera.    With the HUBZone program, as we move into SBA One, one of the things that we could be discussing on the Hill, quite frankly, is statutory authority to collect some of the metrics around number of employees, revenues, growth, et cetera, that then we can track a firm through their years in the program and be able to report back, much like we do or should do.    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you, ma'am. I appreciate the question.    I think when we talk about obviously the number of resources or how many resources the HUBZone or, quite frankly, the SBA or my office, Government Contracting and Business Development, has, I think we always have--any Federal manager would argue that I may need more people to be able to get my job done. I think one of the things we have attempted to do is do our job smarter with systems and with technology. And so that is the direction we have moved forward in with respect to SBA One.    And with respect to making sure firms are aware of the program and take advantage of the program, I think that is where, or at least in my opinion, that is where we need to double down on our outreach and education. So we have the Destination HUB then, that we have done over 15 events across the country. And one of the unique pieces of Destination HUB--and if we have not done one in New York, we need to do one--is that we actually sit down with local economic development folks and encourage them to use the HUBZone program as an economic development tool, another tool in their toolkit or tool belt. And so I think it is the question of obviously I think every agency has a requirement in this environment to find ways to tighten their belt, but it is how do we leverage our resource partners, our Small Business Development Centers, our Women's Business Centers? How do we leverage our stakeholders, like the HUBZone Council and other partners, in making sure that the word gets out and training is done efficiently and effectively? With respect to number of employees that may or may not require, I think there would have to be a much more significant analysis with respect to what that number would be.    Mr. SHORAKA. So we use various obviously third-party sources of data to ensure ownership, residency, et cetera. And there is various documentation that can be used to document principal office residence, like leases or ownership documents, et cetera, as well as corporate structures, ownership, and control. I think, again, one of the challenges that we want to make sure we balance is if we wanted to eliminate all risk in the program, we could turn off the spigot and accept no applications and we would not have any risk at all, but that is not what we want. We want to make sure that the program serves the intended recipients. And quite frankly, 99.9 percent of the program applicants are good actors. Unfortunately, we have .01 percent of people who are bad actors and will always continue to be bad actors. But one of the things that I think is critical is that we manage towards the good actors with risk-based analysis, as Mr. Shear has pointed to, to make sure that we do have backup to analyze the risk to the Federal Government with respect, again, to where the risks exist. The risk exists when the Federal Government is giving contracts to these small businesses.    One last thing that I will point to is that with respect to the program and casting a broader net, we have done analysis that documents using the current formulas. That net is significantly smaller than the net was when the program was established. So I think that is another discussion that we have to have jointly with respect to what the intent of the program is. If we look at the analysis of when the program was put in place, the net that was cast is significantly broader than those formulas cast today.    Mr. SHORAKA. With bad actors. I think there are always going to be bad actors.    Mr. SHORAKA. I think when you talk about, right, but when you talk about $96 billion into the hands of small businesses every year, and I am not sure what the GAO report, the exact numbers, but I know the numbers sound big, and obviously we want to address fraud when it is waste and abuse, but when you talk about $10 million as opposed to $96 billion into the hands of small businesses, that is a very small fraction.