    Mr. Gruenberg. Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on the work of the Financial Stability Oversight Council. The financial crisis that began in 2007 exposed a number of serious vulnerabilities in the U.S. financial system.    While some risks affecting individual products and institutions have been recognized, neither the financial markets nor the regulatory community was able to see the whole picture. The FSOC was established in 2010 by the Dodd-Frank Act to address this gap in the regulatory framework. Its key functions are to facilitate information sharing among its member agencies, to identify and respond to emerging risks to financial stability, and to promote market discipline.    The FSOC is also responsible for designating non-bank systemically important financial institutions for heightened supervision by the Federal Reserve. We now have the benefit of five FSOC annual reports, which together outline the key systemic risks facing the financial system and how they have evolved over time.    The first report, published in 2011, described a still fragile financial system recovering slowly from the deepest financial crisis since the Depression. In contrast, the most recent report describes a more stable but still recovering economy, and broad-based improvement in most financial markets and market participants.    Three areas of risk which the FSOC has been following closely and which are of particular consequence to the FDIC are interest rate risk, credit risk, and cyber-security, which are expanded upon in my written statement.    As previously noted, the Dodd-Frank Act also authorizes the FSOC to designate a non-bank financial company if the FSOC determines that material financial distress at the company or the nature, scope, size, scale, concentration, interconnectednees or mix of activities of the company could pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States.    FSOC policies and procedures were crafted to ensure an exchange of information throughout the designation process. As the process has evolved, opportunities for additional transparency both within the operations and the designation process were identified by the FSOC and in comments by external parties. As a result, the FSOC undertook several initiatives over the past year-and-a-half to improve both transparency and engagement with financial companies. These steps are outlined in my written statement.    Mr. Chairman, that concludes my oral statement, and I will be glad to respond to questions.    Ms. Waters. Let me just go on to Mr. Gruenberg on another matter. In the Dodd-Frank Act, Congress recognized that our banking regulators failed to engage in regulatory oversight of large banks leading up to the crisis.    As such, we put in place enhanced prudential standards that set forth the basic requirements for a bank to be well-run--capital resolution; risk management; and liquidity, among other factors--at the same time the deliberative process in Congress led to an exemption from these requirements for banks below $50 billion in assets.    Congress also directed the Fed to tailor certain regulations for large regional banks based on size, as well as provided the Fed with the option to exempt certain banks above $50 billion from certain requirements. Both in committee and through potential riders to funding bills, Congress is now contemplating legislative proposals that would undo this important work.    These proposals would, instead, rely on the Financial Stability Oversight Council to affirmatively designate banks for enhanced prudential standards for all but the very largest global mega-banks.    Chairman Gruenberg, do you think that such proposals would be ill-advised? What did the 2008 financial crisis teach us about how the failure of one or more large regional banks could harm our financial system? And in terms of bank resolution, which failure during crisis era was the most costly for the FDIC's deposit insurance fund?    Mr. Gruenberg. To answer the question you raised at the end, the most costly failure to the FDIC during the crisis was the failure of IndyMac, which was a thrift institution with assets of about $30 billion that ultimately cost the deposit insurance fund over $12 billion, which is the most significant loss during this crisis, and I believe in the history of the     And it does show the importance of having a prudential framework for larger institutions relating to capital and liquidity and other standards, and to respond to the first part of your question, as a general matter, I think the framework in place is a reasonable one. It generally gives discretion to the agencies to tailor the prudential standards to the size and complexity of the institution. And I generally think that is an appropriate approach.    Ms. Waters. Let me just ask you this, so it can be reiterated. Has the Federal Reserve begun tailoring enhanced prudential standards for banks above $50 billion with increased stringency based on bank size? Would you just kind of continue on that?    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, Congresswoman. I believe--I wouldn't want to speak for the Fed. But just as an observer, I believe the Fed has done that, generally focused the enhanced prudential standards on the larger institutions above $250 billion, and has tailored standards for those below.    Ms. Waters. All right. Can more be done in this regard without reopening Dodd-Frank to potentially negative consequences?    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes. I do think that as we progress in this process, this is a focus for all of the agencies to ensure our regulations are appropriate to the size and complexity of the institutions.    Ms. Waters. So, basically what you are telling us is there has been no resistance to FSOC taking a close look at what can be done and using its discretion to make sure that they not only honor Dodd-Frank but they have the flexibility to make modifications where necessary?    Mr. Gruenberg. I agree with that, Congresswoman.    Mr. Gruenberg. I certainly do, Congressman. Just a couple of points, if I may.    Mr. Gruenberg. From the FDIC, as it happens as a matter of statue, three of the members of our board are statutory members of the FSOC. So a majority of our board are represented. And I certainly have the greatest trust in our other Directors. I would note that I share with our other Directors all of the information available to the FSOC.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think it is a matter of the--it is a matter for the entire FSOC, it is a matter of functionality in terms of the number of--    Mr. Gruenberg. Neither, Congressman. For what it is worth--    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, Congresswoman. As you know, as a statutory matter, the Council is required to re-evaluate a designation annually.    Mr. Gruenberg. Just to respond to your question, Congressman, I think the focus of the Federal procedures was to try to enhance engagement and transparency for the stage two process. So it provided notice to the firm that it could advance from stage one to stage two, an opportunity for the firm to engage with the FSOC staff.    It requested the public information that the FSOC was using as part of that stage two review, as well as notice if a firm is not advanced from stage two to stage three. And if a firm is advanced from stage two to stage three, it would be notified of that and then a set of procedures for engagement with stage three.    So it was an effort to provide both greater insight for the firm in terms of notice and greater opportunity to engage with the FSOC.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes. I think the procedures make clear that as part of the annual evaluation process, a company can submit information, engage with the staff in terms of the information being presented, and get feedback in regard to the process. And the procedures provide an assurance of a hearing with the FSOC at least every 5 years.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, I think the analogy here is one of our regulatory agencies considering action with regard to a particular institution. That is what FSOC is doing.    Mr. Gruenberg. So, two points. One, if we are dealing with confidential, supervisory information which would probably be an applicable standard here in the FSOC. That is generally not shared. Although upon congressional request, as we have in other instances, Congress gets the information it requests.    Mr. Gruenberg. I do understand. I think that would sort of be the--    Mr. Gruenberg. I think Congress has the right to request.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think if you accept the premise we are dealing with confidential supervisory--    Mr. Gruenberg. Thank you, Congresswoman. I think the view was that would--the impact, the failure the firm would have in a stressed environment would be the most realistic scenario to try to assess this systemic consequence of the firm. And I think it was very much a product, certainly of the 2008 crisis experience.    And I think we looked to the experience in other crises in trying to make these assessments. But I think that was the threshold judgment.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, if I may say, you raise a fair question. I think I probably want to go back and look at the request. It seems to me the line here is when you are dealing with confidential supervisory information or dealing with the three companies you referenced. They are open institutions. So you have to strike a balance there--    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. No.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, I agree with Comptroller Curry. I think the core issue here is, the margin is posted with the CCP, but in addition, the CCP is asking the intermediary bank for a guarantee. And the potential loss from the derivative exposure could substantially exceed the margin that is posted with the CCP.    That is why the guarantee is imposed and the capital is really designed to protect the bank against the downside risk from that derivative exposure.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, I am similarly sympathetic to the concept, the core concept being that if a smaller institution is very strongly capitalized on the leverage ratio--that is the 10 percent that you referenced--and does it engage in high-risk activities, it would be eligible to reduce or compliance with risk-based capital standards. I think that core concept really makes some sense and I think that is certainly is an issue for Congress to consider.    And I think as part of our regulatory review process, within the framework of our capital rules, that may be something that we might be able to consider on a regulatory basis.    Mr. Gruenberg. I am--let me say I am open to pursuing that approach.    Mr. Gruenberg. Just to make the point for what it is worth and--    Mr. Gruenberg. The regional banks generally are individually not systemic. I would point out that as was mentioned earlier the most expensive bank failure during this crisis and in the history of the FDIC was a $12 billion loss caused by the failure of IndyMac, which was a $30 billion thrift. So a regional institution can have its--a failure of one or more regional institutions can have a significant consequence--    Mr. Gruenberg. As you know, Congressman, one of the consequences of--is a requirement of submitting a resolution plan. And we certainly for the smaller institutions have--    Mr. Gruenberg. No.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, I will just mention we also have an extensive program as required by law to support minority depository institutions. The FDIC also has an advisory committee on economic inclusion where one of the things we focused on is asset building for low- and moderate-income families. And certainly the mortgage crisis, as you well know, had a disproportionate impact on the minority households and African-American households.    Mr. Gruenberg. The annual FSOC report outlines a series of systemic risks to focus on, interestingly, in this report, the leaderess--that it cites is cybersecurity and the potential consequence, vulnerabilities relating to cybersecurity could have for the functioning of the financial system.    And that certainly has been a focus of discussion and attention by the FSOC. And I frankly think for each of our agencies individually.    I would also reference--    Mr. Gruenberg. I note the Congress is considering legislation to facilitate information sharing, which I think is one of the critical issues in terms of being prepared to deal with a cyber incident.    So I think there is a significant role for the Congress, and certainly for the--all the agencies at this panel working among the regulatory agencies, as well as with the law enforcement and national security communities. It is really going to require--    Mr. Gruenberg. If I may say, Congressman, I do think community banks have been a focus of enormous attention by the bank regulators who have responsibility for it.    Mr. Gruenberg. As you know, community banks play a critical role in the financial system. We have shown at FDIC studies that community banks account today for about 14 percent of the banking assets, and hold about 45 percent of all the loans to small businesses and farms by all banks in the United States. So the role they play is really quite critical.    I do think that is to be distinguished from whether they pose, in and of themselves, a threat to the financial system that would warrant the FSOC's attention, or they are critical to the financial system certainly can be impacted significantly by systemic risk, as we saw in this recent crisis. They themselves are not a source of systemic risk. And where they are the focus, are by the bank regulatory agencies.    And we, as you know, have been conducting a review, as we are required by law, of the regulations we have imposed over the past 10 years, have held outreach meetings across the country, are seeking public comment. And I am hopeful we will be able to come out with a series of regulatory measures that will be helpful in terms of reducing the cost of regulatory--    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, as was discussed earlier, the FSOC established a process for a SIFI designation pursuant to a rulemaking and public notice and comment. Actually, I think the rulemaking went through three series of public comments.    And the first stage of the process, as I am sure you know, is a set of metrics, a set of thresholds through which an institution would pass.    And I must say there is a very high set of thresholds which would, almost by definition, be limited to some of the largest or most interlinked companies in the financial system. And that is something that is--any company can calculate in terms of projecting what the impact might be. And anyway, I will stop here.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think the unsecured debt requirement is an important component of efforts to make these systemic companies able to fail in an orderly way without putting the taxpayer at risk, Congressman. The experience is that when a financial institution fails, all of its capital, all of its equity, is wiped out.    The only thing that remains is the debt held by the firm, which is then available on a closed-institution basis, after the institution fails, to be converted to capital, so that the private creditors of the failed company bear the losses for managing the failure of the institution.    And as it turns out, most of the large financial companies in the United States, most of our G-SIFIs, have substantial amounts of unsecured debt.    The rule that the Federal Reserve has proposed would ensure that they maintain a minimum amount. So if they get into difficulty, they can fail, and it is the private creditors, and not taxpayers, that are on the hook. And so for that reason, I think the proposal has merit.