    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Chairman, and thank you again for calling this very important hearing. Welcome to our witnesses.    As we all know, the framework is a colossal retreat from the previous internationally agreed upon benchmarks designed to deny nuclear weapons capability to Iran. For example, U.N. Resolution 1929--to suspend all uranium enrichment--we now know that the framework would allow over 5,000 centrifuges and only limits research and development with advanced centrifuges--full cooperation of the IAEA inspectors, say the U.N. Security Council resolutions.    The framework, we now know, and the statements that have come out of high-ranking people from the ayatollah to Rouhani to high members of the military establishment, military sites are going to be completely off limits.    I mean, that is a deal breaker in and of itself. And then refrain from any activity related to ballistic missiles--U.N. Security Council resolutions, ballistic missiles aren't even on the table, which is a gross missing element in this entire thing.    Let me just ask a couple of questions. I met and talked to Zarif personally about the missing Americans and said if you want to show things had changed in Iran allow human rights to be respected in Iran for your own people but also for Saeed Abedini, Levinson, Hekmati, and Rezaian.    And I have had two hearings myself on Saeed Abedini and they are still being held. That is unbelievable. You know, even when Reagan walked away from Reykjavik in 1986 we had a robust, on the United States side, discussion with Gorbachev with lists of Soviet Jewish refuseniks and other human rights.    It was always on the table. I had Andrew Natsios, who is a leader of an NGO for a pro-human rights for North Korean NGO--and he said the delinking of human rights with North Korea was a major blunder on the part of the Clinton administration and it should have been. We got nothing on the nuclear side. If you can't treat your people well, why should we respect your word when it comes to something so existential as a nuclear bomb.    So my question is, is this a Pyrrhic victory? Are we on the threshold of a Pyrrhic victory when it comes to nuclear agreements? I think your Faustian bargain, Secretary Rademaker, was very well put. Does the Senate have the ability to deem this a treaty and treat it as such?    I looked into this and studied extensively, you know, the State Department has eight criteria--very vague--that they have asserted to call this an executive agreement. It seems to me that is all too cute because, obviously, the threshold of stopping it is reversed.    You only need one-third plus one to stop a treaty and even what Senator Corker has done, which was an outstanding effort, given our limited abilities, it seems, you know, he needs two-thirds to get it passed.    But why a treaty versus an executive agreement? Let me also ask you if you could--similarities with the North Korea deal, you know, how many do they have. I remember the hearings in this room because I have been here a long time, 35 years, when some of the administration people from the Clinton administration were bragging how they were going to have an onsite inspection and it was going to be, like, 6 months down the road.    And I said, are you kidding me--you think in 6 months you will see anything? If they have it, it will be moved somewhere else.    And even the IAEA, in their report in February, they could not conclude there was no nuclear weapons-related activities taking place in the country due to lack of access, to documents, materiel, and personnel. I mean, there are no confidence builders coming from the Iranians.    We are fools, in my opinion, to suggest that this is going to be a deal that they will live up to, especially with the verification protocols so egregiously flawed.    So if you could speak to that, Mr. Rademaker.    Mr. Smith. Could you add one last thing? If the Iranians procure a weapon from another state--they are very close to North Korea and we know there is cooperation going on--what does that do to the deal?