    Mr. Weill. Chairwoman Walorski, Ranking Member McGovern, Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify this afternoon. I am Jim Weill. I am President of the Food Research and Action Center, commonly known as FRAC. For 45 years FRAC has worked to implement and strengthen SNAP and other nutrition and anti-poverty programs in order to reduce hunger and improve nutrition and well-being. My written testimony details the very extensive body of evidence that already shows how successful SNAP is in reducing hunger, malnutrition, and poverty, and improving child and adult health, and other outcomes. And it points out that these outcomes would be at deep risk if the program were weakened, or subjected to demonstration projects based on misconceptions or stereotypes.    The key purposes of SNAP, defined in the statute, are to address hunger among low-income households that suffer from limited purchasing power, to assist those households in obtaining a more nutritious diet, to bolster normal channels of trade, and to strengthen the agricultural economy. The first set of research findings, summarized in my written testimony, is that SNAP is fulfilling these core purposes, and in particular it boosts food purchasing power for needy Americans, and thereby reduces significantly the prevalence of food insecurity and malnutrition. By doing so, the research shows, SNAP produces important positive effects on health, on mental health, on child development, on employability, and on other desirable outcomes. The positive impacts on child health are particularly notable, and those effects can be long lasting. For example, a recent compelling report says that the exposure to SNAP in utero, or in early childhood, reduces the incidence of metabolic syndrome in adulthood, and reduces obesity, hypertension, diabetes, and heart disease.    SNAP and its impacts, moreover, reach a very broad and diverse population of rural, urban, and suburban people in need: 70 percent of recipients live in households with minor children, 11 percent in households with seniors, 18 percent in households with people with disabilities. Many beneficiaries are struggling veterans. And in many ways the program has become a work support program. When the adults in the household are not seniors, or persons with disabilities, they typically are working, albeit at low wages, or are very recently unemployed. Among SNAP households with at least one working age adult not receiving disability benefits, more than \1/2\ have a member who works while receiving SNAP, and more than 80 percent work either in the year prior or the year after receiving SNAP. These rates are even higher for SNAP households with children. And, as we have learned most profoundly in the Great Recession, SNAP is very responsive to national or local economic downturns.    SNAP not only reduces hunger, it alleviates poverty and supports family economic stability. According to one new analysis, SNAP lifted ten million people above the poverty line in 2012. Exposure to SNAP in early childhood increases women's economic self-sufficiency, with greater high school graduation rates, higher earnings, and lower rates of welfare received in adulthood.    There is one serious SNAP shortcoming, and that is its inadequate benefit levels. But the nation has just run a large natural experiment with more adequate SNAP benefits, and the early research shows that it worked. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act began an increase in benefits in April 2009, a boost that was cut off in late 2013. While it was in effect, research shows, the boost reduced food insecurity and improved the health of young children. But there needs to be more extensive research on the impact of the boost on food insecurity and health. It is disconcerting how little interest there has been about this in the research community.    And finally I will just summarize quickly some examples from my written testimony of recent policy changes, Federal and state, that should be evaluated for their impact on hunger and on SNAP's effectiveness. Last year's farm bill created pilots to provide incentives for SNAP consumers' purchases of fruit and vegetables. As Mr. Baron indicated, the farm bill also created a substantial demonstration project for ten states' innovative employment and training strategies. The improvements made last year in the Federal child care program also should be evaluated to see if more work--supporting child care will lead to higher rates of food security, as well as less joblessness; and the President's proposal to help states streamline SNAP processes for seniors could provide evidence of ways to improve the far too low senior SNAP participation rate, and thereby lower their food insecurity and health costs. And last, as more states adopt higher state minimum wages, while the Federal minimum wage and other states are lagging behind, that provides a natural opportunity to examine the evidence that higher minimum wages can be a significant solution to food insecurity, and also bring down SNAP participation rates.    So, in conclusion, SNAP is fundamentally sound and successful. There are ways to make it even better. Indeed, there is already a body of research on this that I haven't been able to do full justice to today, but I hope the Subcommittee will explore that existing body of research, and where it leads, further.    Mr. Weill. Thank you, Congresswoman. Washington has one of the strongest SNAP E&T programs in the country. It has done a much better job than most other states. There are a number of attributes. The most important one, in some ways, is that there is really strong coordination with other agencies, with community colleges, with nonprofits, and other state agencies. And also the state has used the available Federal money. We are talking about work demonstrations here, and we have all talked about the ten state pilots, but the fact is that there are large streams of Federal money that a lot of states, unlike Washington, aren't really using. Most of the Federal E&T discretionary money is used by five states. So we need more states to follow the examples of states like Washington that have done a good job.    Not all the evidence in the world has to be from randomized control trials. As Dr. Sullivan's written testimony indicated, there are good workarounds for a lot of these research problems. The problem then is getting states to pick up on what is proven research. And the evidence that the states are good at picking up on what is proven is not itself overwhelming.    Mr. Weill. As my written evidence suggests in more detail, we know that SNAP reduces food insecurity, both among children and adults, and it does that by increasing their purchasing power. So it is accomplishing that goal. As Mr. McGovern suggests, it could do more if benefits were more adequate, but it is certainly achieving the goal to a significant degree that is important to the society.    Also, since all SNAP benefits run through grocery stores, big box stores, farmers' markets, it is doing that through normal means of commerce, and it is a boost to the agriculture economy. So it is meeting its statutory goals, and doing so in a very effective way.    Mr. Weill. Well, there are a lot of state choices and state activities that some states do and other states don't that get in the way of eligibility and benefits. Just as one example, some states use the very outdated, very low basic assets test, which keeps, particularly, seniors, but also working families, out of the program. But a lot of other states have chosen the option to do away with, or substantially raise that asset test. One important question that could be looked at is the impact of the asset tests on keeping working families and others out of the program, reducing participation, and hurting food security.    There are state choices on income levels, on certification periods (how long people can be in the program before they have to go through difficult bureaucratic means to get re-certified for a second period). A bunch of options that vary from state to state that are natural experiments to research what is most effective and what isn't.    Mr. Weill. Yes, that is correct.    Mr. Weill. The very, very large majority of adults on the program are people with disabilities, are seniors, and are working parents.    Mr. Weill. I don't know off the top of my head what percentage of the SNAP budget goes to households with working age adults who aren't disabled, but I can tell you that significantly more than the majority of those adults who aren't disabled on SNAP are currently working, but they are working at very low wages, and possibly only part time, because they would like to work full time but can't. Or they have worked very recently, and they are now unemployed for 2 or 4 months, and they are receiving SNAP during relatively short periods of unemployment.    In some ways the public view of most able-bodied adult SNAP recipients as people who haven't worked for very long periods of time is very inaccurate. The number of people who aren't currently working and are on SNAP, compared to those who are working at low wages, or who were working recently, or who will be going back to work soon, the number of people who fall in that category is relatively small.    Mr. Weill. There are, but it is a large program. There are a lot of people in that category, but it is a small proportion.    Mr. Weill. So I am not a researcher, but I would disagree a little bit with Dr. Sullivan. I think there are workarounds for randomized control experiments that can be done in the SNAP Program to show how effectively or not effectively the program is reaching people in your county. And those would include determining the proportion of the estimated eligible people in the county who are actually participating, as compared to surrounding counties.    It would include looking at data--when people apply for benefits, most people are really desperate; they have just lost jobs, lost other sources of income--on how quickly people get into the program, which can be done through administrative data. I know some counties in California are very slow in processing applications. Also, looking at the quality of the employment and training program in the county, and other aspects of discretionary county decisions and policies in the county, and comparing them not just to other states, but to surrounding counties in California. And I will be glad to provide your staff with data sources as to how to get that in your county.