    Mr. Haley. Chairman Roe, Ranking Member, members of the Subcommittee, and thank you for the opportunity to testify.    My name is Jack Haley. I am an executive vice president at Fidelity Investments. I oversee a team of investment professionals dedicated to helping employer clients and their workers access a wide variety of high-quality investment products and services to meet their investing needs.    At Fidelity we have the privilege of helping more than 25 million people save for their financial goals and serving more than 14,000 workplace clients, including 8,000 small businesses who offer retirement savings benefits to their workers.    From our roots as a small mutual fund company, Fidelity has grown into a diversified financial services leader. Fidelity takes seriously the responsibility of helping employers set up and offer competitive retirement savings plans.    I appreciate the opportunity to share our experiences helping small businesses and express our concerns about the Labor Department's proposal.    First, I want to answer a call from the Department of Labor by stating directly up front Fidelity acts in the best interests of its clients and investors. We support a best interest fiduciary standard, but the details matter.    We are proud of the services, products, and choices we provide our customers, but we fear that this proposed regulation will severely restrict our ability to continue providing this assistance to small-business workers.    While the framework of the proposal would theoretically allow service models to remain when acting in the best interests of customers, its so-called best-interest contract exemption contains so many problematic conditions that the rule is unworkable as drafted. Labor's proposal effectively prohibits access to affordable financial help, even when it is in the interests of the investor.    We believe a balanced approach where savers can be protected by the best-interest standard and continue to have access and choice in their retirement products, services, and providers.    We look forward to continuing to work with the members of Congress and the administration to ensure that this balance is reached.    Small businesses remain the lifeblood of our economy. These hardworking entrepreneurs and businesspeople bring significant expertise and passion to their work. We see their desire to offer competitive, high-quality retirement savings benefits to attract and keep a highly skilled workforce.    Not surprisingly, with all they have to do to manage their businesses, there is little time, expertise, or desire to manage their retirement savings plans. That is why small businesses turn to us. We provide a range of critical services, from helping companies understand and select the right savings vehicles, to providing all of the critical functions to keep a plan running smoothly, including record keeping, compliance testing and reporting, selection and ongoing monitoring of investment, and, most importantly, education and guidance for their employees.    Unfortunately, the DOL proposal would specifically prohibit service providers from assisting small businesses. The result would have a devastating impact on retirement coverage and savings for millions of workers employed by small businesses across the country.    I reiterate, we support a best-interest fiduciary standard, but without exemptive relief from ERISA's strict rules Fidelity would be prohibited from providing critical services to small-business clients, even when we provide help that is in their best interest.    Just as important as our small-business services is the critical education and guidance we provide to their employees. The proposed rule jeopardizes many of the ordinary, everyday conversations we have with job changers, even if the conversation is merely educational where we do not discuss investments or advice.    We are also able to help workers prepare for retirement by discussing potential product and service offerings with them. The proposal would require workers to sign a contract before a conversation would even occur. Each customer would have to have a contract with each of our phone reps, which number in the thousands, in order to get answers to basic questions.    In addition to this new contract, the rules also include burdensome, confusing disclosure requirements that do not actually disclose potential conflicts. These requirements are not in anyone's best interests and must be addressed.    These are just a few examples of the critical services we provide to small businesses and employees and how the proposal would harm the very people the rule intends to protect.    We believe a balanced approach providing investors with fiduciary best-interest protections, retaining existing service models, is achievable.    We look forward to working with you to make the necessary changes to allow individual retirement savers and businesses offering retirement plans to have choice and access to the products and services they need.    Let me close by stating unequivocally that we support a best-interest fiduciary standard crafted in a way that allows workers choice and access to the services they need and desire.    Thank you, and I am happy to take questions.    Mr. Haley. That is correct.    Mr. Haley. Yes.    Mr. Haley. I am not aware of that. We have had conversations with them in response to their proposed regulations.    Mr. Haley. And we are waiting to hear what their response is.    Mr. Haley. Well, the first thing is the exemptive relief under the BICE does not apply to small businesses. So if you think about Fidelity, how do we serve small businesses? Number one, we have over 8,000 small businesses with less than $100 million in assets or less than 100 employees.    Today when that 401(k) comes to us, they give us a request for a proposal. They are looking for the lowest fees. They are also looking for a prototypical document.    We do that. They ask us, what type of investments would you like, you know, in the portfolio? We are an open-architecture firm, so when you think about it, one of our divisions is Fidelity's Funds Network. That is the largest mutual funds supermarket in the world. We have $1.4 trillion on our platform of non-Fidelity assets. So I am not conflicted. We give them a lineup.    I actually like to tell the story. I am the largest distributor of Pimco's mutual funds, okay? In addition to being--