    Ms. Rosenworcel. Good morning, Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, and members of the committee. Thank you for having me here today. And let me add my best wishes to the chorus for Ray Baum.    Last week I had the privilege of speaking in Austin, Texas at South by Southwest. It is a festival for the connected, a place to get a glimpse of the future. From virtual reality to robotics, it is all there on the streets of Austin.    Last week I also spent time in California in a rural farming community in the Coachella Valley. It is a place where most roads lead to fields but where broadband has not made its way to most households.    Now, I can say with confidence I am probably the only person who was in both of those communities last week. But as dissimilar as they seem, they have something in common. They both know that future lies in connectivity. They both know that access to modern communications is no longer a luxury. It is where we create. It is where we innovate. It is a necessity for full participation in civic and commercial life.    Now expanding this access is front and center at the FCC. We will shortly begin work on the world's first spectrum incentive auction. We will have work to do to repack our nation's broadcasters. We are updated our universal service policies and we are exploring spectrum frontiers for 5G wireless service.    But I want to focus on two things we can do right now that will make a difference for the least connected and most-connected among us. We can make more space for Wi-Fi and we can help bridge the Homework Gap.    First up, Wi-Fi. The 2.4 gigahertz band, where Wi-Fi makes its primary home is getting mighty crowded. The demand for 5 gigahertz Wi-Fi is also growing. So, before we overwhelm Wi-Fi as we know it, we need more efforts to secure more unlicensed spectrum. There is no shortage of reasons why this is a good idea. Wi-Fi democratizes internet access. It helps wireless carriers manage their networks through the offloading of traffic and it encourages permissionless innovation, just like what I saw all last week on the streets of Austin. And it is responsible for more than $140 billion in economic activity every year.    But historically, the legislative process has overlooked the value of unlicensed spectrum because it gets low marks in the scoring process at the Congressional Budget Office. Yet, this accounting misses the mark. It is outdated because the broader benefits of unlicensed spectrum to the economy are so great. So in any effort to increase the licensed spectrum pipeline, we need to explore a cut for unlicensed. Call it the Wi-Fi dividend.    And right now at the FCC, we have a golden opportunity for a Wi-Fi dividend in the upper portion of the 5 gigahertz band. We have a consensus framework for testing this band for unlicensed use, while also protecting incumbent efforts to use it for vehicle safety. So, we need to work now with our colleagues at the Department of Transportation and the Department of Commerce and get this testing underway.    We also have unlicensed opportunities in the guard bands in the 600 megahertz band and millimeter wave spectrum at 64 to 71 gigahertz. We need to seize all of them.    Second, I want to talk about another issue that matters for the future of connectivity and that is the Homework Gap. Today, roughly seven in ten teachers assign homework that requires access to the internet but FCC data suggests that as many as one in three households in this country do not subscribe to broadband service. So, think about those numbers and where they overlap. That is what I call the Homework Gap.    So, if you were a student in a household without broadband, just getting homework done is hard. Applying for a scholarship is challenging. And while some students may have access to a smartphone, let me submit to you that a phone is just not how you want to research and type a paper, apply for jobs, or further your education.    That is why the Homework Gap is the cruelest part of our new digital divide. But it is within our power to bridge it and more Wi-Fi can help. In fact, in Coachella Valley, where I was last week, they are using Wi-Fi on school buses and turning ride time into connected time for homework. But more can be done. And modernizing a Lifeline program to support online access in households with school-aged children is critical. And I think the sooner we act, the sooner we bridge this gap and give more students a fair shot at 21st century success.    Thank you.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Thank you, Congressman Pallone. So, I have been in your district just after Hurricane Sandy and now I can say I have been there just before Snowstorm Jonas. So, I know that Mother Nature's wrath visits the New Jersey coastline with some frequency.    And I think that developing a smart city that is a resilient city on the coast is a terrific idea and my hope is that by preparing for the worst, we can take those best practices from New Jersey and export them all around the country.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Well, thank you. I have not found that our existing policies get in the way of me having substantive conversations with stakeholders of every stripe.    I am a little bit confused by the difficulties that my colleagues are having. I know that they, too, held regular meetings with public interest authorities, industry, and have general discussions about the matters before us. I am sure that every one of us here uses those discussions to inform our deliberations and our decision-making and voting.    Ms. Rosenworcel. I believe we have the right to go back and forth and discuss any matter that is before the agency.    Ms. Rosenworcel. I don't believe we are.    Ms. Rosenworcel. I believe that is under our Commission's rules right now.    Ms. Rosenworcel. I think that we can do more so that our discussions are transparent but I also think it is essential that we preserve the right to have deliberations among the five of us and actually review the text and discuss the text among all of us.    So, I think we should strive to be more transparent but I think we have to preserve some space for honest deliberation.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Thank you for the question. Yes, I do and I agree with your assessment that while wireless networks require wired infrastructure as well.    Ms. Rosenworcel. No, I went to Salt Lick.    Ms. Rosenworcel. As the chairman alluded to, we did address autodialer capacity in the summer of 2015, in our most recent decision under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.    But if I could make one point, it would be a plea. This is a law from 1991 and one of the challenges that the agency has right now is we are taking all sorts of technologies that did not exist in the early 1990s and trying to figure out how to fit them into this old law. We are, as a result, struggling with more robocalls for consumers and more challenging lawsuits for companies that never intended to be on the wrong side of the consumers they are calling.