    Ms. Ranieri. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and Members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to be here today.    For those of you who aren't familiar with my organization, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, or EFF, we are a nonprofit organization dedicated to protecting consumer interests, innovation and free expression in the digital world. As part of that work, we regularly advocate for reform of the patent system in courts, Congress, and at the Patent and Trademark Office. EFF is greatly encouraged by Congress' interest in the important issue of deceptive and abuse patent rule demand letters, and its impact on consumers and small businesses.    EFF is one of the few nonprofit legal services organizations that small businesses and innovators can turn to in order to get help when faced with a patent troll demand letter. Unfortunately, we cannot help everyone, and more importantly, because of a lack of meaningful, manageable legal options, we are too often unable to help push back against those who use deceptive patent demand letters in order to extract money from their victims.    The problem of abusive patent rule demand letters is a result of a perfect storm of circumstances. Patent owners sending these letters use vague and overbroad patents that likely never should have issued, in order to confuse and obfuscate. Patent owners rely on the eye-popping cost of litigation in order to intimidate, and patent owners take advantage of their victims' relative lack of experience with technology and the legal system to ensure improper claims of infringement go unchallenged. For example, in 2011, a company known as Eclipse IP sent demand letters to various retailers alleging infringement of patents on tracking packages through the use of UPS tracking. Eclipse demanded licenses in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. Seeing their customers being targeted, UPS filed a declaratory judgment of non-infringement and invalidity, but before the court could address whether Eclipse's claims of infringement had merit, Eclipse filed what is known as a covenant not to sue. In doing so, Eclipse ensured that its patent rights would not actually be litigated, that is, they did everything in their power to stop the court from deciding the merits of its claims. Eclipse apparently merely wanted to extract settlements from its victims, despite assertions in its demand letter that it would engage in litigation if its licensing demands were not met. Since 2011, Eclipse has sued over 100 companies and presumably sent letters to countless others.    Letters and actions like Eclipse's are all too common. Other letters employ tactics such as not mentioning licenses that likely exhaust patent rights, or use complex and vague nonsense terms from the patent in order to make infringement claims that would never have been apparent to someone reading the patent. Dealing with even the most frivolous of letters takes time and money away from what small businesses should be doing, which is growing their business and creating jobs.    I could tell many more stories, but most demand letters never see the light of day. Recipients of letters from patent trolls are often afraid of speaking out, and no wonder, by speaking out, they worry they would become an even bigger target and subject to even larger demands they cannot afford. Patent trolls use this fact to hide their practices from scrutiny and from lawmakers and the public.    Deceptive and unfair patent troll demand letters must be addressed, but it is important to address them in a way that makes sense. Specifically, Congress should not limit the ability of State attorneys general to protect their citizens, whether that be through State laws addressing abusive demand letters, or through their own little FTC acts. State AGs are often the closest to the problem, and in the best position to address deceptive practices targeted at their citizens. Second, Congress should allow for flexibility in the law. Overly rigid rules regarding what constitutes bad faith will allow patent trolls to comply with the letter of the law but not the spirit. As a lawyer, I can assure you that we are enterprising people. If there is a loophole to be found, we will find it. Flexibility is key to ensuring patent trolls don't find new ways to deceive their targets.    Finally, in order to protect technology end users such as retailers and tracking--such as retailers implementing tracking technology, or the coffee shop offering Wi-Fi, Congress should mandate disclosure requirements. Through these disclosure requirements, Congress can better understand the scope of the problem, and agencies such as the PTO, the FTC, and nonprofit organizations such as EFF, can better target those practices and those patents that are being abused.    Addressing the deceptive patent troll demand letter problem is an important piece of broader patent reform. In tandem with other measures, we can limit the ability of patent holders to use patents that never should have been issued, to extort undeserved money from those who just want to pursue their livelihoods.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Ranieri. The Electronic Frontier Foundation, as a digital civil rights and civil liberties organization, is a strong believer in the First Amendment. At the same time, I would like to echo what Professor Gugliuzza, apologies, said, that I believe the Federal circuit has narrowly ruled in a way that is inconsistent with precedent and the law, and I believe its ruling about what constitutes bad faith is overly narrow.    There is room within the Constitution to regulate bad faith behavior, as well as respecting First Amendment rights. I would echo Professor Gugliuzza's statements that the courts are very good at determining what bad faith is, and I think we should leave it to them and also to agencies who are used to seeing bad faith behavior to figure out what exactly the contours of that is.    Ms. Ranieri. Thank you. That is a good question. One of the most important reasons that this Government should not preempt State patent troll demand letter laws is that people who receive these letters often don't know who to turn to, and the first person they often turn to are the State AGs and the State agencies. And they are often the first line of defense for people to protect themselves. The State AGs have the most experience with what their citizens are receiving, and they are in the best position to see new developments in the patent troll demand letters, and to see the new deceptive practices as they arise, and legislate against that type of activity.    Ms. Ranieri. None that I am aware of.    Ms. Ranieri. I think it is for the similar reasons that I just mentioned, and also that Professor Gugliuzza also mentioned. State AGs have resources that the FTC might not have. The FTC might only have the ability to go after the worst actors, but that doesn't mean that there are others that are abusing the system. And State AGs provide a secondary line of defense in order to go after those who are targeting particular citizens in those States.    Ms. Ranieri. It may, and I think that is a definite concern that this committee should have. Importantly, this sort of regulating unfair and deceptive practices is usually considered to be an equitable sort of action. Courts are very good at fashioning under-equitable remedies; the type of remedy that is appropriate given the circumstance. And it may, if absent, more punitive consequences to patent hold demand letters, they may just shift their activities, seeing no actual consequence to their bad activities.    Ms. Ranieri. Thank you. The extent of the problem isn't known, but I can tell you as a legal services lawyer, I receive about one call a week. And to be clear, these are the people that have managed to find us. There are so many more people out there that don't realize that they should be contacting people like--or--and organizations like EFF. So unfortunately, the full scope of the problem isn't clear, but to be clear, it is a problem.    The type of activity that we have seen is, for example, one of the patent trolls that we are looking at right now has accused people of using maps as infringing their intellectual property. This patent troll has gotten licenses, it appears, from litigations that they filed and settled, which usually, in patent litigation that means a settlement has occurred, has gotten licenses from everybody down the spectrum from handset carriers to the cell phone companies, to the makers of applications, and now they are targeting even smaller parties in the play--in the space. We believe that these patent rights have been fully exhausted, but because of the cost of litigation, the cost of figuring out whether those patent rights have been exhausted, these trolls can continue to be able to assert patent infringement with essentially impunity.    So the problem is large, and we believe it requires action, and we also believe that it needs the disclosure requirements so we can understand the true scope of its effect on our innovation economy.    Ms. Ranieri. The large number of letters that we have seen targeted at end users are from patent trolls. I have yet to see letters that don't come from patent trolls. They may exist, but I have not yet seen one. And, sorry----    Ms. Ranieri. What options. Unfortunately, there aren't many right now. The cost of litigation for a small business of under $10 million in revenue, the cost of litigation through trial is over $1 million. When that means that employees might have to be laid off, and research and development can't happen, this is the cost to the patent troll--or to the alleged infringer, sorry. And unfortunately, as a lawyer, what ends up happening is that if someone comes to us, oftentimes we can only advise them to settle because it just is not possible, given the current available options, to actually fight back and show that they aren't violating anyone's rights.    Ms. Ranieri. Sure. So on a whole to our economy, it is estimated to cost in the billions of dollars, and those are often tangible costs. And intangible costs are things such as time----    Ms. Ranieri . And stress, taken away--or--and taking people away from growing their business. The options that are currently available to those receiving demand letters, those who are end users who are implementing technology made by others, if they have connections with the companies that make these products that are accused of infringement, sometimes they can get help through the companies. That--I--like in the example that I mentioned before, UPS stepped up to protect its customers, and that was a great thing for UPS to do. Unfortunately, for many of these companies, they don't have the connections to do that. They don't have the resources and the knowledge to know that that is something that they should try to do. And oftentimes, there are no other viable options.    Even filing an inter partes review at the Patent Office, which we commend these new procedures and we encourage them, even to get in the door, not even lawyer fees, which, as a lawyer, and I am sure many of you are lawyers----    Ms. Ranieri . We know are extremely expensive, filing an inter partes review is over $20,000. That is the salary of a worker, that is money that could go in towards building a business. Many businesses just simply do not have this money.    Ms. Ranieri. I would agree with Professor Gugliuzza, and I understand your question to be how do we allow for legitimate letters and still legislate against the bad faith letters. And I think what is important to know is that those who are sending legitimate letters, they include the patent numbers in their letters where possible. They will include why they believe someone is infringing, and they will include information so as to allow the parties to really understand the scope of the claims, and why there is a claim of infringement or why the patent is not invalid. This is the activity that patent--bad faith patent demand letters don't include. And so I would agree with Professor Gugliuzza that there is a long line of cases that see this distinction and make the distinction, and I don't think legitimate patent holders should be concerned about any legislation against bad faith letters.    Ms. Ranieri. I hesitate to give a complete list of factors, and the reason is this. Oftentimes what we see as--when letters are shown to us is that it is not one statement in isolation that is a problem, it is the totality of the letter that makes clear that the patent holder has not done an investigation, is trying to extract money. For example, references to the extreme cost of litigation, and I have seen letters with actual links to tables showing the recipient how much money they can receive.    Litigation does cost a lot of money, that is true, but it is the fact that they put these statements in there, along with a--other vaguely threatening language that together be--makes us recognize a bad faith letter. So I hesitate to say these certain things make a bad faith letter, it is oftentimes when we see it all together that we can tell that this is not being set--sent for legitimate purposes.    Ms. Ranieri. So as I mentioned, EFF is a digital civil rights and civil liberties organization, and the First Amendment is very important to us. At the same time, I don't believe that the Noerr-Pennington doctrine extends as far as the Federal circuit would have it, and in fact, this recent Supreme Court decisions just won last year, the legal underpinnings of the Federal circuit's decision applying the Noerr-Pennington doctrine to the demand letters was recently questioned in another case on a related issue, and I believe there is room within the First Amendment, respecting First Amendment rights, to allow for regulation of demand letters.    To be clear, what we think the First Amendment does is it makes sure that legitimate patent holders can enforce--can send demand letters, but what it doesn't protect is bad faith assertions, false statements, that are within the demand letter.    Ms. Ranieri. I think what actually could happen is that Congress could leave open the definition of bad faith, and courts themselves will narrowly tailor it to make sure that it is consistent with the First Amendment.    Ms. Ranieri. I would agree, and I would also like to add that, although we are in the patent context, and Ms. Self raised the issue of it might be difficult for patent owners to be able to comply with a patchwork of laws. To be clear, States have long had different laws when it comes to consumer protection, and companies have had no problems with complying with all those laws. And we don't think that the patent context needs to change--or--that, and companies still can comply with all the laws. We think if some--if a patent owner wants to purposefully avail himself of sending a letter to a State, they can comply with the laws, and look up the laws and make sure that their letter is appropriate.    Ms. Ranieri. So let me give an example. What we see in the Bay Area is a lot of people who are developing new technologies, and, for example, apps on a smartphone. These innovators, they want to bring a new product to the market, they are very excited. They come out and they bring the--bring it to market and hopefully it becomes successful. What then happens is later, they will receive a demand letter or a filing of a litigation claiming that they infringe on patent rights. These innovators have not seen these patents before. These are not cases of copying others' ideas, this is a    case--these are cases of innovators who independently created works and brought them to market, and tried to grow their business, and once they become successful, become targets of patent trolls. And this is the cost to our economy. It is people who are independently creating, independently innovating, that then get targeted by those who have created nothing, and instead, wait for someone else to do the hard work of developing products, testing, marketing, things like that. And not only is the financial cost significant, the settlement demands are extreme, but also it takes away time and energy from actually growing the business. Instead, it directs it towards stress, gathering documents, and although this might be good for the lawyers, it is not good for the companies.    Ms. Ranieri. We have. Actually, there was a case very recently. Someone contacted us and they were being sued by a patent troll, and the patent was on placing photos from sports events online, and allowing someone to search those sports events for their bid number in order to order a picture. And there is actually a patent on that. And it was a small, four-person business, and he was extremely scared that he was going to have to lay off employees in order to fight back. He chose to fight back, but in doing so, he spent a significant amount of resources, and eventually this patent was actually invalidated, but the amount of money and time and stress that that took was significant.    Ms. Ranieri. So I can't--I don't know his particular case, but having been in private practice, the amount--what I saw happen in his case, I would estimate anywhere from $200,000 to $250,000.    Ms. Ranieri. To be frank, it--we can't figure that out right now. Patent trolls take advantage of the fact that this occurs in the shadows, and that is why we at EFF think it is really important to have--to implement disclosure requirements so we can understand the true scope of the problem, and the effect that it is having on our economy.    Ms. Ranieri. I just wanted to add that EFF is--our constituency are the small innovator and inventors, and unfortunately, as Mr. Malta said, this is a starting point, the deceptive letter practices, but our position is until we get better patents issuing out of the patent office, and until we stop the flow of patents that should never be issued, we cannot solve this problem. And that is why broader reform is needed. Once patents become more--sorry, once patents that issue out of the patent office can actually be looked at and seen as actual inventions, this will make it much easier and clearer to solve all of these problems.    Ms. Ranieri. That is a good question, and I think that is where the courts and the attorneys general, and the FTC and other agencies like the FTC come into play. They can recognize these activities. And as I mentioned, at its base, these laws are meant to target unfair and deceptive trade practices, and these are activities that States have a lot of competency with, in that they see them a lot in different industries, and they can apply the knowledge that they have learned in those industries to this context.    Patents are involved, yes, so that changes it slightly, but at the base, the types of deceptive and unfair practices often span many different industries.