    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Despite efforts to try to minimize the significance of this spill, the facts cannot be ignored that 3 million gallons of acidic, heavy metal-laden water were released into the Animas River. This was not because of an accident; it was because of mistakes made by the EPA, mistakes caused by neglect because of a culture of arrogance, where the EPA assumes they can operate outside the rules and regulations that others must adhere to.    Quite simply, the EPA did not have those responsible charged with the education and professional experience, licensure, and continuing education required to do this job properly to safeguard life, health, and property, and to promote general welfare.    Administrator McCarthy, we cannot put this water back in the hole, but I hope we can hold everyone accountable who negligently let it out.    Along with that, I hope you will make procedural changes, taking competence out of the equation, and prevent future spills. Under current procedures and practices, I have concern in your ability to safeguard the public's interest.    Administrator McCarthy, do you believe that the activities conducted at the Gold King site would require engineering design work?    Mr. Westerman. Maybe I can help you out. Colorado defines the practice of engineering as the ``performance for others of any professional service or creative work requiring engineering education, training, and experience, and the application of special knowledge in the mathematical and engineering sciences to such professional services or creative work including consultation, investigation, evaluation, planning, design, and the observation of construction to evaluate compliance with plans and specifications in connection with the utilization of the forces, energies, and materials of nature, and the development, production, and functioning of engineering processes, apparatus, machines, equipment facilities, structures and buildings, works, or utilities, or any combination or aggregations thereof employed in or devoted to public or private enterprises or uses.''    Again, I will ask you. Do you agree activities conducted at the Gold King site would require engineering design work?    Mr. Westerman. So, you are saying you cannot----    Mr. Westerman. You do not have the expertise to determine whether professional services were required there; but you did say in your earlier testimony that the on-site coordinator had significant mine engineering experience. And you did say that engineering expertise----    Mr. Westerman . Went into preparing this work plan.    Mr. Westerman. Colorado law also further goes on to say that it requires that ``only a professional engineer may practice engineering, and that all engineering documents, plats, and reports issued in connection with engineering work performed must bear the seal and signature of a Colorado-licensed professional engineer who is in responsible charge of, and directly responsible for, the engineering work.''    Did a professional engineer design or stamp drawings or the plan for the work being conducted at the Gold King site which resulted in the blowout?    Mr. Westerman. I would think that, if an engineer did that, if you contracted those services, or if you had someone on staff to do that, that you would have those documents with you, and say, ``We followed the procedures that were outlined by a competent professional in charge of this.'' So far, all I have heard is that you had a project coordinator overseeing work at this site. Who is this person?    Mr. Westerman. Do you know what their credentials are?    Mr. Westerman. Well, public input and professional expertise are not the same thing. This is a serious matter that you should have had a professional design person in charge of, to stamp these plans or drawings or whatever it was that you had----    Mr. Westerman. In looking at data, you have 15,326 employees in the EPA as of March 2015. In Region 8, you have 642. Across the country, you only have 12 civil engineers on staff. You have two geologists and one civil engineer working in Region 8.    Mr. Westerman. I think this is unacceptable, and I think you are at fault for not having the required design professional in charge of this work.    The Chairman. See what happens when you have an engineer on the panel? Ms. Lujan Grisham, you snuck in right on time. You are recognized for 5 minutes.