    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the following article be entered into the record. It responds to this Pinocchio claim about the letter that was sent by Dave Camp 10 days before Lois Lerner's hard-drive crash.    Mr. DeSantis. And you submitted an--I think you signed your affidavit on July 17, 2014?    Mr. DeSantis. And then it was filed in the district court on July 18, 2014.    So, in between July 4 and the time you executed that affidavit, you were in contact with attorneys for the Department of Justice?    Mr. DeSantis. And did they ask you about the status of the backup tapes?    Mr. DeSantis. So did you update them that there were backup tapes filed and that you were going to look into pulling emails off those tapes?    Mr. DeSantis. So you just knew you had the backup tapes?    Mr. DeSantis. OK.    And you discussed the case with Joseph Sergi at the DOJ? Is that the attorney you worked with?    Mr. DeSantis. OK.    So they filed a pleading in that case, and I think it bears the Committee to followup on that, because I'm not sure some of the representations made by the Department of Justice--well, they're certainly not consistent with the facts as we know now, but I don't know that they are consistent with the facts as they would have known at the time. So I think that that bears investigation, and I think that the Committee needs to look into it.    This is really, really frustrating me. And this has been going on now for almost 2 years--almost 2 years. And you have somebody who's held in contempt--oh, let me ask just really quickly.    I noticed on this brief that the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, Ron Machen, was listed of counsel. Have you had any interactions with U.S. Attorney Machen in this case?    Mr. DeSantis. OK.    And so Lois Lerner is held in contempt. Statutes say when you're held in contempt of Congress, you're going to a grand jury at the District of Columbia in Federal district court. Nothing's happened. Nothing's happened at all. That's coming up on almost a year here in a couple of months.    And so we have a situation where I think the IRS has figured they can systematically try to thwart our efforts and there's just not going to be any consequences. And I think that needs to be change. I think the Congress needs to stand up on behalf of the American people for the truth, and I don't think we can allow this to continue to go on the way it has.    And I yield back.