    Mr. Ozment. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today.    Like you, my fellow panelists, and countless Americans, I am deeply concerned about the recent compromise at OPM. I am personally dedicated to ensuring that we take all necessary steps to protect our Federal workforce and to drive forward the cybersecurity of the entire Federal Government.    Director Archuleta and my written statement both spoke to the facts of the OPM incident, so I want to focus my remarks on how DHS is accelerating our efforts to protect the Federal Government.    This morning I will discuss how the Department of Homeland Security is protecting civilians, Federal agencies, and helping those agencies better protect themselves.    Under legislation passed by this Congress last year, Federal agencies are responsible for their own cybersecurity. However, DHS provides a common baseline of security across the civilian government and helps agencies better manage their cyber risks through four key efforts. First, we protect agencies by providing a common set of capabilities through the EINSTEIN and Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation, or CDM, programs. Second, we measure and motivate agencies to implement best practices; third, we serve as a hub for information sharing. Finally, we provide incident response assistance when agencies suffer a cyber intrusion.    I will focus this morning on the first area, how DHS provides a baseline of security across the Federal Government through EINSTEIN and CDM. I have described the other three areas in my written statement and am happy to take your questions on them.    Our first line of defense against cyber threats is the EINSTEIN system, which protects agencies at the perimeter. A useful analogy is that of a physical government facility. In this analogy with the physical world, EINSTEIN 1 is similar to a camera at the entrance to the facility that records the traffic coming and going, and identifies anomalies in the number of cars.    EINSTEIN 2 adds the ability to detect suspicious cars based upon a watch list and to alert security personnel when a prohibited vehicle is identified. EINSTEIN 2 does not stop cars, but it does set off an alarm.    EINSTEIN 1 and 2 are fully deployed in screening approximately 90 percent of all Federal civilian traffic, all of the traffic that goes through trusted Internet connections.    The latest phase of the program, known as EINSTEIN 3A, is akin to a guard post at the highway that leads to multiple government facilities. EINSTEIN 3A uses classified information to look at the cars and compare them with a classified watch list. It then actively blocks prohibited cars from entering the facility.    We are accelerating our efforts to protect all civilian agencies with EINSTEIN 3A. The system now covers 15 Federal civilian agencies, with over 930,000 Federal personnel, which is approximately 45 percent of the civilian government, and those are protected with at least one of two security countermeasures. That is about double the coverage we had just nine months ago.    During this time, EINSTEIN 3A has blocked over 550,000 attempts to access potentially malicious Web sites, which is one of our two countermeasures. EINSTEIN played a key role in identifying the recent compromise of OPM data at the Department of Interior.    As we accelerate EINSTEIN deployment, we also recognize that security cannot be achieved through only one type of tool. EINSTEIN will never be able to block every threat. For example, it must be complemented with systems and tools to monitor inside agency networks. Our CDM program addresses this challenge.    Returning to our analogy of a government facility, CDM Phase 1 allows agencies to continuously check building locks and security cameras to ensure they are operated as intended. Continuing the analogy, the next two phases will monitor personnel in the facility to ensure they are not engaged in unauthorized activity, and it will assess activity across the facility to detect unusual patterns.    We have provided CDM Phase 1 capabilities to eight agencies, covering over 50 percent of the Federal Government, and we expect to cover 97 percent of the Government by the end of this fiscal year.    Now, the deadlines I have just told you are when DHS will provide a given capability. It will take a few additional months for agencies to fully implement their side of both EINSTEIN and CDM once they are available. And, of course, agencies must supplement EINSTEIN and CDM with additional tools appropriate to their needs.    I would like to conclude by noting that Federal agencies are a rich target and will continue to experience frequent attempted intrusions. This problem is not unique to the government. As our detection methods continue to improve, we will in fact detect more incidents, incidents that are already occurring and we just didn't know it yet.    The recent breach of OPM is emblematic of this trend, as OPM was able to detect the intrusion by implementing cybersecurity best practices recommended by DHS. We are facing a major challenge in protecting our most sensitive information against sophisticated, well resourced, and persistent adversaries.    Further, the entire Nation is now making up for 20 years of under-investment in our Nation's cybersecurity in both the public and private sectors. In response, we in the government are accelerating the deployment of the tools we have and are bringing cutting-edge capabilities online, and we are asking our partner agencies and Congress to take action and work with us to strengthen the cybersecurity of Federal agencies.    Thank you again for the opportunity to appear today, and I look forward to any questions.    Mr. Ozment. Ranking member, I am going to have to defer that question to the intelligence community, who will be a participant in our classified briefing this afternoon at 1:00.    Mr. Ozment. I think to speak to whether or not this was a spying effort, we would have to talk to any understanding of who the adversaries were and what their intent was, and I think that is a conversation better reserved for a couple of hours from now.    Mr. Ozment. Thank you, Representative. I would defer that question to the classified briefing.    Mr. Ozment. But what I would say, if you are willing, is that----    Mr. Ozment. I can't speak to whether any adversaries have gone after specific private sector companies.    Mr. Ozment. Thank you, Representative.    That is an important distinction and one that we spend a lot of our investigative time examining. For the personnel records, the approximately 4.2 million records, the incident response team, led by DHS but with interagency partners, has concluded with a high probability that that data was exfiltrated, meaning that it was removed from the network by the adversary who took it. And we are continuing to investigate the information related----    Mr. Ozment. Sir, I share your deep concern about the loss of this information and agree that that is a terrible outcome.    Mr. Ozment. Absolutely. As a Federal employee whose information is itself a part of this database, I feel----    Mr. Ozment. That is correct, sir.    What I would tell you on this is that EINSTEIN was critical in this incident. As OPM implemented their new security measures and detected the breach----    Mr. Ozment. EINSTEIN 1 and 2 have been in place at OPM. EINSTEIN 3 is not yet available for OPM.    Mr. Ozment. It did not detect the breach that OPM caught on their own networks, because just as the cyber threat information sharing legislation we are focused on acknowledges, you first have to have the threat information. EINSTEIN 1, once we had that threat information, we used EINSTEIN 1 and 2 to detect a separate breach that we were then able to work.    Mr. Ozment. I would note that if an adversary has the credentials of a user on the network, then they can access data even if it is encrypted, just as the users on the network have to access data, and that did occur in this case, so encryption in this instance would not have protected this data.    Mr. Ozment. EINSTEIN is absolutely a necessary, but not sufficient, tool for protecting department and agency networks. As Mr. Scott has noted several times, we need a defense in depth strategy. We are supplementing EINSTEIN with continuous diagnostics and mitigations at the agencies, and we are also looking with EINSTEIN at taking what is currently a signature focus system and adding capabilities to let it detect previously unknown intrusions.    But as you do that you also receive more false positives. In other words, you receive more indications that an intrusion occurred even if it did not occur. So we have to do that carefully so we are not overwhelmed by essentially bad data.    Mr. Ozment. EINSTEIN 3A will be a step forward. It uses classified information and is modeled on a similar Department of Defense program. It is still a signature-based program, but it will rely upon classified information obtained from the intelligence community to help us detect adversaries and block them.    Mr. Ozment. That is correct. Again, no single system here will solve this problem.    Mr. Ozment. I can't speak to the web page you are referring to, but I can say that we have been very consistent and I have been very consistent in all my interactions with Congress to highlight that we do need to a defense-in-depth strategy and that no one tool will solve all of our problems.    Mr. Ozment. We will look into that and get back to you, sir, and make updates as necessary.    Mr. Ozment. Representative, DHS, for its own contract, as one example, has been working to build in additional cybersecurity requirements. I would also point you to the FedRAMP effort, government-wide effort to establish a baseline of cybersecurity requirements for cloud contractors to the Government.    Mr. Ozment. Representative, OPM, once they implemented their security measure and discovered this breach, gave us the indicators of compromise immediately and we loaded it into EINSTEIN immediately. That is, we loaded it into EINSTEIN 2 to both detect and we looked back through history to see if any other traffic back in time had indicated a similar compromise. That is how we found an intrusion into OPM related to this incident that led to our discovery of the breach of the personal records.    We also put it into EINSTEIN 3 so that agencies covered by EINSTEIN 3 would be protected against a similar activity moving forward. And then we held a call with all the Federal CIOs and disseminated these indicators to them and asked them to search their networks for these indicators.    Mr. Ozment. That has been done.    Mr. Ozment. Sir, that is a question that we will discuss in the hearing this afternoon.    Mr. Ozment. Again, sir, we are going to defer discussion on that until the classified briefing in a few minutes.    Mr. Ozment. Representative, we have a joint interagency team led by DHS, with participation by the FBI and National Security Agency, who have worked with OPM and the Department of Interior on this incident. They have accessed that they have fully removed the adversary from these networks, but it is extremely difficult to have 100 percent certainty in these cases.    Mr. Ozment. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ozment. Sir, I think that the impact and such are questions better suited for the classified briefing we are about to have.