    Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Thank you, Attorney General, for being here with us today and for all of your time.    As you are no doubt aware, in 2012 voters in my home State of Washington passed Initiative 502, which legalized the sale, consumption, and taxation of marijuana products. Including Washington, 23 States and the District of Columbia have legalized some form of marijuana, and in 2016 several more States are expected to consider marijuana legislation on ballot initiatives. Washington has already collected over $80 million in tax revenue from sales. And since the passage of Initiative 502, court filings in Washington for low-level marijuana offenses have dropped by 98 percent, saving the State millions of dollars in enforcement and in judicial expenses.    As you also may know, there are a wide variety of marijuana reform measures that have been introduced in Congress. And there is still the ongoing concerns about the conflict between State and Federal law in many areas, particularly in banking, for example, and they range from legalization to rescheduling.    And a bill that I recently introduced, the SMART Enforcement Act, my bill would give you, the Attorney General, the authority to waive the Controlled Substances Act for States that are effectively regulating marijuana themselves, such as Washington State. So it authorizes a waiver from the Controlled Substances Act for States that meet requirements preventing the distribution of marijuana to minors, violence or use of firearms in cultivation and distribution of marijuana, and drug driving.    And I want to thank your team for answering many questions that my office had as we were in the drafting process. I wanted to hear from you your thoughts on this type of legislation and this approach to reform and about how the enforcement priorities that were outlined in the Cole memo have been working.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Congresswoman, for the question. And we're happy to provide information and assistance as needed by your staff as you review this important issue.    Certainly the factors that have been outlined in the Cole memo and that have been stressed in further discussions with the U.S. attorney community remain consistent. Our concerns are the areas that you mentioned. Where a State chooses to have a legalized marijuana structure, we will review that structure and look at that, but our concern is, frankly, marijuana getting into the hands of minors and also being trafficked out of State where a State may have not made the same choice.    We also have grave concerns about the areas of the edible products that are so appealing to children and expose them to this product, which I don't believe is the goal of the regime that you're talking about, but is a concern of ours. We're also concerned as well about the violence that is still associated with the higher levels of the marijuana trafficking industry.    And so at the Federal level we are focusing our resources on that type of enforcement action and we continue to do so. In my former office, we prosecuted cases involving importation of large amounts of marijuana, utilizing an Indian reservation on the Canadian border, and also utilizing organized crime connections.    So we certainly still have a robust practice. Again, we focus limited Federal resources on those types of cases.    Ms. DelBene. But we know that we have States like ours that have challenges, banking in particular, because they're still, even while there may not be active activity against States who have legalized, we still have situations where banks are not able to serve these types of businesses because of the conflict between State and Federal law.    My legislation would allow you to issue waivers to States that meet and provide an effective regulatory regime, and these would be 3-year waivers so that you're able to give those States a waiver from the Controlled Substances Act and establish the requirements they were going to meet. Is that a type of legislation that you think would help address the issues that we have between Federal law and State law today?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, we're certainly happy to review any proposal that you think would be helpful and to provide comment on that. I'd have to look further at that proposal before I could respond.    Ms. DelBene. It's a bill we've introduced and we work to get feedback from your office too. So I'd welcome any feedback there.    I also just wanted to ask quickly, you talked about creating a new cybersecurity unit within the Criminal Division, and I wanted to ask exactly what made you decide to do that and what are the goals of that particular new unit.    Attorney General Lynch. That is within our Computer Crime unit. We have a Cybersecurity Unit focusing on computer intrusions, computer hacking, and the sophisticated types of computer activity that hackers, many of whom are based overseas, are using to infiltrate our computer systems.    The types of activity that we are looking at involve not just the wholesale theft of private information, which can be so challenging at a very basic level of identity theft, but also the theft of personal information such as healthcare information, which raises significant privacy concerns, and also intellectual property.    We find that private industry is being targeted, particularly our financial services are being targeted at an increasing level by cyber intruders who are seeking to essentially take advantage of American technology and ingenuity and siphon it overseas for production there without the benefit of the work that we put into it. As I indicated in response to Mr. Chairman's question, that recent estimates indicate that approximately up to $250 billion worth a year worth of our intellectual property is being lost to us through that.    This is a grave concern, as all of us seek to make sure that our economy is as strong as possible, that we get the benefit of American ingenuity and American technology and that we protect what are protected secrets. Many of these, many of the matters that are being stolen are not only sensitive but very, very unique to particular industries and important to the growth of particular discrete industries. We felt that we needed to increase the resources to this because the problem is increasing.    In addition, however, it is working very, very well. And one way in which it's working very well is through our connections to private industry. We, along with the FBI and the Secret Service, have made extensive contacts and discussions with private industry, general counsel, CEOs, CIOs, about cybersecurity and the need to share information about breaches when they occur.    We are also ramping up within the Federal Government our own efforts to provide information to companies when we determine that they've been the subject of a breach or a hack. We are working to reduce our response time to get information to them as quickly as possible so they can also begin protecting their data and protecting their information. So it's been a very positive effort.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you. I yield back.