    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First, Mr. Bruno, congratulations for an outstanding record of success. Jeff Bezos, founder of Blue Origin and Amazon, said, quote, ``ULA has put a satellite into orbit almost every month for the past 8 years. They are the most reliable launch provider in history. And their record of success is astonishing,'' unquote. I am proud that ULA is headquartered in Colorado. I am fully confident ULA will remain very competitive in the future. You enjoyed an exclusive contract because of your competence. But I want to ask you what exactly can Congress do to ensure that across the board we have created an environment that promotes innovation while not unfairly tipping the playing field towards or away from any potential provider.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you.    Mr. Thornburg, congratulations on the successful certification of Falcon 9. In March, Ms. Shotwell testified in this committee that you have DCAA auditors doing manufacturing audits right now, and your cost and your rates have been audited. Was that testimony correct? And can you briefly describe the frequency and extent of the DCAA audits that SpaceX undergoes and the number of DCAA personnel resident at SpaceX facilities?    Mr. Coffman. I would really appreciate if you could get that back to us for the record.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Coffman. Mr. Chairman, I have one question.    Mr. Meyerson from Blue Origin and Mr. Thornburg from SpaceX, has a large methane rocket engine ever been built and flown in space? And why is this? And what are the advantages and the challenges of building this type of engine?    Mr. Coffman. Mr. Thornburg.    Mr. Coffman. Would anyone else like to comment on that?    Mr. Coffman. Anyone else comment? Yes.    Mr. Coffman. Yes, Mr. Thornburg.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, General Hyten, everyone appears to be in unanimous agreement on two points: first, that competition is good since it provides cost savings and resiliency; and, two, that we need to eventually transition off the Russian RD-180 engine.    I am very concerned we haven't rationally thought through that process and the timelines. In other areas of national defense, we would never consider phasing out a capability until we had confidence in a follow-on--for example, F-35 will be ready to fight before phasing out the F-16. You know, as a combat veteran, I would never advocate for the phase-out of one weapon system until I was confident the follow-on system is operationally ready to support the mission. In this space launch arena, we are anxious to phase out the RD-180 engine without full confidence that a robust capability is ready to replace it.    What is the Department doing to ensure there is no gap in assured access to space between the time the Atlas and Deltas are phased out and the follow-on Vulcan and Falcon Heavy become operational?    General Hyten. So, Congressman, I agree with your overall assessment. It is the first rule of wing-walking; you don't let go with one hand until you got firm hold of the next hand. And I am concerned we are about to let go of one before we have a firm hold on the next. So I think it is very important that we logically transition off these capabilities.    I think the efforts that General Greaves and the acquisition community have come up with to reach out to industry broadly to come up with a competitive strategy that looks at that, to use different acquisition authorities to allow them to go as fast as the acquisition process will allow them to go has been exactly the right thing to do.    But I still am concerned, is that if he does everything exactly according to plan and we get an engine by 2019, we still can't let go of the wing. And that is why the Department has come back to you and requested the ability to continue to have RD-180s for that transition period, whatever that is. And I agree with that request.    Mr. Coffman. General Hyten, if the supply of RD-180s were cut to less than 14 engines, what would be the practical result?    General Hyten. There are two possible practical results. Practical result number one is that ULA can no longer be competitive in a competitive market, and, therefore, they decide that they can't compete and we move into another monopoly.    The other is that the government, because of the assured access to space requirement, decides that that can't be allowed to stand, and, therefore, for the transition period we decide to pay the premium and fly the Delta IV at a price point that will be significantly higher and pay the difference with the taxpayers' dollars.    Mr. Coffman. Okay.    General Hyten, what is the Department doing--and, Lieutenant General Greaves, you might want to comment on this too--what is the Department doing to ensure you are not replacing a, quote/unquote, sole source provider with a different, quote/unquote, sole source provider?    General Hyten. Well, I think the whole approach that we are taking is to figure out how to develop the rocket propulsion system that will be available for the capabilities that we need in the future. We are going down that path so we can have that new rocket. Whether it is Vulcan with the Atlas V upper stage, or whether it is the Atlas first stage with the other pieces, we are going down that path.    And we have a much healthier industrial base now. SpaceX is certified for an element of the capabilities now, so we have SpaceX that is out there. So we have capabilities out there if we can take advantage of all of those systems, and that is what our approach is trying to do.    General Greaves. Congressman Coffman, we initiated this in earnest last August with a request for information from industry, and we have been working with them very, very closely. And the rocket propulsion system effort that is ongoing now, step two, as we refer to it, the goal is to, based on what we gathered from industry on their capabilities across the board, to end up with an initial four potential candidates and then whittle it down to two.    So we are ensuring, based on the capability within the Nation, that we will preserve assured access to space.    Mr. Coffman. Assistant Secretary McFarland, would you like to comment further?    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.