    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Jewell, thanks for being here. There are two things that the American people want from Federal agencies. They want accountability and they want transparency. So let's look at those two things.    On accountability, has anyone at any agency been fired for this environmental disaster?    Mr. Lamborn. OK. Has any Federal agency been fined for this environmental disaster?    Mr. Lamborn. So much for accountability, let's talk about transparency.    The water pressure at the nearby Red and Bonita Mine was tested prior to work being conducted, but not at the Gold King Mine. Why did your report fail to address EPA's decision to proceed on work at the Gold King Mine without testing the pressure like they did at the Red and Bonita Mine?    Mr. Lamborn. Exactly. Why wasn't it done? That is my point, why didn't the report go into that?    Mr. Lamborn. OK. You say in the abstract it should have been done. Why didn't it get to the bottom of why the EPA did not do that.    Mr. Lamborn. Who made the mistake? Who didn't call for it?    Mr. Lamborn. OK, OK. Let me talk about a related issue. One of your peer reviewers, an expert employed by the Army Corps of Engineers, protested that the DOI report, your report, failed to explain the decisions that led to the disaster.    He further stated that, ``The report should describe what happened internal within EPA that resulted in the path forward and eventually caused the failure.'' Why didn't the report state what went wrong with the EPA?    Mr. Lamborn. OK, let's go right there. So, you are letting the EPA get off scot-free, it sounds like. They are not being held accountable, and there is definitely not even a lot of transparency. But, when you want to hold someone accountable, you throw a state agency under the bus.    DOI claims that in the hours leading up to the blowout, two DRMS--that is the Colorado agency--employees visited the site to view conditions and were in agreement with the EPA on continuing excavating. Two DRMS employees did go there, but they said there was no such agreement; and they wrote the EPA, saying that was the case. There was no such agreement. They were only there to consult with the EPA about future underground mine work at the Gold King Mine. It had nothing to do with excavation taking place by EPA and/or its contractor that morning. No one at DRMS directed any work at Gold King Mine, nor did any DRMS personnel approve or disapprove any of the work that EPA was conducting there.    So, you say that you are not finding blame, but you certainly seem to be able to find a way to blame a state agency, which was just kind of an innocent bystander. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Lamborn. Well, I don't see conspiracy, I see shifting blame to other people. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mrs. Dingell.