    Ms. Clark. Thank you, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee, for the opportunity to testify before you today on the cost of disasters. My name is Sallie Clark, and I am a county commissioner from El Paso County, Colorado, and also serve as the president of National Association of Counties, which represents all of America's 3,069 county governments.    Although all parts of Government play a role in disasters, counties often serve as the first line of defense when a disaster strikes, and are responsible to help our communities recover in the aftermath. Whether it is our emergency managers or sheriffs or 911 call centers, county hospitals, or public health departments, or the fact that we own the majority of our Nation's infrastructure, like roads, bridges, and airports, Federal policy decisions regarding disasters have a major impact on counties.    My county is no stranger to disasters, and the topic of this hearing is personal for me. Over the past several years, El Paso County and our surrounding areas have been devastated by a series of wildfires and flash floods that have upended our residents' lives, strained our local economy, and caused enough damage to prompt four Presidential disaster declarations over a 3-year period.    Our county, which long ago inspired Katharine Lee Bates to write the famous hymn, ``America the Beautiful,'' is now home to charred, barren hillsides. And the vegetation that once protected the area from stormwater runoff has disappeared, paving the way for dangerous flash floods.    But we have been working diligently to help our community recover and become more resilient in the future. Today I respectfully submit three principles for your consideration, as you continue to discuss Federal disaster spending.    First, Federal disaster spending should be viewed in the context of corresponding spending by State and local governments and the capacity of each level to fund disaster recovery efforts. Thousands of disasters strike our Nation each year, and the vast majority of long-term recovery costs are carried on the backs of State and local governments.    According to NACo's analysis of FEMA data, over the last 10 years 92 percent of counties across the Nation had at least one FEMA-declared disaster. And according to materials published by FEMA, the number of disasters successfully handled without request for Federal assistance is estimated at 3,500 to 3,700 annually, while only about 35 disasters per year received major declarations triggering Federal assistance between 1953 and 2014.    Furthermore, it is important to consider the respective fiscal capacity of Federal, State, and local governments when assessing contributions to our Nation's recovery from disasters. County governments in more than 40 States operate under restrictive revenue constraints imposed by State policies, including caps on property taxation that limit counties' ability to raise additional funds in the face of rising disaster costs. Local governments spend significantly on disasters. And changes to Federal disaster spending should not be assessed without consideration of this.    Second, decreases in Federal disaster spending should not come at the expense of State and local governments. The ultimate result of shifting Federal disaster costs to State and local governments will further deplete resources available for proactive disaster mitigation and resiliency work, resulting in even costlier disasters in the future.    FEMA's disaster deductible proposal presents some serious challenges for local governments. For example, El Paso County has spent many millions of dollars on mitigation projects in the last several years, as we have worked to recover from the wildfires and flash floods that have ravaged our community, including loss of life. But under the disaster deductible proposal, if the State of Colorado fails to sufficiently invest in mitigation efforts, public assistance funds could be withheld from our county at times when we are in most need of Federal assistance.    In this way we could be punished because of the inaction of an entity over which we have no control, despite our best efforts in mitigation. And this is just one of the many issues with this proposal that thus far have not been sufficiently addressed.    Because of this, FEMA has not given local governments confidence that a disaster deductible could be implemented without the significant risk that it would simply shift disaster costs from the Federal Government to State and local governments.    And finally, local disaster mitigation efforts bring down the overall cost of disasters, and should be supported by the Federal Government. Counties are uniquely positioned to implement mitigation efforts through our regulatory authorities and convening powers. Collaboration with the Federal Government helps counties better utilize our authorities and resources to mitigate the damage caused by disasters, increasing community resiliency, and decreasing impact and cost of future disasters for all levels of Government.    FEMA's Hazard Mitigation Grant Program and the other Federal programs enable counties to undertake large mitigation projects that may otherwise be out of their reach and have tremendous potential to drive down the cost of disasters for all levels of Government.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee, I want to thank you again for inviting the local perspective on this important conversation. And I would welcome any questions.    Ms. Clark. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yes, we have, obviously, had--and I don't know what fair share is, but we have had more than our fair share of disasters in El Paso County, Colorado. What I would like to talk about specifically is the things that I think we can do from the standpoint of local community resiliency.    And I think that what tends to happen--and it happens at the local level, at the State level, and particularly at the Federal level, is we have silos built up between agencies. The fire that happened in Waldo Canyon was almost more than 95 percent on Federal forest land. That pre-mitigation needs to happen from the Federal level, because that is Forest Service, and the Forest Service is now spending more than 50 percent of its budget on--frankly, on responding to wildfires, versus pre-mitigating ahead of time. We have no control over that at the local level.    What we do have control over is working with fire-adapted communities, community wildfire protection plans, and providing incentives, as some have said up here, which is very important, but for individuals to be able to mitigate ahead of time, to provide firewise communities.    I was just up in, actually Crystal Park, which is a one-way-in, one-way-out community built up on the mountainside. And they have taken steps to do that. And some of those programs that help them buy fire equipment to be prepared locally, to take that ability to look at, from a personal standpoint, to be able to provide that mitigation, will be helpful. We tend to be really--you know, when we look at an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure, doing that pre-mitigation ahead of time.    I also think it is important to note that we have--when there is a disaster--and I have a small business, when the fire happened I lost thousands of dollars of reservations, and then we have this rolling disaster that keeps happening--to try and make sure that those that may not live in wildland interface areas, where the drainage all comes down into a small community, to be able to look at the fact that that mitigation immediately following the fire will provide the resiliency to slow down the debris and the large flash floods that happen as a result. And it is hard to understand, if you are not from Colorado, because--if you are not from a Western State that has those drainages that drain right down into it.    So I think tearing down the silos, understanding there is an impact on small business and how devastating that can be--one-third of small businesses go out of business after a major incident, and I think that that is really important, and looking at the flexibility in the requirements. Even though we want--we definitely want accountability, but sometimes the requirements preclude you from even asking for the particular money that you may otherwise need.    Ms. Clark. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. As it relates to the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program, it is a very important component of, I think, what communities need to be provided for. There are some issues, I think, within the HMGP programs that need more flexibility, however, in order to be able to utilize those funds best at the local level. We see sometimes that there is not an understanding of unique situations, and I will give an example    In 2012 was the Waldo Canyon fire. We just closed on three houses 2 weeks ago for several homes that were in the floodway as a result of a fire that happened on Federal forest land. They had never had flooding ever before, and it has taken us, really, that length of time to get that completed.    As it relates to, additionally, the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program, we at our Office of Emergency Management appreciate being able to utilize those dollars, but sometimes the accountability, where you may see it as accountability, the paperwork is so extreme for such a small amount of money that it makes it really unusable for us to even apply for the grants.    And so, we do take it very seriously, but I think sometimes those programs need to be looked at as how can those dollars actually get to the folks that need the help and provide some additional assistance for those individuals who want to take personal responsibility for trying to reduce mitigation--to reduce the disaster, eventual disaster declarations, by looking at being proactive on their own personal property.    The Black Forest fire was almost entirely on private property. That was the second fire. So we have two different fires, and we have seen different problems in each of those.    Ms. Clark. I am assuming that is for me. I wanted to say that I think that that brings up a very----    Ms. Clark. OK. I will start and then--I think that the--that local government really is here from the Government, and here to help. We want to know from you how we can best provide you the data and the information.    For those of us who have done this before--and in my case we have had four declared disasters, so we have got a lot of information. And I think it would be helpful to sit down with those communities that have been through the processes, and all the different silos, and to be able to have feedback from us on how to change things that--policies that may not be working in the best interest, first of all, of our communities and, secondly, of our local governments.