    Mr. VITALE. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Ms. Velazquez, and members of the Committee.    My name is Les Vitale. I am a partner at McGladrey, a national firm. I work out of the Boston office, which is comprised of about 650 professionals. McGladrey is a firm that has 8,000 professionals that practice in 80 cities across the country. In addition to that, the group I practice in specifically is a small practice group called the Local Market Group. The Local Market Group is made up of about 50 professionals, including five partners. My client base in particular represents about 40 small businesses with sales ranging from under five million to up to 100 million in revenue with employees from 10 to just about 200. All of my clients are privately owned and many are family owned. The majority of my client companies are S corporations.    In preparation for today's testimony, I determined that it was best that I poll the practice group so that it was representational of the members of my firm. In trying to come up with some common themes, we did so, and we came up with three challenges that I would like to present to the Committee today. And those subjects include the TARS legislation relative to depreciation, privacy and security, and also S corporation basis.    So the rules with regards to TARS legislation in a word are onerous. The depreciation rules were originally set out to spread the timing of a deduction so there really is no question about the fact that something is deductible. So it is a question of not if, but when. So one of the items that was pointed out by my colleague, Mr. Lewis, was that there are differences between small and large companies and what they are allowed to do under these regulations, which has created a burden for the small client. Many of my companies do not have what is referred to as an applicable financial statement. Large companies, in particular large public companies, so very large companies that have audits due, the rules therefore are different. They are allowed larger thresholds up to $5,000. The small clients in our practice unit, the small S corporations, the family-owned businesses, have a $500 de minimis exception amount only if they elect it.    When polled, the members of my practice unit said that one of the things they have spent the most time on this year is the administrative and compliance requirements related to the TARS legislation. That legislation and those rules required and are requiring the filing of a Form 3115. 3115 could take on average from 10 to 15 hours of time. Larger corporations, even longer.    One of the suggestions and one of the recommendations that we would make in our firm, and we have talked about this internally, is the simplification of the election requirements in electing safe harbor for the de minimis rules. One method would be to simply modify the current Form 4562, which is the current depreciation form. It could simply be redesigned to include the questions that are asked of the 3115, and really reduce down the time requirements to prepare that form.    We would also suggest that the safe harbor amounts be revisited and consider raising those levels to $5,000. One of the things that the laws do not take into account is the degree of differences between companies. Service companies versus innovation companies are very different. Their needs and their investment in capital and there is really nothing in the code and the current constitution of the forms that allows for that flexibility.    In addition to that I wanted to cover briefly the privacy issues. In our firm, we have had over 20 breaches in the last four or five months. I have two going on right now. Those have required a significant amount of time, and I know I am not here to suggest that I have the answers to security and privacy breach, but the time that is spent on the phone, as also pointed out by my colleague, has been significant, and I personally have spent probably 15 to 20 hours trying to resolve two cases.    The last item that I wanted to cover was S corporation basis. I have a client case right now that is under audit. The client has closed the business. They have been in business for about five years. They lost money each year, and the auditor has spent three days on the audit right now at great expense to the client, and it is all about the amount of basis that the client had. The basis rules and my dialogue are contained in my testimony feeder review.    Thank you very much for your time to present these.    Mr. VITALE. Yes. We have some very small clients similar to the professor, and even the smallest of small clients, they have access to TurboTax and a lot of tax programs that supposedly could make their life easier, but we get calls all the time from small, small companies that still need help with that.    Mr. VITALE. Great question. There is probably an element of truth to that. The fundamental problem is going to remain until the code is simplified and clarified. The person who has invested in their business and has a lot at stake is, more often than not, going to eventually reach out to the professional to try to get the right answer and the best answer possible. And that is an expensive proposition. But the cost of them not doing that and going the other way at the end of the day could probably be much more costly by their failure to comply.    Mr. VITALE. I believe the answer is yes based upon--I will affirm in our client base, we are a $1.6 billion revenue firm. Sixty, 70 percent of our business is labeled as small to midmarket, and with the reduction in the number of banks that we have seen--community banks, local banks, we have seen many of our clients go to alternative markets for their financing. That financing is often much more expensive.    Mr. VITALE. The alternative market is usually an angel investor or private investor, and that money is even more expensive.    Mr. VITALE. Sure. One of the things that I highlighted in my written testimony was the use of PINs. We have some experts in the office that specialize in security, cybersecurity, and I believe the way the world is going towards a PIN-based system, the current Social Security Number is very vulnerable, very easy to get at. It is very easy to hack, and that is the gateway to a lot of theft. And I believe the transition has to happen sooner rather than later.    Mr. VITALE. Sure. I think to that point, the one observation I have and the recommendation would be to have the service reevaluate how it deploys its resources, where it spends its time. With my clients with businesses, those that are very successful have good strategic plans. They have a plan. They invest the right time and money into the areas that yield the best benefit.    As a case in point, in my written testimony I spoke at the end of a client that I have under audit. The client has lost money, restaurant business, five years, very difficult, two partners put all their own money in, lost it, borrowed money, paying that off, lost it. And the auditor has spent three days auditing a company where even if she makes a change, it is not going to make a difference. So I think those three days, 24 business hours, could be spent by people at the service doing better things than that.    Mr. VITALE. I believe that is a better start.