    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Koskinen, for being here.    I have been listening to this discussion, but I know that your fiscal year 2017 budget request proposes to restore more than $807 million in cuts to the IRS that have occurred over the past few years. The cuts, once counting for inflation, currently fund your agency at levels comparable to 1998, I am told.    You have indicated that personnel accounts for nearly 75 percent of your budget and that these cuts have contributed to the loss of 13,000 people due to normal attrition, reduction in forces, and agency hiring freezes. This loss has translated into fewer personnel conducting audits, which you have said, and tax enforcement, fewer employees answering the phones to respond to taxpayer inquiries, longer wait times.    As a result, you have indicated that we have suffered a degradation of taxpayer services and a loss of billions of dollars in enforcement revenue. I am told that for the 2006 tax year, that there was a $450 billion gross tax gap. That is the difference between taxes owed and taxes voluntarily paid on time. That would be a substantial contribution toward reduction of the deficit and also providing the additional resources that the Internal Revenue Service needs to collect the money that is needed to fund the government.    It seems to me that the cuts over the past 5 years have really worked to sort of cut off your nose to spite your face, in terms of being able to fund our government.    And so while customer service is vitally important--and I hear it from my constituents day in and day out when they have to deal with the IRS and can't get through--if you get this restoration, are you going to be able to collect that money, to decrease that $450 billion gross tax gap, so that the government gets what it is entitled to get under existing law without raising tax rates, what is actually owed?    Mr. Bishop. Mr. Koskinen, I have got 24 seconds left.    Mr. Bishop. Bottom line is that Congress has required and the population increases has required that you do more with less. And that has contributed and is a contributing factor, I would take it, to the fact that customer service is poor and we have got that tax deficit, that tax gap.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, sir. My time has expired.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Ms. White. According to a 2013 GAO report, which was three years ago, minorities accounted for only 19 percent of management positions in the financial industry, and even worse, minority women accounted for only 13 and a half percent. Can you tell me what steps the SEC has taken to improve this drastic disparity and what are the current stats? Hopefully they are improved. And tell me what steps you think Congress could take to give you additional tools to increase minority participation?    Mr. Bishop. Anything that we could do to help you in that regard?    Mr. Bishop. I was going to ask you about recruitment.    Mr. Bishop. OK. Let me change gears a second and follow on Mrs. Lowey's question. According to your budget request, the SEC has never examined approximately 40 percent of all registered investment advisors. With the growing number of registered advisors, which you claim has been an increase of nearly 35 percent over the last decade, how do you plan to address the shortfall without impacting investigation of at-risk advisors?    Mr. Bishop. OK. Last week, the SEC approved for the first time, a lender to use funds from public investors to back loans for small businesses. This crowd lending is an innovative financial product established for the JOBS Act of 2012.    The company approved under Regulation A plans to initially offer the loans to veteran small business owners as an alternative to high-interest payday lenders. Allowing crowd lending is a positive development that could expand opportunities for small business owners and it is especially encouraging to me to see that veterans will be the first to utilize this. What other steps is the SEC taking to encourage liquidity for small businesses?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, and I think my time has expired.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much. Let's talk about flash crashes. In August of last year, fears of a slowdown in China's market prompted volatility in U.S. markets. Some investors were surprised to discover that ETFs were trading at much lower prices than their underlying investments on the morning of August 24. Parts of this resulted from delays in opening stocks and U.S. markets, while ETFs were immediately available for trading.    Additionally, the flash crash, like others before it, has been partially blamed on the application of automated investment tools on a large scale, without a sufficient safeguard against panic selling. While the flash crash of August 24th, 2015, was nowhere near the turmoil experienced in the flash crash of May 6th, 2010, it demonstrates that stock markets are still susceptible to human and computer errors and are largely unpredictable. What is the SEC doing to prevent flash crashes and their artificial instability in the U.S. stock markets?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you.