    Mr. Clinton. Thank you, Madam Chair and Members of the Committee. It's an honor to be here. I appreciate the opportunity.    I'd like to focus on five areas I think where the federal government can learn from the private sector. First, government needs to invest much more in cybersecurity. Private-sector spending on cybersecurity has nearly doubled in the last several years to $120 billion annually. The federal non-defense spending on cybersecurity this year will be between $6 and $7 billion. Private-sector spending on cybersecurity will increase 24 percent next year. Federal government spending is increasing about 11 percent. I know of two banks who have a combined cybersecurity budget of $1.25 billion for next year. DHS's entire budget for cybersecurity next year is about $900 million, 75 percent of what two banks are spending by themselves. Cyber crime costs our nation a half trillion dollars a year, yet we are successfully prosecuting maybe one percent of cyber criminals. We simply need to spend more on cybersecurity.    Two, government needs to act with greater urgency. It took Congress six years to pass a modest information-sharing bill. In 2009, major trade associations presented Congress and the Administration detailed recommendations on cybersecurity. In 2011, the House GOP task force report on cybersecurity embraced these recommendations, as did President Obama's Executive Order, but four years after the House task force report, we still have not seen any substantial work on the top recommendation in that report or the Executive Orders. For example, the GAO task force report and the Executive Order and the national infrastructure protection plan all call for the creation of a menu of incentives to promote the adoption of cybersecurity yet aside from the information-sharing bill, the President has not proposed, Congress has not introduced a single incentive strategy bill. Last month GAO reported that 12 of 15 sector-specific agencies had not identified incentives to promote cybersecurity even though that's called for in the national infrastructure protection plan. The President's Executive Order called for the NIST cybersecurity framework to be both cost-effective and prioritized. Three years later, there has been no objective measurement of the framework's effect on improving security, adoption or its cost-effectiveness.    Three: The government needs to educate top leadership as the private sector is doing. In 2014, ISA and AIG created handbook on cybersecurity for corporate boards, which was published by the National Association of Corporate Directors and is the heart of the training program that they are launching. PriceWaterhouseCoopers recently validated the success of this approach. They said boards appear to be listening to the NACD guidance. This year we saw a double-digit increase in board participation in cybersecurity leading to a 24 percent boost in security spending. Other notable outcomes include the identification of key risks, fostering an organizational culture of security, and better alignment of security with overall risk management and business goals.    We believe, Madam Chair, that the government needs a similar program to educate the government equivalence of corporate boards: Members of Congress, members of the Cabinet, agency Secretaries. Most senior government officials are not sophisticated with their understanding of cybersecurity. If they are educated as we're educating the private sector, we think we could have more effective policy.    Four: The government needs to reorganize for the digital age. Over the past several years, the private sector has moved away from the IT department as the central focus of cybersecurity and is evolving a more integrated enterprise-wide risk management approach. Unfortunately, the federal government is still caught up in legacy structure and turf wars that are impeding our efforts. A Bank of America/Merrill Lynch study found in 2015 that the U.S. government is still in the process of determining who will have jurisdiction in cyberspace. Departments, agencies, and commands are all battling for jurisdiction and funding. The result is a fragmented system, muddled political agendas that is hindering the development of a secure system.    And finally, five: Government needs to become more sophisticated in managing their own cybersecurity programs. A 2015 study compared federal civilian agencies with the private sector, and found that the federal agencies ranked dead last in terms of understanding cybersecurity, fixing software problems, and failed to comply with industry standards 75 percent of the time. The reason the government does so badly, according to GAO, is that they simply evaluate by a predetermined checklist. The private sector, on the other hand, uses a risk management approach wherein we anticipate what the future attacks are going to be based on our risk posture and then forward looking attempt to adopt standards and practices.    We believe that the government needs to follow the private sector's lead. They need to become more educated, more sophisticated, and more innovative and act with greater emergency and commitment with respect to cybersecurity.    I appreciate the opportunity to speak to you today. Thank you.    Mr. Clinton. I agree completely with Mr. Wood, and I think this speaks to part of the education issue that I was speaking to. We need to have a better understanding of the breadth of cybersecurity. What you're talking about, Madam Chairman, is frankly not an IT problem; it is an economic problem. That's what cybersecurity is. It is not an IT problem, it is an economic problem, and we need to find a way to move away from, as Mr. Wood said, lowest cost items, particularly in the federal space. We have examples where federal agencies are buying equipment off eBay from nonsecure suppliers because it's lower in cost, and while we appreciate the tension and the need for economy in these times, we have to understand that there is a direct tradeoff between economy and security, and we're just going to have to come to grips with that, and we haven't. I think if we could educate the federal leadership in the way we're educating corporate boards--where by the way we had exactly the same problem a few years ago. We might be able to get a better appreciation of the interplay between the economics of cybersecurity and the technology of cybersecurity.    The real problem that you're speaking to, in my opinion, mostly comes in the smaller business elements of cybersecurity. If you're going to deal with, for example, the major defense contractors, frankly, you compensate them perfectly well and they have pretty good cybersecurity, but because of the procurement system, they are required essentially to farm out a lot of the procurement to smaller firms across the country in Congressional districts and those smaller firms do not have the economies of scale to meet the cybersecurity standards that the primes have. We have to find a way to provide incentives for those smaller companies to come up to grade because it is not economic from their business point of view in order to do that. Now, we think that there are a number of suggestions that we've made and I referred to in my oral statement and in the trade association paper that can talk about how we can better incentivize the smaller companies so that we can get them up closer to where the majors are, and if we can do that, we can achieve our goal, which is a cybersecure system as opposed to cybersecure entities.    Chairwoman Comstock. Mr. Schneider?    Mr. Clinton. If I could just very quickly, Mr. Lipinski, first of all, we're big fans of insurance so we've been promoting cyber insurance for over a decade, but I don't think that a requirement is appropriate, and----    Mr. Clinton. No, and that's because of systemic problems within the insurance market, the lack of actuarial data, and in particular, the enormous risk that the insurance companies realize that if they insure and there is a major catastrophe, they're on the line for everything.    We faced the same problem in terms of insurance in the last century with crop insurance and flood insurance, and there are systemic ways that we can work with the federal government in order to address that problem, and I'd be happy to go into those in some detail, but I wanted to get to the specifics of the requirement piece.    I think one of the things the federal government could do is require insurance, cyber insurance, for your information systems in the same way that you require physical insurance when you build buildings and everything else, and I think if the government did that, it would be a market leader in that regard.    The other thing I just want to point out, and this bears, I think, a little more conversation because I think this is a widespread misnomer, of the reality when you look at the data of the economic impacts of the high-profile breaches is not what you think. If you go back and look 6 months after the Sony attack, their stock price was up 30 percent. If you go back and look at six months after Target, the stock price was up about 26 percent. If you look at most of the high-profile breaches, you find that there's an initial reduction and then there's a bounce back, and I can explain why that is, because the smart guys on Wall Street say ooh, nice distribution system, I like the price point of their products, and ooh, the price is down, buy opportunity. So the natural things that we assume are going to happen really are not happening when we look at the data, but Mr. Wood is exactly right about the fact that corporate boards are spending much more attention on this, but I think that has to do more with the threat to their intellectual property which is being vacuumed out and is a tremendous economic risk.    Mr. Clinton. Well, no, they're----    Mr. Clinton. Yeah, so----    Mr. Clinton. I will get back to that but----    Chairwoman Comstock. And please do submit----    Mr. Clinton. Sure.    Chairwoman Comstock. And I now recognize Mr. Loudermilk for his five minutes.    Mr. Clinton. I'll say it again: that's absolutely right, sir. Thank you.    Mr. Clinton. With respect, sir, I would push back the opposite direction. I would point out that in my testimony I pointed to the fact that the federal government, which basically does operate in the model that you're taking about with FISMA standards that they must comply with, et cetera, and when we evaluate them independently versus the private sector, the federal government comes out dead last. The reason is, is that this is not airbags, this is not consumer product safety where there's some magic standard that we just come up to the standard and we are set. The problem is not that the technology is below standard. The problem is that the technology is under attack. That's a very, very different problem. We need to be forward looking. If we talked about mandating standards a couple of years ago, we'd probably be talking about mandating firewalls and things like that that we now see as basically obsolete, and all of our companies would be spending a lot of money complying with these outdated standards. So we need a different model. The digital age is much more forward looking. That's why the Obama Administration and the House Republican Task Force and the private sector all agree that what we need is a forward-looking, incentive-based model and we need to get industries to understand that it is in their best interest to be continually advancing security. They can't be looking backward; they have to be looking forward.    We can do this, by the way, but it is a completely different mindset, and I think we need to understand that in the digital age, the old model just isn't going to work for this modern problem that includes nation-states attacking private companies. There's no minimum standard that's going to protect them. We need a different model, and we think we can develop that, but it is going to be different.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. Now I recognize Chairman Smith.    Mr. Clinton. Mr. Tonko, perhaps a slightly different level of abstraction. I think we would strongly support the notion of the government doing some research on the cost-effectiveness of the NIST framework. We are big fans of the NIST framework. In fact, we like to think it was our idea. At ISA, we published material on this a number of years ago. The Executive Order says it's supposed to be prioritized and cost-effective and voluntary. We believe that if properly tested, we would be able to determine various elements of the framework, and the framework is enormous and applies in different ways to different companies and sectors, but I think if we did cost-effectiveness studies, we could demonstrate what elements of that framework are most effective to varying sizes and sectors of industry, and once you can demonstrate that the framework is cost-effective, you don't need mandates for it. Companies will do what it is cost-effective. But when you go to a boardroom, you know, you can't just say hey, this is a great idea and Congress passed it. They're going to say where are the numbers, you know, show me that it's cost-effective, and if we did that kind of research, which is pretty easy and pretty inexpensive, I think we could get a lot of bang for the buck in terms of doing what I think we all want, which is for industry to adopt these things on a forward-looking voluntary basis.    Mr. Clinton. Yeah, Congressman, I think you've put your finger on what I would think is one of the number one problems in this space. I would answer that it absolutely should be criminal, in many instances is criminal, but as Mr. Schneider points out, it's not in certain places so we need to be doing two things. We need to be dramatically increasing our law enforcement capability. As I said in my testimony, we are successfully prosecuting maybe one percent of cyber criminals. There's no deterrent really on the criminal side or no viable deterrent. So we need to be dramatically helping our law enforcement guys who are doing a great job but they are underresourced dramatically, and then we also need to be working aggressively with our international community to create an appropriate legal structure in the digital age. We don't have it. We are operating in an analog world with cyber-attacks and it simply is unsustainable. We need to be doing both of those things.    Mr. Clinton. We are not doing nearly enough. I mean, there are people who will give a speech here and there, and again, I'm not going to point fingers at law enforcement. I think they're doing everything they can. They're underresourced. I think we need leadership from the Congress to demonstrate that this is a priority and we are going to fund it much more aggressively.    Mr. Clinton. Mr. Palmer, I agree with Dr. Casado's comments, particularly with respect to millennials. You know, if you adopt that kind of workforce policy, you're probably not going to be having much of a workforce left to deal with. But I do think that there are things that we can do and we are doing and some in the private sector.    So one of the things we're trying to do is move out of this IT-centric notion of cybersecurity, and for example, involve the human resources departments in this, and what we're advocating and we're seeing some success with is that we are integrating good cybersecurity policy into the employee evaluation system so that, you know, if you have downloaded things you shouldn't be downloading, you know, you are less likely to get that step-up increase or that bonus at the end of the year. We've got to make this part of the overall process. And there are other things that we can do and we are seeing adapted in the private sector such as having separate rooms with separate equipment so that people can, you know, access their personal information or their data without using the corporate system.    And so I think if we are a little bit more inventive about this and use that more incentive model, we're probably going to have more success.    Mr. Clinton. Congressman, if I may, I think that's of course true, and there are some others, and I think I want to build off this point into having a better understanding of the multifaceted nature of the cyber problem. So for example, you know, one of the technological mechanisms that we use in the private sector is we understand that the bad guys are going to probably get in, you know, a determined attacker will peruse your system, but actually we have more control over the bad guys when they're inside the network than when they're outside the network, and if you are dealing with a cyber crime situation, you're basically dealing with theft, which means they have to get in the network, they have to find the data and they have to get back out. So if we block the outbound traffic rather than trying to block the inbound traffic, we can actually solve the cyber breach problem. They get to have a good look at our data but they don't get to use it at all, and from a criminal perspective, that's a problem. But if you're looking at this from a national security perspective, the attacker may be interested in disruption or destruction. They don't have to get back outside their network. They don't care about getting outside your network. So we need to understand that we're dealing with multiple different cyber problems, some of which are national security, defense critical infrastructure, making sure the grid doesn't go down, et cetera, and we need a different strategy with regard to that than we may need for the strictly criminal or theft problem, and when we have a more sophisticated policy in this regard, I think we're going to be able to make more progress.    Mr. Clinton. Sir, I think that that was a good bill. We endorsed the bill. We support the bill completely. The most important thing, however, is that that is not the cybersecurity bill. That's a very useful tool to have in the toolbox. It can help, but it is nowhere near sufficient.    Mr. Clinton. Absolutely we need to do a great deal more.    Mr. Clinton. For new legislation, we would like to see the incentive program that has been endorsed both by the President and by the House Republican Task Force put in place. That would include things like stimulating the cyber insurance market that we've talked about earlier today. It would include with providing some benefits for smaller businesses who don't have the economies of scale in order to get in here. It would include streamlining regulations so that we had an opportunity to reward entities that were doing a good job with cybersecurity in the way we do in other sectors of the economy. A lot of the incentives we talk about and I refer to in my testimony are things that we are already doing in aviation, ground transport, agriculture, even environment. We simply haven't applied these incentive programs to the cybersecurity issue and so I think if we did that, we could do more.    And then the third thing would be, I think we need to have a much better, a more creative and innovative workforce development program. We've talked here about the fact that we are we're always connected now and we all know this, but the slogan that DHS uses for their workforce education program is Stop, Think, Connect, which is directly out of the dial-up age. No millennial stops and thinks before they connect. It just makes no sense. We need to be leveraging ESPN and reaching to the millions of young people who are interested in gaming and popularize that and use that as a bridge to get them interested in cybersecurity. We need to be much more aggressive, much more inventive in this space, and by the way, they are doing these things in other countries. We need to be taking a page from that.    And then the final thing that I'll mention is, we would like to see--I'm not kidding. We need an education program for senior government officials like we're doing for corporate boards who are just like you guys: really busy, lots of things that they have to do, demands on their time. We found when we actually educated them about cybersecurity, we got better policy, we got more investment, we got better risk management. We need to be doing that on the government side just like we're doing that on the private-sector side.    Mr. Clinton. I would offer two things, Congressman. First of all, we need to really rid our government partners from the ``blame the victim'' attitude that they have, particularly at some of the independent agencies. I'm thinking of the FTC and the SEC, for example. As we have articulated here, and I think is fairly common knowledge up in Congress, it's been said the determined attacker is going to get in. The fact that you are subject to a breach is not evidence of malfeasance or nonfeasance. Now, there may be instances where you are malfeasant or nonfeasant, and we should investigate those, but breach per se is not one of them, and so we need to move beyond that particular notion.    The second thing that I would say is that the government really needs to get its act together with respect to cybersecurity. Cybersecurity--you're right, sir. Cybersecurity's real hot now so every entity in the government, every state, every locality, they're coming up with their own cybersecurity programs, and a lot of times these things differ just a little bit and so when you try to do these things, you're forced to meet with multiple different compliance regimes trying to do essentially the same thing. Now, we're in favor of the NIST framework and using that, et cetera, but let's have one and let's make sure we're all working in the same direction, because as we've also pointed out, we do not have adequate resources in this space, and frankly, one of the big problems that my companies tell us is that they're spending all their time on compliance, which means they don't have time to spend on security. I have one company that told me a story about how they were following a legitimate best practice quarterly testing, you know, testing your system every quarter to make sure, you know, you've not been invaded, and they had to go from quarterly pen testing to annual pen testing because all their security were too busy doing compliance. That's a 75 percent reduction in a key cybersecurity best practice due to overregulation coming from different elements. We need to streamline that process, have a good process, but have one process that is cost-effective.