    Mr. BIERON. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the Committee, thank you for inviting eBay to testify on how U.S. small businesses are using technology to reach international markets. Our company is a truly global platform with nearly 60 percent of our revenue generated outside the United States. We enable over 150 million users in over 200 countries.    For the first time in history, nearly every entrepreneur and small business can use technology to reap the benefits of trade on a global scale, an opportunity traditionally open only to the largest, multinational corporations. We are literally entering an age of micro multinationals. Some small businesses have always been engaged in trade, often as a supplier to a very giant company, but today technology is creating a new model of direct global commerce by small businesses. We call it the global empowerment network, and it is based on the powerful combination of the Internet global commerce platforms like eBay, technology-enabled payment services like PayPal, modern shipping services, and the knowledge of e-commerce exporting opportunities.    Let me provide some numbers from the eBay Public Policy Lab's 2015 U.S. Small Business Global Growth Report, a copy of which I would ask to submit to the Committee record. As I mentioned, U.S. small businesses have always been exporters, but according to government data, it is just around 1 to 2 percent of them. By contrast, on eBay, 95 percent of them export. The traditional small business exporters reach an average of two export markets a year. On eBay, over 190,000 U.S. small business each exported to consumers on at least four continents last year alone. That is truly global sales.    These staggeringly different results boil down to some pretty simple data on exporters' survivability. The World Bank has studied small business exporters in five upper-income European countries and found that 85 percent of small businesses that start exporting quit the effort by the end of the third year. That is just a 15 percent success rate.    Exporting is hard. On eBay, the success rate for U.S. small businesses was 74 percent from 2010 to 2014. That is 85 percent failure versus 74 percent success. The Internet trade landscape is also more open to newcomers. It is more inclusive. For example, the largest 5 percent of U.S. exporters account for 82 percent of U.S. trade, but on eBay, the largest 5 percent of exporters account for just 55 percent.    I find this global trade data very exciting, but you all represent people, not numbers, and eBay is about empowering people. Let me tell you about two.    Brian Robinson owns the Music Farm in Canton, Ohio. He and his 11 employees export more than 40 percent of the Music Farm's inventory. Great Sky Gifts is owned by a woman named Colleen Rast. She employs four people in Kalispell, Montana. From there they have exported to 99 countries. You know better than anyone in Congress that small businesses face huge challenges. They take risks, they work incredibly hard, and they face intense competition. It is the same when they trade globally.    At eBay, we are working to help address some of those challenges and reduce barriers. Take language. Among other innovations, our investment in machine translation technology has lowered language as a barrier to U.S. exporters by 66 percent since 2004.    There are also things policymakers can do. EBay would propose three to you. First, raise the U.S. low value customs de minimis threshold, the level below which goods are exempted from import duties and paperwork and make raising other countries' de minimis thresholds a top trade negotiating priority. Raising the de minimis threshold is basically a one-step free trade policy for small businesses.    Second, modernize global postal systems across the world. Micro multinationals regularly utilize postal services because of their widespread networks. Those services are key to this global trade model.    Finally, the U.S. Government has many excellent programs, as you have mentioned, Mr. Chairman, designed to help businesses export, but many of those programs were not developed with small e-commerce businesses in mind. I would urge the Committee to review existing government export promotion programs to be more supportive of these e-commerce micro multinationals.    Small and mid-size businesses can contribute to their local economy and regularly service customers around the world. Globalization itself can be a better system. It can be more open and inclusive. I encourage you all to help achieve that future, and I look forward to answering any questions.    Mr. BIERON. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Sure. One of our studies did, did, in fact, try to look at what are the kinds of barriers that are so much lower when a business is operating online than not. And to give some perspective, I think what we are talking about at eBay is the fact that you now have a completely different business model for very small businesses to try to go and engage in global markets. And it is literally a paradigm shift. And my colleagues at the table here, I mean, outstanding and inspiring export stories, but from businesses that I think are exporting in the way businesses have exported for years, at eBay, the idea that these microbusinesses are targeting specific countries, are investing, for example, in the kinds of expertise it takes to engage in Germany, or sell to France, or sell to Brazil, it is not like that on the Internet with really small businesses; instead, the platform itself that allows a small business to have their product be seen. So it is essentially global advertising. Or it replaces the need to have trust in an individual business with trust in the platform. Or, for example, on eBay, the feedback system that allows a consumer anywhere in the world to have trust in individual small business, maybe a five-person business, as I said, in Montana or in Ohio. These are transformative changes, and what it means is that it is almost harder, I would say, not to export than it is to export. We do have some small businesses that are operating in the U.S. and all around the world who literally choose not to export because they believe, for example, that maybe the complexities are too much. They do not want to deal with currency. They do not want to deal with some things. But instead, most choose to sell to whom they can sell, and that ends up being global trade.    And so that does not mean that it is simple. Like I said, language is a huge challenge, and literally moving stuff across borders still is hard. So whether it is the shipping itself--I mentioned postal systems--or the complexity of customs duties, you know, when you are a five-person business and you are having to deal with customs and duties for 50 countries, that is harder than it ought to be.    Mr. BIERON. Internet liability law is different in different countries. We believe that it is clear, and I would like to be clear, that when eBay has knowledge of improper actions by our users anywhere, then there is liability. It is a case of the importance of when our users, unknowingly to us, are engaging in some kind of malfeasance--but it is different in different countries. We believe that actually U.S. law and Internet intermediary liability is the most pro-growth and is something that we think can be promoted through trade agreements.    Mr. BIERON. There is no question that we are able to operate more effectively in countries that have adequate Internet intermediary liability laws. It is just that they can be slightly different in different markets. We believe that promoting the standards and the balance that is in the DMCA and section 230 of the Communication Decency Act, the two cornerstone U.S. policies, these are important for our negotiators to achieve.    Mr. BIERON. Yes. We think it is an important priority.    Mr. BIERON. Small business trade over our platform is impacted by currency. Whether or not there should be a specific provision in the TPA on manipulation, I am really not comfortable making advice on that.    Mr. BIERON. We believe that intellectual property enforcement is very important. We think that the balance that exists in U.S. intellectual property law is very important to promote innovation. And lastly, we believe that we are more likely to get sound intellectual property law with our trade partners through trade agreements than not through trade agreements.    Mr. BIERON. I believe right now the de minimis, for example, in the U.S., is $200. The customs reauthorization proposes taking that to 800. Sellers on eBay, when they export and their product gets returned to them, they oftentimes find themselves paying import duties on their own return. Moving that up to 800 would reduce that burden for them.    Mr. BIERON. Ex-Im Bank is not something that our sellers, I think, are involved with.    Mr. BIERON. I think, yes. I think that it is a way to get far more small businesses exporting. I think that it is not as complicated as traditional exporting, which is why the numbers are so vastly different, but one of the five points that we talk about with the Global Empowerment Network is, in fact, knowledge of how e-commerce can lead to exporting. And so we do think that there is a role to get that word out.    Mr. BIERON. For example, eBay has a relationship with the Department of Commerce, and in fact, about a month ago we had a group of sellers, small business sellers, here in town meeting with some pretty senior officials over at the Department of Commerce to talk about how the existing trade promotion export support programs can be updated to reflect ecommerce small businesses, so we are just beginning that process.    Mr. BIERON. I think the eBay marketplace is a little different. As we have heard from most small businesses, nearly all of our small businesses do export. Honestly, one of the things we have encouraged them to do is contact Capitol Hill about TPA because we believe new trade agreements are the only way we are going to get a focus on microbusinesses who export because this is a very new model for exporting by small businesses.    Mr. BIERON. I think we are trying to be heard but the small businesses using the Internet to sell globally is such a new phenomenon that I feel like the trade infrastructure of Washington and really other major capitals, they are not really aware of how much of the small business trade is actually going on, so that is a real challenge.    Mr. BIERON. I would agree and just note that the amount of exporting being done by small businesses is pretty remarkable given the current playing field.