    Mr. Nixon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, distinguished ranking member, Mrs. Davis, committee members, and staff. It is an honor once again to appear before you representing the member companies of the American Logistics Association and to provide views on commissary reform.    Mr. Chairman, we are always open to new go-to-market strategies, however, we need to play the cards that we actually have been dealt. Until the new FYDP is approved, we are facing a $1 billion reduction in commissary funding in 2017. The GAO review on privatization is supposed to be completed February 1st. We don't know what that is going to say. Until DOD submits its report requested by the 2016 NDAA on key topics to include a new twist, budget neutrality, we do not know the way ahead. But Mr. Chairman, with these negative headwinds, it is not a time to put one's head in the sand, and we are not the association of no. We are, in fact, bolstered by positive indicators.    First, Mr. Chairman, you and Chairman Thornberry have consistently said that the funding levels for defense should be driven by strategy, and not the other way around. As a subset of national defense, this translates directly for resale programs as well. This committee has affirmed its belief in the value of the resale benefit and its commitment to preserving it. It is the next iteration of this evolution taking concepts to practice where we face the most peril.    Mr. Chairman, on the DOD side, there is a new sheriff in town. Peter Levine as the Deputy Chief Management Officer has presented a more tempered view of the way ahead. He has also stated the strategy needs to drive the budget. We also understand that DOD feels the need to conduct a series of pilots to sort out an alternative universe for military resale. This is where we say, proceed with extreme caution.    Mr. Chairman, I have been in this business for a long time and I have concluded that there are three pillars of influence that must be measured in any strategic discussion moving a resale program forward: patron confidence, supplier confidence, and retailer confidence.    Patron confidence in the current business model is rock solid. In the commissary, it is goods at cost with a surcharge. It is the ultimate company store. The patron invests in the system through the surcharge, they build their own stores. It is a brand name business. Items only make it in the system if they have a demonstrated retail presence in the private sector, they only remain in the system if they have a demonstrated customer preference. Its strength is predictability. In a pilot that proposes to change product pricing, whether by store or region, can you improve on the current level of predictability? If you introduced a private label program that requires a retailer to price, position, and promote a product line with artificial customer preference in order to make a profit, can you improve on the current level of predictability? What are you going to tell the patron? This is their store. This is the model they trust.    Supplier confidence is equally important. Brand name goods at cost create a one-of-a-kind business environment. It is the ultimate supply and demand ecology. Patron preference drives what is on the shelf and what stays on the shelf. There are no hidden retail activities like sliding fees, promotional skimming, or advertising pools. Under audited price warranties, the military retailer gets the best pricing from the manufacturer. Manufacturers contribute almost $500 million in costs to offset annually the system through promotional trade spending, stocking, display building, inventory management, and special military events. The introduction of a different pricing model and private label changes the game. What will be the reduction in support from industry if you change the model? What will be the cost to the retailer to develop, position, price, and promote a private label introduction, once again, with artificial patron preference built in? You will be removing proven name brand value items to position private label items to make a profit. What will be the impact on supplier confidence as these pilots proceed?    Finally, there is retailer confidence. First, the exchanges are probably saying, why am I here in this discussion? This is a commissary issue. The fact is the carefully constructed economic ecology and the military resale system is forever interlocked. During the last government shutdown when commissaries were closed, exchanges dropped sales 30 percent. Exchanges are extremely interested in proposed commissary pilots. What if they fail? What will be the impact of patron confidence on their traffic and sales?    On the commissary side, this is uncharted territory. They have done an exceptional job at administering the cherished military benefit, but becoming a retailer is different. They have weathered a government shutdown, employee furloughs, and now they await a privatization study, a budget neutral discussion, and the outlook of a non-appropriated fund workforce. Reminds me of the saying, the beatings will continue until morale improves.    When it is all said and done, these discussions will be critical for preserving this important benefit or moving forward. I commit the resources and expertise of the American Logistics Association to make this move forward successful.    Thank you for this opportunity to participate, and I look forward to our discussions, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Nixon. Quickly, Mr. Chairman, I would characterize the results from the BCG report as kind of the good, the bad, and the ugly. Their pricing survey was certainly very limited when you consider that the Defense Commissary Agency does a full comparison item by item, UPC , weighted by volume, regionalized, they do local surveys on meat and produce to calculate the 30 percent savings. So it was kind of disingenuous to go out and take a small sample and come back and say here is more what the savings range is.    The other thing is they really kind of almost talked with disdain about the nonretail aspects of the Defense Commissary Agency, that, you know, they have these anomalies of vendor stocking and contracted-out functions within the store. The fact is that is the way Congress constructed the system, that is the way DOD conducted it, and it has a lot of difference anomalies to it that are built-in inefficiencies because it is a Federal agency. They, you know, they have inherently nongovernmental function surveys. They went through the A-76 process, outsourced a lot of their functions, shelf stocking, receiving, storage and handling, custodial. A lot of those are awarded at a premium under Javits-Wagner-O'Day, so it costs more to operate in the environment.    So in a retail operation, you would never operate a store that way. I think the BCG kind of missed that, that they are doing what they are doing because that is how they were set up to operate. There are more efficient ways to do it if you want to make them a retailer, but you need to make them a retailer first.    Mr. Nixon. I would say the first thing is a business system. This pricing model requires a sophisticated business system to manage price elasticity between the brand name and private labels and things that patrons are used to seeing out in the private sector. That system is currently being deployed at the Defense Commissary Agency. The first model that would give them the capability to even begin to look at this capability will be probably in the third quarter of this year.    So they will just begin to have the capability then. They will have to start testing it. As with any system deployment, if it is delayed, then that capability is delayed. That is the first thing, because you can't do this on a pencil and paper. And so they need the system. They will have that in place.    Mr. Nixon. This is a system that they procured through the government process. It is a commercial off-the-shelf. I don't have any qualms about the system. And it is replacing a lot of antiquated systems they had down there when I was down there, so they finally got around to replacing those. And then the expertise, it is not just the system, it is the expertise to manage in that environment. And they don't have it. And it is not their fault----    Mr. Nixon . They just weren't constructed to manage in that environment. So those are capabilities.    But, my concern is they are going to bring in--you know, we are going to figure out, well, how do we do variable pricing and private label? They don't know. They'll bring a consultant in that says, well, here is how you raise prices, and here is my bill and make sure you raise them high enough to pay it. You know, that it is kind of the path we are going on right now. It will take a while for them to develop that capability.    Mr. Nixon. Obviously the first thing that I mentioned earlier and Mr. Gordy did as well is the level of industry support. Around $500 million industry puts in annually to offset the cost of operations. A lot of it has a historical perspective from the standpoint of vendor stocking, but a lot of it is--you know, the difference in this model is all promotional dollars go to the shelf. You know, there aren't any fees skimmed off that are in the retail environment, slotting fees and other pools that money go into.    So a manufacturer has a certainty when they put a promotion together, that price goes into the shelf. It is the ultimate supply and demand economy. They are going head to head with their other brand name counterparts with competition on the shelf, and the patron decides what items stay and what items go.    When you start changing the model onto the private sector side, there is manipulation in what is on the shelf. The private label items are price-positioned and promoted by a retailer, because it is a house brand. And it is artificial patron preference, because they position them next to the brand name, whether they have any sale or not, because that is what they want to sell, because that is where they make their money.    Mr. Nixon. Yes, sir.    Mr. Nixon. Yes, ma'am. First of all, just to kind of set the playing field. DeCA did not introduce private label not because it didn't want to. Prior to last year's change in the law, there was a brand name exception to the Competition and Contracting Act, and so if you bought brand name products directly from a manufacturer, you didn't have to compete each order, but it developed into the signature of the commissary system is, was brand name and those brand names were found everywhere in the world that you went.    Private label is a company developed and supported brand. And we talked about they don't have the expertise to develop their own private label. DeCA is not big enough to develop a private label. They just--you know, it wouldn't be cost-effective, they wouldn't be able to manage the quality. So they will buy someone else's private label and put it in the store, but as a house brand, then they must price it, they must promote it, they must position it. And it is artificial positioning.    You know, the day it is put in the store, it doesn't have customer preference. They are going to give it artificial customer preference, because they want to sell it because they are making money on it. And that is primarily what private label does in the private sector.    So, yes, you can get from here to there. It is eyes wide open. Make sure we understand what is going on when we move into this environment and what actually is taking place is they are putting a brand in with artificial preference to mark it up to make money.    Mr. Nixon. Absolutely. One of the benchmarks I said was customer confidence, and clearly customer confidence is very high in the system right now because it is predictable. Everyone knows it is goods at cost, everyone knows what the surcharge goes for. When you start tweaking that and people no longer know exactly what is going where, what has been marked up, and why are these new products in that don't have demonstrated customer preference, why are they showing up, you start changing customer confidence, you start changing the predictability of the system.    And I think that is the benchmark of the system right now, it is predictability and the fact that its savings are audited--it is the patron satisfaction is done independently, and it is a valued store, and it is viewed as their store, and we have to keep that in mind. This is that--the Defense Commissary Agency is managing their store.    Mr. Nixon. Well, yes, sir. That is an excellent question. And I would say that--and I think because many of the things that are in the back office environment fall into the too-hard-to-do box initially, they focused on the front end of something that is a little easier to do, and so I think that is where the focus is. I think there are so many things that can be done on the back end.    You know, these are all business environments that order computers, supplies, store supplies, consulting contracts, major systems award, these are all business systems that manage inventory and throughput and front-end systems. I would probably look at--short of making DeCA a non-appropriated fund activity, is there an opportunity to loosen some of the procurement regulations on them to let them operate a little more in the quasi-government environment to let them participate with the other business operations, and----