    Dr. Monroe. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Representative Castor, other members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today on CDC's ongoing effort to strengthen the quality and safety of our laboratories.    I'm Dr. Steve Monroe, associate director for laboratory science and safety at CDC. In this new position, I serve as the single point of accountability for laboratory science and safety and I report directly to the CDC director, Tom Frieden.    I come to this role with 29 years of experience as a microbiologist at the agency. CDC laboratories remain an indispensable link in protecting the public's health.    Recently, we were pleased to welcome Chairman Murphy to our NIOSH facility in Pittsburgh and Ranking Member DeGette to our vector-borne diseases facility in Colorado where she saw first hand our frontline laboratory staff working 24/7 to address the ongoing Zika crisis.    Ensuring that all our laboratory work is performed with the utmost commitment to quality and to the safety of our workers and the community is and will remain of top priority for the agency.    In July 2014, Dr. Frieden testified before this subcommittee in the wake of a number of unacceptable safety incidents at CDC laboratories. Following the incident, CDC received multiple rigorous reviews of the agency's laboratory safety practices.    We continue to implement and track progress on each of the more than 200 recommendations we received through that process. While more work remains to be done, the progress made to date has been significant, particularly in CDC's laboratory oversight structure and approach.    My office oversees safety at all CDC laboratories. This includes overseeing our select agent compliance but it's distinct from CDC's Division of Select Agents and Toxins, which along with USDA regulates laboratories as part of the Federal select agent program.    My office ensures that CDC complies with select agent regulations in our own laboratories but it does not have authority over and is not involved in overseeing or enforcing the Federal select agency program.    An integral part of our reforms has been to foster a culture of safety in CDC's laboratories. Transparency and reporting are fundamental to such a culture.    One of my first acts in this role was to issue an agency wide memorandum to reiterate CDC's requirement for staff to report all safety issues and to provide clear direction on how to do so.    Another key achievement was the creation of the Laboratory Safety Review Board which is reviewing and approving all protocols from the transfer of biological materials out of BSL-3 and BSL-4 high-containment laboratories, a key issue identified in the 2014 incident.    CDC also established the laboratory leadership service, a fellowship program that prepares early career scientists to become future laboratory leaders.    Finally, CDC is committed to advancing the science of safety, applying the same rigorous scientific methods to laboratory safety that we use to confront threats to the public's health.    Last month, my office launched an intramural research fund to support agency laboratories in pursuing innovative solutions to laboratory safety challenges.    Last month, we saw a test of CDC's new laboratory oversight structure when a CDC worker was diagnosed with a salmonella infection that was likely acquired from their work in a CDC BSL-2 laboratory.    The worker has fully recovered and no other people appear to have been exposed. While the exposure should not have happened, CDC responded to this incident with urgency and transparency.    We will continue to strive to prevent incidents from happening. But if they do, we will do everything we can to identify and address the factor that contribute to the incident and do so swiftly, comprehensively and openly.    GAO's report on high-containment laboratories provides additional and valuable feedback on areas where CDC is succeeding and where continued improvements are required.    We already hard at work to address the issues GAO highlighted including finalizing our time lines for the remaining safety recommendations and working with HHS and our sister agencies on the Biosafety and Biosecurity Coordinating Council which will address some of the policies called for by     For CDC, laboratory safety is not a singular objective that can be checked off once completed. Rather, it is an ongoing commitment to a healthy and functioning culture of safety where monitoring and reporting are valued, issues are rapidly and openly addressed and efficient systems are in place to prevent a safety issue from becoming a safety incident.    Since Dr. Frieden testified before this subcommittee, CDC has made great progress in advancing this culture of safety at our laboratories. But more work remains to be done.    While the risks of working with these pathogens can never be completely eliminated, we will continue to reduce risks wherever possible. This includes diligently working to address the recommendations from the GAO.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify and I would be glad to answer any questions you may have.    Dr. Monroe. Thank you. First, I would emphasize that our laboratory safety review board, which reviews all the policies for inactivation and transfer of materials from our highest containment biosafety level three and four labs.    Has looked at those policies both initially when they were initially released from the moratorium imposed by Dr. Frieden and then on an annual basis. And so we've come up now on having annual review of some of those procedures.    Importantly, all of those procedures include a step that we we refer to as secondary verification. So as has been pointed out, it's not only important to have the right policies but you have to show that there's adherence to those policies.    And by having the secondary verification step of either a second person watching or a time stamp or something that verifies that an activation procedure was done as described in the policy is a critical part of our inactivation policies for anything that's brought out from high-containment to lower levels of containment.    In terms of the personnel, we also, along with others, have instituted a so-called personnel suitability program for those that have access to the highest risk pathogens--the so-called tier one pathogens.    Dr. Monroe. I report directly to Dr. Tom Frieden, the CDC Director.    Dr. Monroe. Everything has been inventoried.    Dr. Monroe. Investigating----    Dr. Monroe. I would have to, you know, get back with an estimate of the number of hours. But, for each of the incidents that CDC was directly involved with, we had an internal team plus the external select team.