    Chief Dine. Thank you, Chairman Miller.    Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for the opportunity to appear before the Committee on House Administration to discuss the leadership of the United States Capitol Police. I am joined here today by the Department's Chief of Operations, Assistant Chief Matthew Verderosa, and the Department's Chief Administrative Officer, Mr. Richard Braddock, as well as some members of my Executive Management Team.    This afternoon, I would like to provide the Committee with a brief summary of my first 2\1/2\ years leading the USCP and lay out to you my short- and long-term vision in leadership priorities for the Department. First, however, I would like to thank the Committee for its sustained and unwavering support for the United States Capitol Police. I am truly grateful for the support of the Congress and that of the Capitol Police Board.    I would also be remiss if I did not recognize the brave women and men of the United States Capitol Police. Each and every day they place themselves in harm's way to ensure that this great institution can carry out its critical role in legislating and providing one-third of the infrastructure for our great democracy. I firmly believe that the women and men of the USCP continually demonstrate professionalism, pride, and effectiveness in meeting the mission requirements for both routine operations and critical incident response and do so proficiently.    In December 2012, I was appointed by the Capitol Police Board to serve as the Chief of Police for the United States Capitol Police. Within the first 2 months on the job, I had the pleasure of leading the Department during the 57th Inauguration of the President of the United States. Since then, I have also overseen numerous State of the Union activities, concerts, National Peace Officers' Memorial services, Joint Meetings of the U.S. Congress, visits from heads of State, dignitaries, and VIPs, CODELS, and demonstrations.    I have also overseen unique situations during my tenure, such as the African Summit, which saw 50 heads of state visit the Capitol; ricin incidents in our mail facilities; operational activities on the Capitol Complex as a result of the Navy Yard shooting; the October 3, 2013, vehicular shooting incident on Capitol Hill; the Convert for Valor; the impacts of demonstrations resulting from the Ferguson, Missouri, police activity; two suicides on Capitol Grounds within the last 2 years; and, most recently, the National Capital Region event with the gyrocopter.    However, response operations have not been the only focus of my leadership. In February 2014, the Department fully implemented its new digitally encrypted radio system without issues or communications service interruptions. In 2014, the Department also successfully achieved reaccreditation from the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, CALEA, earning the gold standard in public safety accreditation.    Further, we have continued our efforts to resolve recommendations provided by the United States Capitol Police Inspector General designed to improve our internal controls and management practices, including our controls over the inventory of weapons and ammunition.    I unequivocally understand the concerns regarding the recent issues related to the mishandling of weapons by some of our officers. There are no excuses for these mistakes.    The Department takes these incidents very seriously, and we will rely on our disciplinary process to provide the framework for accountability. USCP employees are held to a very high standard in terms of conduct and discipline. The USCP has a team of highly experienced, well-trained, professional investigators whose sole job function is to investigate internal conduct issues. This is done by conducting thorough, defendable, legally sufficient investigations into misconduct as well as other employee-related matters.    The first offense for a mishandled weapon typically receives a 5- or more day suspension without pay. I am considering increasing the minimum penalty to up to a 30-day suspension, all the way to termination for a first offense, and potential termination for any subsequent offense.    This is not offered in response to these incidents but rather my belief that any high liability type of violation warrants strict disciplinary action. In reference to the mishandled weapons cases that have been publicized, it should be pointed out that employees are trained on the safe handling of firearms. Currently, basic training includes several weeks of weapons training, discussions on safe handling of weapons, and instructions on what to do in situations in which an employee uses the restroom.    That said, I have directed the implementation of new elements to our weapons safety training to reinforce the proper handling of weapons. This training will also be delivered biannually in person during weapons re-qualification as well as annually online.    All of the Department's operational activities and the management initiatives involve our most precious resource, which is our people.    No one cares more about our people than I do. My goal has been and continues to be to create a work environment to provide the tools and training that our workforce needs to be successful in a well-managed and efficient manner. Our relationships with our labor unions are a key part of that goal. During my tenure, we successfully negotiated and ratified a new contract with the Teamsters, which is the labor union representing our covered civilian workforce. Additionally, I meet regularly with members of the Fraternal Order of Police Executive Board on issues of importance to our sworn workforce. We have also initiated negotiations with the FOP on a new contract, which will provide a labor management framework for our covered sworn workforce. These negotiations are ongoing.    I would now like to briefly lay out for you my focus as we go forward. Before I do, I must acknowledge that I realize that I have not fully developed a relationship with you and others in leadership that I have needed to, in order to be a completely effective leader. I came into the Department facing many imminent operational activities and did not appropriately return my focus to establishing myself as the Chief of Police with the congressional community. I would like you to know that I am committed to making the necessary effort to meet your expectations and to provide better communication with all of our oversight committees and congressional leadership.    As you know, on May 1, 2015, I appointed Matthew Verderosa as the Chief of Operations and Assistant Chief of Police after a 30-year career in federal law enforcement. He has served in many operational and administrative roles in the Department, which I believe make him uniquely qualified to help me and my Chief Administrative Officer, Mr. Richard Braddock, lead the Department.    In an effort to provide greater focus to our efforts, I have laid out a plan for achieving many necessary management activities over the next several months. I will be focused on developing the necessary relationships with the Department's stakeholders to be the most effective Chief that I can be.    I plan to enhance communications with our workforce and ensure the most efficient utilization of overtime. I plan to continue training for onboard sworn personnel for the remainder of Fiscal Year 2015. I plan to complete promotions for the ranks of Deputy Chief, Inspector, and Captain and continue to enhance the promotional process for the ranks of Lieutenant and Sergeant, which will be administered in late 2015 or early 2016.    I will oversee the deployment of the Department's new strategic plan in the coming weeks, which will provide greater focus for the USCP's efforts and allow our workforce to more clearly understand their role in achieving our mission responsibilities. Finally, I plan to continue to work with the FOP to address the remaining issues related to contract negotiations.    My long-term focus over the next several years includes a plan to focus the Department's energy in several areas which tie to our new strategic plan, which includes smart policing; deploying more effective law enforcement services through collaboration, adaptability, and innovation; and focusing on workforce efficiency and effectiveness through improved communications.    To successfully achieve these goals, I am committed to taking the leadership actions necessary to build a management team who shares my vision and who will actively engage all levels of the workforce. Given the huge responsibilities of this Department and our entire workforce, I realize that the Department's failure is not an option. I will continue to evolve my leadership style to ensure our success with meeting the mission, the needs of the workforce, and this community.    Once again, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. I would be very happy to answer any questions the Committee may have at this time.    Chief Dine. Yes, ma'am. First of all, obviously, each and every one of those cases is or will be or is in the process of being fully investigated. That is step one. Then we have a very good disciplinary process, which actually prior to promoting Assistant Chief Verderosa, I had asked him to look at reengineering our disciplinary process to make sure it was effective and efficient and as fast moving as possible.    So one of the changes, while we had an excellent system, I found that it was somewhat fragmented. And for an agency our size, of the importance in terms of the disciplinary process, I believe that a centralized disciplinary process is necessary. So Assistant Chief Verderosa has put together a process which essentially centralizes the review process, which I think is better for all of the members of the agency and makes for a better system.    That being said, the process includes, as you mentioned, looking at the Douglas Factors, which come out of the Douglas v. Veterans Administration case, as you may be aware. Our collective bargaining agreement ensures that at least four of those are considered, which include the member's record, whether the act was willful or, you know, on purpose or not, and those kinds of things.    So the member's record is taken into consideration, how long they have been on the department, their disciplinary record, what kind of act took place, its impact on the agency's ability to perform its mission and those kind of things, and then punishment is given out. And we have been very diligent in both investigating not only these matters but other matters and meting out appropriate punishment.    The Chairman. You know, just reading these media reports, obviously, we are all biological human beings, so everyone has to go to the bathroom. Some of these incidents happened in a bathroom. So I don't know, and maybe this isn't the right question, but do you have a lockbox?    Chief Dine. Yes, ma'am.    The Chairman. That happens, whether it is in a bathroom or wherever they are, that they have to take off their firearm for some short period of time and how it is accounted for safely?    Chief Dine. And that is a great question. We do provide lockboxes to our officers. Those are generally kept in their homes. There are lockboxes around in various office locations. So, if someone has time, they may have the ability to go secure their weapon before they go to the bathroom. But as I mentioned in my opening testimony, we are now providing additional training on what to do when you have to go to the bathroom.    Obviously, while these acts were not done on purpose, they are unacceptable. One cannot leave your weapon anywhere. It has to be secured at all times. And so those actually will be dealt with firmly and effectively. But we have enhanced the training. We have now made that additional training as part of our biannual certification process, and we are creating online training that everyone will go through once a year as well. So we have enhanced and reinforced the whole discussion of weapons safety because that is extremely critical, obviously.    The Chairman. Okay. My second question then would be about the gyrocopter incident. Again, you and I have talked about this. We have had a brief about it. We have talked about it at length. But as I continue to sort of contemplate what could have happened, what it meant, et cetera, what it could mean in the future, et cetera, I guess I do have a couple of questions.    In regards to the officers that actually did respond, as I said in my opinion, from a layman, I don't know, I don't understand your business, but it certainly looked as though the Capitol Police that responded did everything they were supposed to do flawlessly once the gyrocopter landed. So I am wondering how much advance notice that the Capitol Police had, again, understanding that the restricted airspace is not your responsibility? I am not trying to throw some other agency under the bus, but I would like to know, to the extent that you can enlighten us, how much advance notice the Capitol Police had that this gyrocopter was coming, if boots on the ground understood that it was coming, or what exactly happened there in the critical moments before this gyrocopter did land. Thank God it was nobody that really meant us harm, but who knows.    Chief Dine. Yes, ma'am.    The Chairman. As you know, Chief, I also serve as the vice chair of the Homeland Security Committee. So, from a homeland security standpoint, put my other hat on here for a moment, what in the world? The after-action reports, perhaps, what you did with the men and women that did respond.    Chief Dine. Yes, ma'am. A lot of great questions right there. And let me first say from the outset, let me touch on the notification process, so I can tell you once again, we fixed that that the next day working with Chief Verderosa. We directed that notifications be given out immediately. So we apologize for that. That is not acceptable for you to find out----    The Chairman. Actually, that was not my question. I appreciate the candidness. I am talking about how much notification the Capitol Police had about the gyrocopter coming.    Chief Dine. Yes, ma'am. The notification of the gyrocopter. That day, at, I believe, 12:59 hours we received an email from someone claiming to be a reporter asking questions; did we have any knowledge about a gyrocopter landing? The information did not provide a time or date or indicate that landing was imminent or anything like that. It was more about, are you aware that this might be happening, and does the person have permission to do that?    That email went to our Public Information Officer, Lieutenant Kimberly Schneider, who sent it to our Investigations Division. About a minute later, we got a call in our Command Center apparently from the same individual asking generic type questions, does somebody have a permit to land? Again, did not give a date or time or indicate that landing was imminent.    That information was also forwarded then to our Investigations Division. As those things began to be looked into, minutes later, frankly, the gyrocopter landed. Now, while on the West Front, about a minute before it landed, one of our officers was approached by someone who was apparently a reporter, who knew that the gyrocopter was going to be landing. And they asked the officer: Are you aware of anybody, any airspace issues, anybody landing? I forget the exact language. And the officer didn't know anything about it.    He asked another officer. They went over the air. They made some notifications. Essentially, at that time, they observed the gyrocopter over the Grant Statue and landing on the West Front. So there was about a 20-, 25-minute time lapse from the time we got these generic pieces of information. And, as you know, we get hundreds and hundreds of calls every day and emails about different permits, about different activities. So----    The Chairman. Now I understand.    The last thing I will say, because I note that everybody else wants to ask a question, it is my understanding you did get that email about a half an hour before the gyrocopter landed, along with the Web site for a live stream that this guy was live-streaming his flight. So maybe somebody else wants to follow up on that, but it would seem as though somebody would tune in.    Chief Dine. Well, and we attempted to tune in. We had no luck immediately. We ultimately did--that investigation continued, which allowed us--and I would like to echo your praise of the officers' actions on the scene. Immediately, I think the officers acted properly, heroically, swiftly, and efficiently. And the continued investigation actually allowed us to determine what we were dealing with because, as the K-9 officers swept the gyrocopter and then our EOD folks approached to continue to clear it, we were pulling up information about the person, who he was, and what kind of potential threat he was or was not.    So that investigative effort kind of aided our whole overall effort and fit into our overall response. As you mentioned, it is not our role to patrol the airspace. That is a DOD NORAD responsibility, but we work very closely with them. We are working with the Department of Homeland Security on an after-action report from a larger sense. We are also doing an internal one as well.    And, actually, during Police Week last week, I had an opportunity to speak with Secretary Johnson about the matter, actually twice, which I was pleased to be able to do that.    The Chairman. Very good. Thank you, Chief.    The chair recognizes my ranking member.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir.    Chief Dine. I can guarantee I will do that, and I appreciate your comments.    The Chairman. Chair recognizes Mr. Harper.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir.    Chief Dine. I believe one was 12:59 and one was actually a minute later, where they made contact with us. It wasn't really--I don't know that I would classify it as a notification. It was more of a question, were we aware of anything like this happening. But I think 12:59 and 1:00.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir.    Chief Dine. I don't believe I was notified before it landed.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir, weapons were in place, without getting too deeply into it. We have various weapons deployed around the Capitol. So the short answer is yes. As with any use of force, then you get into an issue of whether the officer is threatened or the lives of anyone else is potentially threatened and that whole decisionmaking process that police officers engage in every day, not only here at the Capitol but across the country.    But, yes, sir, we have officers with weapons.    Chief Dine. No, sir. He was charged with several criminal offenses.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir. Yes, sir.    Chief Dine. And I actually discussed with several Members on both the House and the Senate side about looking at the sanctions of those offenses as well.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir, it is. And I would be remiss, I guess, if I didn't also fill in the rest of this picture. This particular gentleman actually had been under investigation several years before by the U.S. Secret Service who shared information with us about him potentially coming either to the White House and/or the Capitol. That was investigated by the Secret Service. That was investigated by our agency. We shared information.    At that time, he was deemed to not be a threat. But we do engage in the activity you mentioned and then determinations have to be made. And I think, it was alluded to earlier in the beginning of this hearing, we do receive thousands of pieces of information and various types of threats. And what we have to do is determine the level of threat.    Chief Dine. Thank you very much.    And, as it relates to drones, if I might add, we have been working to take a leadership position in the National Capital Region. Several months ago we held a meeting with about 20 other law enforcement agencies and the U.S. Attorney and the Attorney General for the District of Columbia to talk about drones, the challenges that they create for state, federal, and local police agencies, ways to combat drones, the types of charges that may be placed, and it was a very far- and wide-ranging discussion.    We are part of a task force that meets twice a month, multiple agencies, to talk about UAVs and how to address those issues. We are working with a number of agencies in that regard, and actually, we are one of the leading agencies. We just recently put out training for all of our officers that some other agencies are mirroring in terms of drone education, frankly.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir, it is still in the process but close to being fully adjudicated.    Chief Dine. They haven't been yet, but we will certainly be looking at their assignment. In fact, we are looking--in terms of policies and procedures, one of the things we are looking at is rotation of personnel throughout the agency.    Chief Dine. Absolutely. There is literally no excuse for it.    Chief Dine. Right.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir. And, obviously, we need to do and I need to do a better job at briefing you and spending time with you so you are fully aware of how the Department operates and our practices so you feel confident with those issues and the things that do exist, and then, of course, we have to continue to take these things seriously and do something about them.    Chief Dine. At some point, the chain of command was notified in terms of that side; yes, sir. When that happened, if that happened, as soon as it should have, I don't know the answer to that. But, obviously, people need to know, and personnel practices aren't generally, obviously, discussed in the media, but I would like for you to hear about these kinds of things from me or my representative.    Chief Dine. Exactly.    Chief Dine. That will be addressed as well because, as you mentioned, there has to be a notification process for that supervisor. That is part of the role of being a supervisor, taking action, yes, sir.    Chief Dine. Absolutely. I think that is the whole key to good discipline is that it be swift and sure and effective and change the behavior of it. That is the whole purpose for it. Right.    Chief Dine. I was notified, I believe, essentially immediately as it happened.    Chief Dine. As he landed.    Chief Dine. Fairly specific, and obviously unique in that regard. Obviously didn't say that it was happening, but one could reason that----    Chief Dine. We made notifications to the Sergeants at Arms immediately. I don't recall specifically. I can go back and check when they were apprised of the email and the phone call, because we gave them a time line of what happened. Very quickly after the event, I gave them a time line of all the things that happened.    Chief Dine. Did the Sergeants at Arms get a copy?    Chief Dine. I know I gave them a time line. I don't know that the email itself was attached. But we gave them a synopsis report very close to the event.    Chief Dine. Right.    Chief Dine. About gyrocopters?    Chief Dine. Not many gyrocopter emails.    Chief Dine. We get a lot of letters, calls, various types of threats, or matters of direction, that is what we call them if they are not threats. They all fall under the threat category, we get probably a couple thousand of those a year----    Chief Dine. Of all types, shapes, and sizes.    Chief Dine. We don't get many about gyrocopters landing on the Capitol lawn; no, sir.    Chief Dine. No, it went to our lieutenant who is in charge of that office, and then, as I mentioned, we got a call.    Chief Dine. She sent it, I think, within 5 or 6 or 7 minutes to our investigators.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir.    Chief Dine. We have discussed the matter; yes, sir.    Chief Dine. She won't be disciplined, but we have discussed the matter.    Chief Dine. The notification process was something that needed to be fixed and resolved. So I guess never letting a good crisis go to waste, the next day Assistant Chief Verderosa and I met, and we directed that immediate notifications go out to you about incidents up here. There was a fairly antiquated, bureaucratic, overly complicated notification process. We have bypassed that and directed that notifications go out.    And I will apologize in advance if you get too many notifications now, but I would rather you be notified than not be notified and that your complaint is that you got too much information than not.    So we immediately fixed that, literally the next day, in terms of that notification process.    Chief Dine. Well, I can tell you from 40 years of doing this, I hate to say this, there is probably going to be some other incident of somebody doing something. But what we have done, as I mentioned, we have clarified the training, we have added more training to make sure that we are discussing it every time officers qualify, which is twice a year, and then we have added online training as it relates to gyrocopters and UAVs and those kinds of things.    We have new training we just put online, and I think we are one of the few agencies that have done that. And as I mentioned, we now have other agencies mirroring that training to make them aware of those kinds of things. And that is an awareness piece of what to do when you see a UAV or drone or those kinds of things, because that is kind of a fairly unique episode.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Walker.    Chief Dine. We did interact, I believe, but we did not use the radio system for this particular incident. It is interoperable. We have interoperability with the D.C. Police, U.S. Park Police, Secret Service, FBI SWAT team, and a number of other agencies.    Chief Dine. It was. And as I think we have discussed in some other hearings, if I recall correctly, an officer from Park Police saw the gyrocopter, and I believe a Secret Service officer may have. They made their notifications. They also made notifications to the people that oversee the NCRCC.    Chief Dine. We actually were not notified until we saw it.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir.    Chief Dine. Yes, sir. Well, first of all, as I mentioned, we are going to do a better job communicating with you with notifications, and I am personally going to do a better job meeting with and communicating with you, and I look forward to that.    Internally, though, it is really important that we communicate with our whole Department. And I was talking to a young officer a month or so ago one night, in the evening--I am around kind of all hours of the day and night--and the officer said something that was pretty brilliant, because things go out in the media and there is discussion. And he said to me, he said: Well, Chief, sometimes all we know is what we read, because we don't hear what the whole other side is or what the Department's side is.    And sometimes you learn the best things from the officers on the ground, and I have never forgotten that, having been a police officer for now, in a couple weeks, it will be 40 years.    So we need to get our message out to our people when there is a story to tell them about what happened and what happened right and what happened wrong and what the actually story is. So we are going to be putting out more messages in that regard and have more interactions with our people at all levels.    Chief Dine. Yes, ma'am. We are looking at that. We actually had a briefing this morning. And I would look forward to briefing you in a confidential setting about some of the things that we are looking at. And you already know what they do for you, but there is a lot of technology out there that is being worked. We are working that on every level with pretty much every agency in the country. We are part of that effort to make sure that we are in on what is needed.    The gap, frankly, where the gap needs to be closed is once the vehicle is identified, how then what do you do about it? And that is essentially what happened here. Even if we knew it was coming, how then do you determine what is the action taken once you have identified it?    But clearly the earlier we know about it and the earlier we can identify it the better we can make decisions about evacuations, which is a big part of how we use our systems now, and whether any use of force either by us or DOD, which really plays a main role, is appropriate.    So you are right, early identification is critical.    The Chairman. I mean, I don't think I am speaking out of turn here. Obviously the bad guys know we have this equipment, so it is not like it is some big secret, right? We do utilize it.    The other question I would ask you, because this is something that has been talked about quite a bit, I said in my opening statement that obviously we all recognize the challenges that are being faced by police departments across the country because of a number of reasons, various incidents that have happened recently.    What is your thought about body cameras? There has been a lot of talk about whether or not that is a good thing, whether it is an expenditure of funds that is worthwhile or it is not, does it help the police, does it not, does it help all the way around to be able to demonstrate exactly what had happened there. And I think the Capitol Police don't use them now, and I don't know if there has been some thought given to whether or not you are interested in pursuing that.    What is your thought about these body cameras? I know there is a lot of talk about them.    Chief Dine. There is a lot of talk about it, and I would like the Committee to know that we stay abreast of that. Obviously, as you might expect, I meet with chiefs from around the country regularly at conferences and forums. The Police Executive Research Forum, who is located right here in Washington, D.C., they have taken a leadership role in that. They have put out basically, I think, one of the seminal sort of reports on the use of body cameras and how those are implemented, working with chiefs that have implemented them.    I think they are a good tool. I would opine that, like any piece of technology, they are not a panacea. What is concerning a little bit is as we think about the future and some next piece of technology, are we going to get to the point where a police officer without a body camera, that the police officer's testimony is worthless? That is concerning to me, frankly, having done this for so long. But do I think it is a potentially useful piece of tool? Yes. So we are monitoring that very closely to see if it is something that would be appropriately utilized here.    There are still a lot of privacy questions about what happens to the information, how it is protected, and those kinds of things that, while there are some best practices opinions about that, have not been fully determined. That is one of the debates going on right here in Washington, D.C., what happens to those videos and do they end up on YouTube and those kinds of things.    But we are closely monitoring. I have actually read the PERF report, so I am up-to-date on, I think, where things are as it relates to that technology.    The Chairman. Okay. Well, I would just say in regards to that, if you come to the conclusion or recommendation that that is something you do want to pursue, again, you can make a proposal to us. We want to be your advocate if we can and in agreement with what you are looking for.    The last question, and if you don't want to answer this question you don't have to, but I mentioned in my opening statement, I personally have some question, consternation about the current wiring diagram for your management structure, I don't care whether it is you or who the next person is going to be, just because of the way that the Capitol Police Board, the construct of it. As I say, it has been in existence for a very long time, and I think it probably has worked well.    On the other hand, the largest room is always the room for improvement, and it is 2015. Perhaps it is time for us to think about whether or not having the Sergeant at Arms in the Senate and the Sergeant at Arms in the House and then the Architect of the Capitol deciding who is going--I mean, hiring, firing, disciplining, whatever. You have three bosses. I have about 750,000 bosses, but you have 3. I mean, that has got to be a very difficult thing, and I am just not sure it serves us as well as it could.    So I am not sure if I am really asking you, since those are your bosses, what you think about that structure, but I certainly throw it out to the Committee members as well to digest it all a bit. And I think we may want to think about if that is adequate or whether or not we could improve that. If you would like to comment, you can. If you don't want to, you don't have to.    Chief Dine. Well, I will just say that I think that the Board wears several hats, and I work with them in both of those arenas. They wear their hats in their individual role as the Sergeant at Arms for the House or the Senate or the Architect, and we work with them and their staffs individually each and every day in terms of all the issues that we deal with individually for their entity.    And while I am at it, we also work very closely with you and your staffs. And we appreciate the oversight that you and your staffs and all the committees have provided to us, and I have relied heavily on the outstanding people I have that have done that. But that is no excuse for me not personally meeting with you, which I look forward to doing.    So we have a lot of interaction with the staffs, and often they act as buffers for the police, but then they wear their Police Board hat where ostensibly they are coming together as a cohesive entity to give guidance and direction and oversight. So we work with them, I guess, on several levels, and I will leave it at that.    The Chairman. All right. Very well.    Any other questions? Mr. Ranking Member.    Chief Dine. I appreciate that.    The Chairman. The gentleman from Florida.