    Mr. King. The Executive Overreach Task Force will come to order. And, without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Task Force at any time. I'll recognize myself for opening statement.    Today's hearing will focus on executive overreach in foreign affairs. The Constitution grants the President as Commander in Chief clear powers in foreign affairs. However, the Constitution also provides for a check on those powers by, for example, requiring that the Senate approval international treaties and that Congress appropriate all funds needed to foreign military engagements.    I'll focus my remarks today on two troubling developments as it relates to those checks the Constitution grants to the Congress and not the President. Regarding the Senate's treaty ratification powers in Paris late last year, the Obama administration also took part in the 21st Conference of Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.    Senior Administration officials, including Secretary of State John Kerry, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy, and Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz--who visited Ames, Iowa, just this past week, and I thank him for that--negotiated the final terms of a new climate change pact, the so-called Paris Agreement. The agreement involves the commitments that will affect every part of the U.S. And the Obama administration intends to meet those commitments by requiring changes to State law. These Paris Agreement criteria and others listed by the State Department itself in what's called the Circular 175 procedure show clearly that the Paris Agreement is a treaty that requires the approval the Senate, under Article II, Section 2, Clause 2, of the Constitution, which provides the President shall have power by and with the advice and consent of the Senate to make treaties provided two-thirds of the Senators present concur.    Despite this, President Obama has made clear through his spokesperson that he has no intention of consulting or including either the Senate or anyone in Congress in any aspect of the international treaty. On March 31, 2015, White House spokesman Josh Earnest was asked at a press conference briefing whether Congress has the right to approve the Paris Agreement. Mr. Earnest responded, speaking for the President, as follows, ''I think it's hard to take seriously from some Members of Congress who deny the fact that climate change exists that they should have some opportunity to render judgment about a climate change agreement.''    Well, think of that for a moment. The chief spokesperson said that, simply because Members of Congress disagree with the President's environmental policies, the constitutional requirement that a treaty be submitted to the Senate for approval is negated. That's outrageous, and it's unlawful. And it's a clear example of the executive overreach in the area of foreign affairs.    Regarding the President's powers in war, the President does have much greater constitutional authority in the areas of military affairs than he does in domestic affairs. Yet, even in the case of war, the President's powers are not unlimited. One clear limitation on that power is Congress' constitutional authority to appropriate all Federal funds for use on anything, including war. Yet President Obama has evaded Congress' control over military appropriations, as many Presidents have, by using accounting gimmicks to move funds Congress approved for one purpose to another, as was done to pay for the U.S. intervention in Libya.    Today, Congress' power of the purse is weakened because the President has many ways to evade Congress' control over military appropriations, namely accounting procedures to move funds Congress approved for one purpose to another purpose Congress has not approved.    In the case of the intervention in Libya, President Obama paid for that conflict entirely out of funds reallocated from other Defense Department accounts. Harold Koh, President Obama's own former legal adviser to the Department of State, has also written that the President has developed over time a whole range of devices to exploit spending loopholes in the appropriation process. When Congress grants the President statutory drawdown authority, he may withdraw certain funds simply by determining that such withdrawals are vital to the security of the United States. Similar statutory provisions allow the President access to special and contingency funds based upon nebulous findings that the use of those funds is important to the security of the United States or to the national interest.    When given statutory transfer and reprogramming authority, the President has transferred--the President transfers to one appropriations account funds initially appropriated for another or may reprogram appropriated funds within a single appropriation account, often without specific statutory authority. This is yet another example of executive overreach, albeit it one that Congress has been complicit to some extent. Nevertheless, it is an issue that this Task Force should consider.    And I also am thinking about the Iranian treaty agreement, and I expect there will be some remarks with regard to that a little bit later today. And I would point out that Congress has controlled funds with regard to war and done so effectively. And if one would read back through the appropriations debate and language that shut off all funds to support the Vietnam war: In the land of Vietnam and the seas adjacent to it, the skies over it, or the countries adjacent to it, or the skies over them, no funds would be used to conduct the Vietnam war. And it effectively, I'll say, de facto took ammunition off the docks at Da Nang by an act of Congress by using the appropriations language to shut down a war. So that's an example of how a President did honor the wishes of Congress, and we're going to want to talk today about that, but in the meantime, I look forward to hearing from all of our witnesses here today on these and many other issues.    And I would recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Cohen from Tennessee, for his opening statement.    Mr. King. Without objection so ordered.    Mr. King. The gentleman's time has expired.    And the Chair now recognizes the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Goodlatte from Virginia, for his opening statement.    Mr. King. Yes, the Committee will come to order.    And I recognize again the gentleman from Virginia.    Mr. King. I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And the Chair would now recognize the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Conyers, from the rebuilding city of Detroit.    Mr. King. I thank the gentleman from Michigan for his opening statement. And I'll now introduce the witnesses. Our first witness is Eugene Kontorovich, professor of law at Northwestern Law School.    Our second witness, welcoming him back again, is Stephen Vladeck, professor of law at American University and Washington College of Law.    Our third witness is Steven Groves, leader of the Heritage Foundation's Freedom Project.    We welcome you all here today and welcome your testimony.    Each of the witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety. I ask that each witness summarize his or her testimony in 5 minutes or less. To help you stay within that time, there is a timing light in front of you, and that light switches from green to yellow, indicating you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns red, it indicates it is time to wrap it up.    Before I recognize the witnesses, it is the tradition of the Task Force that they be sworn in.    So, to the witnesses, please stand and raise your right hand. Do you solemnly swear that the testimony that you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth so help you God?    Thank you. You may be seated.    Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    I now recognize our first witness, Mr. Kontorovich. Please turn on your microphone before speaking, and you're recognized for 5 minutes, Mr. Kontorovich. Thank you.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Kontorovich.    Now I recognize the gentleman Mr. Vladeck for his testimony.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Vladeck.    The Chair would now recognize Mr. Groves for his testimony.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Groves.    I'll now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    I would go directly to the way you culminated your testimony and that would be your recommendation that if Congress--I'll ask it this way: When there's an executive overreach in the case of, say, the Paris Agreement, for example, then it's your advice that Congress should refuse to fund it and use the power of the purse to restrain an overreach of the executive branch of government. Would it be your opinion that Congress do that, whether or not we agree with the policy that's been negotiated?    Mr. King. If your recommendation is, on the basis of the principle of the separation of powers and the doctrine that, even though Congress might agree with the policy, you would say defund that policy and say to the President: You must come to us, because that's congressional authority; don't step into our jurisdiction.    Mr. King. Mr. Vladeck, would you comment on that?    Mr. King. On the matter of principle rather than the matter of policy, would it be your counsel also that Congress should defend its authority to use the power of the purse, even if they agree with the policy, but there has been an overreach?    Mr. King. So I'd say Mr. Groves said principle; you said pragmatism. And I'd turn then to Mr. Kontorovich to settle this dispute.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Kontorovich.    Now I'd start back down the line again to Mr. Groves, and I'd phrase it this way: Even in the face of having a President who would out of his desire to advance an executive overreach policy on climate change agreement, like the Paris Agreement, if you have a President that you know will veto any legislation that uses the power of the purse to stand on principle--if Congress stands on principle, as you suggested, how does that principle stand up against a government that would be shut down and could not be opened up again without a concession to the President, given that a supermajority to override a President's veto would be required?    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Groves.    And I would say also that in this essentially a stare down between the Congress and the President, as the case may be, and you're faced with a government shutdown, the side that prevails will be the side that doesn't blink. And so if the public is very strongly behind the Congress itself and insists that we defend those constitutional principles that you've articulated, then it could be a different result in that kind of a showdown. And I think that is what's been the result of the shutdown we had in the past; I think it was a foregone conclusion that the President would not blink, and it was a foregone conclusion that Congress would. So I have just said: Find me 217 others who will that sign a blood oath that they will blink after I do.    Thank you. And I yield to the Ranking Member of the Task Force from Tennessee.    Mr. King. The gentleman's time has expired.    For the record, I know the whole truth to that, and that is not true.    Mr. King. Generally, I appreciate the gentleman from Tennessee.    And now I recognize the gentleman from Texas for his testimony, questioning.    Mr. King. The gentleman from Texas yields back.    And the Chair will now recognize the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Conyers from Michigan.    Mr. King. I thank the gentleman from Michigan.    And now I recognize another gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Bishop.    Mr. King. The gentleman returns the time.    The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan.    Mr. King. And I thank the gentleman from Ohio.    And the Chair takes note of the remarks and his testimony, and as we compile a report, we will also review that topic.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Idaho for his 5 minutes, Mr. Labrador.    Mr. King. The gentleman from Idaho returns his time.    This concludes today's hearing. Thanks to all of the witnesses and Members for participating.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record. I thank the witnesses. I thank the Members and the staff and the audience. This hearing is adjourned.