    Mr. McLaughlin. Yes.    Mr. McLaughlin. Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson and Members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me.    As an economist and senior research fellow at the Marcatus Center at George Mason University, my primary research focuses on regulatory accumulation legislation and the regulatory process so it is my pleasure to testify on today's topic.    In previous testimony, I have highlighted the fact that regulatory accumulation creates substantial drag on the economic growth by impeding innovation and entrepreneurship. Today, I have two other points that may happen help in examining the reforms under consideration.    First, I will discuss the affects of regulatory accumulation or to put it another way, why retrospective analysis of regulations can result in what amounts to a tax refund with benefits going largely to lower income Americans.    My second point is that not all attempts at regulatory reform are equal. Several factors tend to contribute to meaningful and successful regulatory reform efforts. The most important of these is the use of an independent body to identify regulations that need to be modified or eliminated. Any retrospective analysis efforts that leaves this task in the hands of the same agencies that created the regulations in the first place is unlikely to succeed.    Regulations can be regressive, particularly in their affects on the prices paid by consumers. A regressive regulation is one whose burden disproportionately falls on lower-income individuals and households. When regulations force producers to use more expensive production processes, some of those production cost increases are passed along to consumers in the form of higher prices. For example, in 2005 the Food and Drug Administration banned the use of chlorofluorocarbons as propellants in medical inhalers, like the inhalers millions of Americans use to treat asthma. Since then the average price of inhalers has tripled. While individuals with high incomes might be able to absorb this price increase, people with low incomes may have to choose not to buy an inhaler and instead leave the asthma untreated.    The cumulative costs of regulations amounts to a hidden regressive burden, but it is a burden that could be lightened. In fact, one way of viewing that burden is as an opportunity, retrospective analysis that eliminates a portion of the regulatory cost burden would act like a progressive tax refund. Let me explain with an example. The regulatory cost burden can be viewed as a tax form by all households. For illustrative purposes, suppose the regulatory cost burden equals about $8,000 per household.    Now consider a regulatory reform that would reduce this cost burden by 15 percent, which would be $1,200 per household per year, this is effectively an annual regulatory cost refund.    This reduction in regulatory burden would have a much larger affect on the purchasing power of the low-income household than the high-income end household. To the low-income household the regulatory cost refund would equal nearly 5 percent of 1 year's household income. To the high income household, it would equal only.4 percent of 1 year's income. This shows that a regulatory cost refund of any amount would work just like a progressive tax cut. Even better, unlike one-time tax rebates this regulatory cost refund would repeat year after year.    So what makes for a successful retrospective analysis? I discuss several key factors for success in my written testimony as well as in my research and I would like to highlight just two of them here today. First, we need to establish criteria for identifying unwanted regulations, I suggest a test of whether a regulation is functional.    Functional rules address current significant risks, mitigate some amount of those risks and do not have significant unintended consequences or excessive compliance costs relative to their benefits, non functional rules are missing one or more of these features.    The key to achieving significant improvement of the problem of regulatory accumulation is first identifying as many nonfunctional rules as possible and then either eliminating them or changing them so that they become functional.    Second, the task of identifying nonfunctional rules should be placed in the hands of an independent body. The reason for that is to achieve as objective an assessment as possible. If the body tasked with the analysis of a rule has incentive to find that the rule is functional or has insensitive to find that it is non functional, the review risks becoming exercise in advocacy rather than an objective analysis. This is a primary reason why I recommend that retrospective analysis of regulations should not be left in the hands of agencies that have incentives find specific results. We should not expect agencies to give any better assessment of their own rules than professors would expect of students grading their own tests students.    In conclusion, regulatory accumulation with its adverse impact on economic growth by impeding innovation and entrepreneurship is now a widely recognized problem. Furthermore, the costs of regulation are disproportionately born by low income households. Retrospective analysis of regulations is an opportunity to improve our economy to facilitate innovation and to create a progressive regulatory cost refund. Thank you, and I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. McLaughlin. Certainly, and thank you for the question.    There have actually been several studies published in peer-reviewed economics journals that have come to a consensus, contrary to my fellow witness' statement that macroeconomic effects of regulation are negative. There was a study in the Journal of the Economic Growth, and in several studies put out by the World Bank were published in some top journals as well, and the consensus result of these studies is that we slow economic growth, and the primary mechanism that forces that to happen is through the hindrance of innovation.    So if you think about your constituents and a small business man, perhaps, there, if he has a set of choices with which to make his business work and as the--as regulations build up those choices are more and more constricted, more and more constrained, then by definition he will be less able to innovate. That's the primary mechanism, and whenever innovation is hampered, you're going to see negative effects on job growth.    In fact, there was a recent survey done of Silicon Valley CEOs, one of the great engines of our economy, and it asked them what they think the biggest problem is for their business is, and they said number one is regulation.    Mr. McLaughlin. I'm afraid I don't really have an opinion on this.    Mr. McLaughlin. Certainly. There was a article in the highly respected journal, the Journal of the Economic Growth, a peer-reviewed economics journal by Professors John Dawson and John Cedars that found the accumulation of regulation hinders economic growth by about 2 percent per year. There have been other studies that have found similarly large hindrances of economic growth from regulatory accumulation published in such respected journals as the Quarterly Journal of Economics, it's one of the top journals that there is in economics, as well as in economics letters from such esteemed bodies as the World Bank.    So I think it's patently false to say that there is no evidence that the accumulation of regulation harms economic growth.    Mr. McLaughlin. I'm sorry. Could you repeat that. I couldn't quite catch it.    Mr. McLaughlin. Thank you. That's actually quite important because the source of a problem--regulations come from statutes. The Congress requires regulators to make rules. But if Congress required that in such a way that the regulator is limited in his choices, in other words, that the regulator has to make a rule that's not effective, for example, then we need to point back to the source of the problem itself.