    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, welcome. Aloha. I am not going to harp on this, but I will mention it quickly. I know it has been talked earlier about the Aegis Ashore on Kauai and just the paramount importance of protecting Hawaii and the United States from North Korea's threat.    But, Admiral Harris, I would like to talk to you a little bit about India. I know you have a trip very soon to go and visit India. Two things: there is a potential sale of eight F-16s to Pakistan that I and other Members of Congress have expressed very serious concerns about, given the fact that Pakistan has long harbored and given safe haven to various terrorist groups that continue to launch destabilizing attacks within India as well as Afghanistan; the recent release of Hafiz Saeed, one of the masterminds of the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attack, where six U.S. citizens were killed, even at the protests of the United States.    There are a number of other concerns that we have. But, in particular, I am wondering if you can talk about how, as you and others have spoken of the importance of this opportunity to strengthen our relationship with India as we head into a strong partnership into the future and the benefits that that brings us, what impact could this sale of F-16s have on our relationship with India and the work that you and others are doing to strengthen that?    Ms. Gabbard. Yeah, thank you. I think this is something that they will definitely be bringing up with you at that dialogue, in particular because of the recent attack at their air force base and the terrorist organization behind that being from Pakistan.    What do you see here really as the next critical step towards strengthening that U.S.-India partnership?    Ms. Gabbard. Great.    Thank you, Admiral Harris. I appreciate the leadership that you have taken, in particular on strengthening this relationship and recognizing the importance of it in our overall strategy within the Asia-Pacific. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. O'Rourke.