    Dr. Lowenthal. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I have some very significant concerns about the legislation before us today. I understand the sponsor's interest in trying to protect private oil and gas rights, and I certainly respect those rights. But I also respect the rights of surface landowners, who in this case are the American people. And we certainly should not be stripping away those rights just to make it a little easier for oil and gas companies.    Unfortunately, that appears to be all that this bill is about. This issue started back in 1979, when the forest rangers at the Allegheny National Forest discovered that an oil company was building roads and drilling in the Allegheny without having provided any notice whatsoever. Worse, they were drilling on land that was being managed for hunting, fishing, and wildlife habitat. The Forest Service had no opportunity to make sure that the forest resources were not damaged unnecessarily in the process of drilling.    The Forest Service also was unable to properly market the timber that the oil company cut down to build the roads and the well pad. So, the Forest Service sued the company and won. The ruling required the oil company to provide information to the Forest Service at least 60 days before doing any additional drilling.    Those requirements became standard operating procedure for the Forest Service in the 1980s, and were put into law by the Energy Policy Act of 1992. It is that language that this bill would eliminate.    This bill is unnecessary, since the courts have been very clear that the Forest Service deserves this advance notice. And I am concerned that future courts could interpret this legislation to indicate that it is the intent of Congress that companies do not have to provide any advance notice. Then those companies would be allowed to build roads and drill wells without telling anyone in charge of protecting the forest.    This could go far beyond the Allegheny, too, since it could set a precedent that would apply to all private minerals underneath national forests, nationwide. I do not see why it is necessary to take that kind of risk, particularly when recent court cases have severely limited the authority of the Forest Service in these situations.    According to the courts, the Forest Service cannot say no to companies wanting to drill on their private mineral rights. I disagree, but that is not the point we are discussing here today. The point is, the oil companies won, so there is no need for legislation that supposedly protects their interests. The courts have done it for them, and there is no indication that the 60-day notice has hindered companies very much, if at all.    But the courts have also been very clear that the Forest Service deserves this advance notice and it deserves the right to make sure that our national forests are not being unduly harmed by private companies seeking to drill for oil and gas. The Forest Service is managing this land on behalf of the American people, and the American people have the right to use this land for recreation, hunting, fishing, bird watching, and more, and have the right to expect they will be able to continue to do so with their children and their grandchildren.    This bill appears to simply blindfold the Forest Service to what is happening on their lands, and I think that is the wrong direction to go.    Thank you, Mr. Chair, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Dr. Lowenthal. Thank you, Mr. Chair. You know, I am trying to get my arms around--as I mentioned in my statement--the need for the bill. And let me follow my thinking.    In the 1980s, the Forest Service sued a mineral owner for converting or constructing roads without at least alerting the Forest Service. The district court agreed that, at that time, this company had to provide the Forest Service with additional information, and things were moving along at that time. Then, through 1992 we had amendments to the Mineral Leasing Act, and that the U.S. Forest Service would issue a notice to proceed, that they received this and they needed at least a 60-day notice for this before proceeding.    Then came an attorney for the Forest Service in 2007 who said that maybe this notice to proceed was a major Federal action, although the Forest Service didn't do anything about that, whether that would trigger anything. Environmental groups then sued and there was an agreement that was made between the Forest Service and that--potentially that there might have to be some kind of environmental NEPA review, or some kind of review.    The courts, in 2011, found in favor of the oil companies, that the notice to proceed is not a major Federal action, it is not a permit, and that the Forest Service has no discretion to prohibit access to mineral rights. But it also said in that that it reaffirmed that the Forest Service is entitled to advance notice from mineral rights owners before operation. So that is what the court said--Federal action is not needed, except that there still needs to be this 60-day notice to go forward. So, given that, instead of this bill just getting rid of the parts that they find in that 1992 Mineral Leasing Act as onerous, they threw out the 60-day notice also.    My question is, why not just keep the 60-day--why not a statement that just says it limits the Forest Service's authority to just the 60-day notice? Why, since the courts have said that is not only permissible, but that it should be there, it reaffirmed the Forest Service, why are we going through this thing to eliminate the entire section? Why not just say nothing in this--the Forest Service is limited to just having that 60-day notice, that has to be there?    That would get us off this question about intent and anything else that is going on, that potentially new regulations could come up, and so forth. The courts have decided that, but they also have reaffirmed the need.    Don't you think that this is an over-reach--I am asking all the members of the panel--by also throwing out the 60-day notice?    Dr. Lowenthal. Tell me where it is not being thrown out.    Dr. Lowenthal. But by limiting this and throwing out that statement, couldn't it be perceived that it was the intent of the Congress to eliminate the 60-day notice, too?    Dr. Lowenthal. This wouldn't be an attempt of Congress to overturn that decision?    Dr. Lowenthal. I wonder what others think.    Dr. Lowenthal. And how do you interpret it?    Dr. Lowenthal. That is what I----    Dr. Lowenthal. I am just not sure why we are going down this route when, in fact, everyone agrees that the 60-day notice is appropriate, why we are even entertaining that.    Dr. Lowenthal. But----