    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Boy, I love the colonel. He brings up a lot of good points, though, he does. In the 1950s, we built the Sentry series in about 5 years, put F-100s in the air, put F-106s in the air in about a 5- or 6-year period. And I bring this up all the time, that building something today with today's knowledge and then thinking 30 years from now might not be the way we should do this. What we might want to do is look back at the 1950s, look back at the 1960s, when we were building multiple aircrafts over a shorter time period. If we are going to build something today and fly the wings off it--we are going to fly the F-35 for 50 years. There is no doubt in my mind that we are going to do that. We are building a bomber right now that we are projecting probably for a 40- or 50-year timeframe. And then probably in 20 years from now, we will start talking about a new bomber.    So I might ask that we think about a new strategy of not flying the wings off and of not buying 100, and then when we need them or when they are down--and I have Edwards Air Force Base in my district. I get to watch the B-2 all the time because there is always one or two of them over there. That means if we have 20 of them and 2 of them are at the test facility, those are not 2 that are capable of going out. And we have to refurbish, and we have to go through the whole process. I have seen this, and I understand that we have learned a whole lot from the B-2 to what we are going to do with a Long-Range Strike Bomber with stealth technology, with the reapplication of the skin, with all these types of technology.    But I would just ask if this is the proper--I will support this as long as we keep the price down and it accomplishes the mission. But is this the proper stance that America should look at? Or maybe should we look at two or three aircraft in a 50-year timeframe, where they overlap, and we are not looking at a 10- or 12-year time period of when we are thinking about it, when we are building it, and when we are testing it, and then it goes IOC , because this aircraft will not be in the air for that young captain to fly until about 2025? That means today, until then, we have the B-52, the Bone , and the B-2. So that is my question.    General Elder. Congressman Knight, your point is actually accurate, and I believe, I'm not read in on the program, but based on everything I have heard about the program and the public testimony that--why I keep referring back to this open mission systems and the open architecture. It is a physics problem basically to design a stealth platform in terms of plan, form, and the basic shape that actually makes it stealthy. There are other things you can add to it that make it stealthier, but in terms of adding the capabilities to the platform, in the past, the problem that we had was that if you were going to try to change these things, you had to break into the airplane basically to do it. What they realized after the work, particularly with the B-2, was that they needed to have a way that they could make substantial capability improvements to the airplane, whether that was a weapon system. You have to remember so much of this is involved with the code, but it also has to do with communications. If you need to put a new aperture, as they call it, a new antenna, an aperture on the plane, it would require this major amount of testing. They don't have the problem with the LRS-B, and they have already demonstrated--all three of the vendors involved with this have demonstrated their ability to comply with these open mission standards, and they have various different tests that show that they can make this work. So, in effect, they are actually doing what you have suggested because the airplane that is built in 2025 will be different than the one that is built in 2030 in terms of capabilities it has, but the neat thing is that they will be able to take the one that was built in 2025 and bring it up to that 2030 capability, because they can put the same software and because of the way it has been designed in the first place.    Mr. Knight. General, I am not going to cut you off, but I am going to grab some time here. I understand that, and software is what F-35, F-22, to much of the extent F-16 and F-15 do today. You cannot change the structure of an aircraft. So if I built the structure of an aircraft today, that will be the structure that I have in 2050. That will be it. So if something changes in that time period, that they can see our bombers quicker or they can address our bombers quicker, because of the structure, I am stuck, I am done. I might be able to do some sort of software, I might be able to do some sort of jamming upgrades, but if something happens in the next 40 years that stops me from doing that because of the structure, I am stuck.    Mr. Knight. I appreciate that, and I appreciate the chair letting me go over just a little bit. I understand that, and I will be highly supportive of this, again, if we can stay within the budget and within the parameters we have set forth. I just think that this should be a discussion that we move forward with in the future, that we talk about these programs that overlap more than talking about a program that--now the B-2 is 25 years old. I was there at the rollout, and I was there at the 25th anniversary. It is still our top bomber with 10 or 15 years from where we are going to get to the next bomber. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.