    Mr. Murphy. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Gabbard, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you very much for the opportunity to testify today on the very important and timely issue of countering violent extremism in Southeast Asia.    I also thank the committee for its sustained support of our broad engagement across the East Asia-Pacific region exemplified by the chairman's recent travel. Thank you very much for visiting us.    The United States and our partners across Southeast Asia work together to address challenges that transcend borders, including infectious disease, trafficking in persons, wildlife, illicit narcotics, organized crime, and of course, terrorism.    As President Obama told his ASEAN counterparts at the Sunnylands Summit just this February, our global counterterrorism strategy is informed in no small part by the successes over many years of Southeast Asian nations in disrupting terrorist plots, arresting sympathizers of terrorist organizations, and establishing mechanisms to counter extremist narratives.    The January attack in Jakarta referred to by the chairman and the ranking member and other recent attacks around the world, however, demonstrate that terrorist organizations, including ISIL, can support and inspire violence almost anywhere. That is why we are building partnerships with the countries in Southeast Asia facing the most active terrorist threats including Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and others as well as regional organizations like ASEAN.    Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim majority democracy, has seen success using a rule of law based approach to counterterrorism. Government and civil society leaders have forcibly denounced ISIL. Still, according to Indonesian officials, there are about 300 Indonesians actively fighting in Iraq and in Syria. While this is a small fraction of Indonesia's 250 million plus population, the existence of such fighters and the January 14th attack in Jakarta underscore ISIL's ability to attract recruits and inspire violence in that country. In response, the Indonesian Government recently introduced legislation that would give it better tools to counterterrorism.    Indonesia is an active member of the Global Counterterrorism Forum. The country's active civil society promotes the local practice of Islam as a positive and tolerant alternative to violent extremist ideologies.    To support these efforts, we are working with Indonesia across a range of activities including training law enforcement and judicial sector officials, sharing information to prevent terrorist travel, providing technical advice on prisoner management, and supporting local counter-messaging efforts.    In Malaysia, we are also concerned about ISIL's influence, particularly through online messaging. Since 2013, Malaysian authorities have arrested over 175 terrorist suspects, primarily ISIL supporters under the country's national security legislation. Malaysia joined the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL last September and announced that it will establish a regional center to counter ISIL messaging. We support these efforts and we look forward to attending the Center's opening in the coming months.    We have also strengthened technical assistance since Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Zahid and Secretary of State John Kerry signed a terrorist watch list sharing arrangement this past October.    In the Philippines, terrorist and criminal elements such as the Abu Sayyaf group, exploit the security environment in the Southern Mindanao region. Although some terrorist groups have pledged allegiance to ISIL, most are focused on criminality and lack strong ideological motivations. We provide, train, and equip programs to support law enforcement and military forces in the Southern Philippines which have strengthened local capabilities. We are also watching the stalled Mindanao peace process which will be important for achieving a sustainable political solution and improving the security environment for local populations.    Finally, I highlight the excellent work that ASEAN has done to strengthen collaboration in meeting these challenges, including its leading role in achieving East Asia Summit statements on ISIL in 2014 and on countering violent extremism in 2015. We are committed to working into the future with ASEAN on information sharing, border security and law enforcement cooperation.    Mr. Chairman, these partnerships demonstrate the strong and growing commitment in Southeast Asia to push back against ISIL's hateful ideology in all forms of violent extremism. With continued U.S. engagement, backed by congressional support, we are confident the countries in the region will maintain a commitment to tackling terrorism and extremism.    Thank you, and I will be happy to answer your questions.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is a great question. As you experienced in Indonesia, this is an archipelago. The same could be said for the Philippines, and parts of Malaysia. Borders throughout the region are described as porous, lacking in the infrastructure. So the key task from our perspective is information sharing, both with established international organizations among ASEAN members and across borders.    And as we heard earlier, the President announced an initiative on our part in February to increase information sharing through a $2-million program working with Interpol. And we are already seeing results, particularly in Malaysia. I can't underestimate the success of a program that automatically updates data on a daily basis to capture those last passports and identification materials.    We are also collaborating on a bilateral basis with these countries to improve information sharing and through our training programs, whether it is through my colleague's Bureau of Counterterrorism, through our anti-terrorism assistance programs, how can we improve local law enforcement capabilities, border controls, immigration standards, etcetera. And we are starting to see success. There is room for improvement and you have identified, in particular, the challenge with the geography of this region.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The success of Detachment 88 is quite symbolic of the approach that Indonesia is taking to tackle the terrorism challenge. This is a civilian led, rule of law based approach. And this reflects a real transition in the way countries are tackling the challenge. And with our help and contributions, Detachment 88 is a specialized, effective, police entity to tackle counterterrorism and it has produced many arrests, successful prosecutions; I think even more importantly the thwarting of attacks and threats before they materialize. And so it is something for others to take note of and we are very pleased with the success and want to encourage more like it.    Mr. Murphy. Well, to some degree, I think, Mr. Chairman, we are seeing similar approaches in other countries, particularly this model of emphasizing a rule of law based approach to counterterrorism, empowering civilian-led agencies to have the lead to coordinate across agencies, much like we do here in the United States. This is proving to be more effective. And Detachment 88, as I noted before having succeeded with numerous arrests, and in the case of the January attack that several of you cited, it could have been much worse. Deeply tragic, the loss of life, in particular, the four civilians, but I think many analysts see that it could have been much worse. This is the success of this rule of law based approach that Indonesia has been taking.    Mr. Murphy. Yes, thank you, Congresswoman. Online messaging is one of those tools that ISIL has used to some effect in Southeast Asia with its messages of falsehoods, of mischaracterizing Islam and supposed threats against Islam.    Mr. Murphy. That is correct. It is a global challenge. So Southeast Asia is not immune from it. The countries that we partner with in this region understand that very, very well. Malaysia, with its stepped-up cooperation with the international community initiated on its own a messaging center that will have regional reach. They plan to stand that up in the coming months in Kuala Lumpur and we look forward to being there, being there and supporting this process. It takes a lot of work to counter the messaging and it has to be from our perspective a local effort. That can't be done from the United States or elsewhere. We have good partners, not just in government, but in civil society. I will give you an example, Congresswoman. In Indonesia, two of the largest Islamic civil society organizations in the world are located there and are some of the most vocal voices when it comes to condemning ISIL and the message of hatred. Those are the kind of partners we are looking at empowering, working with to help with this counter messaging kind of effort.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Congressman. Indeed, a subunit, a splinter group of the ASG was involved in a conflict with Filipino security forces over the weekend. We understand this cost the lives of several dozen Filipino security force members and we express our deepest condolences. This kind of violence, kind of conflict, costs real in terms of human lives and local security.    However, it does not diminish the fact that the Philippines has had success in recent years in degrading the capabilities of this particular group. Small numbers are left. They are a threat. The Philippines is taking it very seriously, but achieving success.    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Chairman, I will again thank you for leading a delegation out to Indonesia and would encourage all members of the committee to visit Southeast Asia. Our embassies and consulates will take good care of you and you can see first hand our engagement across the board in Southeast Asia which is really----    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will carry that message directly to Jakarta in a week and a half when I will be with our Ambassador Blake and his team. Thank you very much for that.    You know, you have identified one of the issues that we watch very closely and that is what are the vulnerabilities to extremism? And what are the drivers? And there are a whole host and my colleagues can speak to that as well in terms of social inequities, economic opportunities. For some, it might be religious related. I think the important thing to look at from the U.S. perspective is our whole of government broad approach to Southeast Asia, our rebalance to Asia under this administration, but our engagement in so many different areas. Youth is one of them, youth and education. We have a young, Southeast Asia leadership initiative, YSEALI, that has been enormously successful in drawing over 50,000 Southeast Asian youth to partner with our missions, with our President, to engage in a whole host of opportunities, innovation, technology, education exchanges. These are the future leaders of the region and the youth hold a lot of promise.    I don't think we see any particular vulnerabilities in religious faith-based schools and education institutions, but we do see a very broad need for local governments, local entities to message very carefully to counter the false messaging that is coming from ISIL. And schools and youth would be no exception.