    Ms. Kelly. Good afternoon, Chairman Wenstrup and Ranking Member Takano and distinguished members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today joined by my colleagues from the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Labor to discuss the status of implementing the redesigned TAP.    Redesigning TAP in collaboration are our interagency partners brings together a unique set of capabilities benefitting approximately one million servicemembers separating from active duty over the next four years. The foundation of the redesigned TAP is a set of career-readiness standards that are verified for all transitioning servicemembers during a Capstone event no later than 90 days prior to separation. If career readiness standards are not met, the servicemembers are provided further training or a warm hand-over to interagency partners who ensure servicemembers receive post-separation assistance.    Part of the redesign includes the robust transition GPS curriculum, goals, plan, success. It builds the skills that transitioning servicemembers will need to meet career-readiness standards and it is now fully implemented at 206 military sites in the United States and overseas. In addition to VOW Act mandated requirements, transition GPS includes modules for financial planning and a military occupational code crosswalk to civilian workforce skills. It also includes three supplement training tracks, accessing higher education, career technical training and entrepreneurship. To ensure that all servicemembers have access to the transition GPS regardless of their duty, station or location, we have made it available virtually on DoD's Joint Knowledge Online platform.    Another area of substantial progress is within our evaluation and assessment of TAP. DoD, in collaboration with our partners developed a TAP-evaluation strategy to address three overarching goals, accountability, customer satisfaction, and program effectiveness with long-term measures being developed by VA, DoL, and the Small Business Administration. Outcome measures are a priority for the TAP evaluations strategy, beginning with VOW Act and career-readiness standards compliance.    Based on the Defense Manpower Data Center, verified data for fiscal year to date 2015 across the services, that compliance for their active-duty servicemembers ranged from 91 to 97 percent. These results account for three-quarters of the members who are separated from active duty. We realize, however, that we must work hard to close the remaining reporting gap.    In fiscal year 2014, we also focused an commune indicating our redesigned TAP to servicemembers. Throughout the month of September, 2014, we conducted a comprehensive communications campaign. For your reference, we have provided materials to each one of the members of the subcommittee. This year we shifted our focus to implementation of the Military Life Cycle TAP Transition Model. This marks a major cultural shift for the Department. In December, 2014, the military services reported to the White House that Military Life Cycle Transition preparation was fully implemented at their installations, which the new TAP interagency governing structure will continue to monitor and improve.    Your continued support is greatly appreciated and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Kelly. Well, we recognize that data tracking and the tracking of our servicemembers as they went through the redesigned TAP would be a concern, so what we have done is we developed, through the Capstone process, which is part of the TAP redesign, is a completion of a new defense form. So every single servicemember who is transitioning and separates, just like they get a DD214 also gets a new copy of this form. That data is fed to the Defense Management Data Center and we have established a web service that will allow our partners to tap into that data and track those servicemembers. That IT architecture and those business cases and those approvals are still going through the processes right now.    But what we are also doing through DMDC, again, it is the Defense Manpower Data Center, is to actually pilot with eight states the flow of the data from the DD214 on every servicemember to each of those states. We are piloting that because as you go to each state, the ability of the states and the local communities to capture that data and to secure that data varies from one state to the next. So it is an IT architecture issue within each one of the states that has to be addressed. But we started that pilot in January and we will see how that progresses and report out to you the results of that once that pilot is completed.    Dr. Kelly . I want to thank you, Mr. Coy, Dr. Kelly, I want to commend the Department of Defense for it is Military Life Cycle concept. I am just wondering if there is an opportunity for you all to think about when a servicemember might identify an interest in a higher education, and if there is a possibility of being able to assess that student or that servicemember in terms of their college-readiness and then find ways to encourage that student years before, sometime before they exit to begin to address any readiness issues they might have, and even if the Defense Department could encourage that to happen?    Ms. Kelly. Well, I wish the DoD could take credit for the Military Life Cycle TAP singularly, but that was a concept that was developed by the Task Force and was the bedrock of the TAP redesign. We developed the transitioning GPS curriculum, reverse engineered it to build the career-readiness standards, but all along, the fourth recommendation to the president was to embed that entire curriculum across Military Life Cycle touch points.    So, for instance, to your point about assessments, one of the career-readiness standards is an educational assessment and that is to be done at the first duty site of the servicemembers, so that is a career-readiness standard.    Ms. Kelly. Sure.    Ms. Kelly. Happy to provide it.    Ms. Kelly. Actually, each one of the services was required to provide their plan on how they were going to educate the commanders for their new responsibilities for the entire transition GPS, as well as that Capstone. So that is taking place in the service schoolhouses, commanders' and leadership courses right now. The commanders, or someone in the chain of command, it is a mandate to have those career-readiness standards reviewed and signed off by the commander or the commander's designee, as well as the transition staff because commanders may or may not have the expertise in all of the career-readiness standards. So the review is first conducted by the transition staff. It's also signed off by the servicemember.    If a career-readiness standard is not met in the servicemember's personal goal pathway, if you allow me that word, the warm handoff to one of our partner agencies is also documented. So the staff member to whom that warm hand-over is given is actually documented again on that DD form.    We are not seeing a problem with either the commanders or the commander's designee signing off on those DD forms.