    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you, very much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it. Thanks to the panel for their testimony today.    I have a couple of questions. Chairman Wheeler, I understand that a lot of robocalls or automated text messages are an unwelcome part of modern life and should be limited, as they are now, under the telephone Consumer Protection Act but in some cases, consumers, customers have a legitimate need and a real desire to receive important information from some businesses. For example, utilities may need to contact their customers with information about outages, repairs, service restoration or other important service updates. This is especially true in a situation we face in Florida when we have hurricanes and tropical storms. So, it is a public safety issue.    I understand there is a petition from electric and gas utilities currently pending at the Commission to clarify that the TCPA does not apply to non-telemarketing informational communications from utilities to their customers. Does the Commission plan to act on this or can you comment on the status of the petition, please?    Mr. Bilirakis. Please do. Please do. Thank you.    I have a second question for Chairman Wheeler. We recently had FirstNet up here, along with your Public Safety Bureau. One of the things we discussed was the level of coordination between FCC and FirstNet on closing FCC field offices, since the field agents play a critical role, I am sure you will agree in resolving interference to public safety communications. Yet, I still don't have a clear answer to my question.    Was there any consultation between FirstNet and the FCC about reducing the size of the field office presence? And a simple yes or no will do.    Mr. Bilirakis. You don't believe so?    Mr. Bilirakis. That is probably a no. Is that correct?    Mr. Bilirakis. Yes, OK.    Mr. Bilirakis. All right.    Commissioners Pai and O'Rielly, the market definition in the chairman's set top box proposal seems divorced from the reality of how consumers watch video today. The video market already competes for consumers getting numerous viewing options, based on single programs channels or bundles.    Isn't the FCC's market definition backward-looking, considering where the market is going? What do you think?    Mr. Bilirakis. Mr. O'Rielly, please?    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you.    Next question for the entire panel. Is the Commission worried about all the automated telephone dialing system cases being decided in court on a case-by-case basis? Should the Commission revisit the definition and help to bring clarity to the issue so that businesses can have clearer guidance? We will start with the chairman, please.    Mr. Bilirakis. Commissioner Clyburn, please?    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you. Any other commissioner wish to comment?    Mr. Bilirakis. Mr. Pai, should the Commission revisit the definition and help to bring clarity to the issues so that business have clear guidance?    Mr. Bilirakis. Commissioner O'Rielly?    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you. I yield back, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.