    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I ask unanimous consent that the ranking member's statement be entered into the record.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Mrs. Davis. We look forward to Ranking Member Smith returning, hopefully within a few weeks, absolutely. And it has been an honor to try and help out in this role.    As we know, and, Generals, you are here to discuss again how complex and a dangerous place the world is today, unpredictable. And we know that there are at least five key national security challenges that are driving defense planning and budgeting. All of them key, all of them critical, and we look forward to your comments today.    It is so important for us to receive clear objective and comprehensive assessments from the defense intelligence community. A deep and clear understanding of these threats, and the trends and developments that drive them, is fundamental to the committee's work in shaping the defense budget, and in helping the Department of Defense and the rest of the national security establishment perform their duties effectively.    So we look forward to your comments. I know I would like to discuss our priorities, and how perhaps those are changing. We certainly acknowledge your difficult and challenging work. And thank you again for being here today.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady.    We are pleased to welcome back before the committee, Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, and welcome, I believe for the first time, at least in this capacity, the Director of Intelligence for the Joint Staff, Major General James Marrs, our witnesses today. Thank you both for being here.    Without objection, your complete written statements will be made part of the record, and we would be pleased to hear any oral comments you would like to make at this time. General Stewart.    General Stewart. Chairman Thornberry, Congresswoman Davis, members of the committee, thank you for this opportunity to provide Defense Intelligence Agency's assessment of the global security environment and the threats facing the Nation.    Mr. Chairman, my statement for the record details a range of multifaceted challenges, adversaries' threats, foreign military capabilities, and transnational terrorist networks. Taken together, these issues reflect the diversity, scope, and complexity of today's challenges to our national security.    In my opening remarks, I would like to highlight just a few of these threats, which represents our five focus areas in all warfighting domains: space, cyberspace, air, surface, and subsurface.    Turning first to the current threat from ISIL. With the coalition engaged against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, DIA is helping the warfighter and our policymakers better understand both the ideology and the capabilities of ISIL. ISIL, as well as like-minded extremists, are born out of the same extreme and violent Sunni Salafi ideology. These Salafi jihadis are determined to restore the caliphate, and as they have shown, are willing to justify extreme violence in their efforts to impose their social order on others.    As the Paris attacks demonstrated, ISIL has become the most significant terrorist threat to the United States and our allies. In 2015, the group remained entrenched in Iraq and Syria and expanded globally. Spectacular external attacks demonstrate ISIL's relevance and reach and are a key part of their narrative.    ISIL will probably attempt to conduct additional attacks in Europe, and attempt to direct attacks on the United States homeland, in 2016. ISIL's foreign fighter cadre is core to its external attack capability, and a large number of Western jihadists in Iraq and Syria will pose a challenge for Western security services.    On the ground in Syria and Iraq, ISIL continues to control large swaths of territory. In 2015, coalition strikes impeded ISIL's ability to operate openly in Iraq and Syria, curtailed its use of conventional military equipment, and forced it to lower its profile. In 2016, the growing number of anti-ISIL forces, and emerging resource shortfalls, will probably challenge ISIL's ability to govern in Iraq and Syria. However, the group probably will retain Sunni Arab urban centers.    Turning to Afghanistan: In their first full year in the lead, Afghan Security Forces increasingly conducted independent operations; however, these forces struggled to adapt to a lack of coalition enablers and at high operational tempo, which led to uneven execution of operations. As a result, insurgents expanded their influence in rural areas, limiting the extension of government control. The deployment of Afghan specialized units and their enablers will be necessary to continue securing key population centers in Afghanistan.    Russia: Russian military activities continue at historically high levels. Moscow continues to pursue aggressive foreign and defense policy, including conducting operations in Syria, sustaining involvement in Ukraine, and expanding military capabilities in the Arctic. Last year, the Russian military continued its robust exercise schedule and aggressively, and occasionally, provocative out-of-area deployments. We anticipate similar high levels of military activities in 2016.    Turning to China: China is pursuing a long-term comprehensive military modernization program to advance its core interests, which include maintaining its sovereignty, protecting its territorial integrity, and projecting its regional influence, particularly in the South China Sea. In addition to modernizing equipment and operations, the People's Liberation Army has undergone massive structural reforms, including increasing the number of navy, air force, and rocket force personnel, establishing a theater joint command system, and reducing their current seven military regions down to five joint theaters of operations.    China has the world's largest, and most comprehensive, missile force and has prioritized the development and deployment of 125 regional ballistic missiles and cruise missiles to expand its conventional strike capabilities against the United States forces in the region. And they field an antiship ballistic missile, which provides the capability to attack U.S. aircraft carriers in the western Pacific Ocean. China also displayed a new intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking Guam during its September 2015 military parade in Beijing.    In North Korea: North Korea's nuclear weapons program is evolving, and evolving ballistic missile programs are a continuing threat. In January, North Korea issued a statement claiming that it had successfully carried out a nuclear test, and last month, North Korea conducted another space launch.    The Democratic Republic of Korea displays of a new modified road-mobile intercontinental ballistic missile, during their recent parade, and its 2015 test of a new submarine launch ballistic missile capability, further highlights Pyongyang's commitment to diversifying its missile forces and nuclear delivery options. North Korea also continues efforts to expand its stockpile of weapons-grade fissile material.    In space, China and Russia increasingly recognize the strategic value of space and are focusing on diminishing our advantage with the intent of denying the U.S. use of space in the event of conflict. Both countries are conducting antisatellite research and developing antisatellite weapons, making the space domain increasingly competitive, contested, and congested.    In cyberspace, DIA remains concerned about the growing capabilities of advanced state actors such as Russia and China. They target DOD personnel, networks, supply chain, research and development, and critical infrastructure information in the cyber domain. Iran and North Korea also remain a significant threat to conduct destructive cyberattacks. Non-state actors' use of cyberspace to recruit, propagandize, and conduct open-source research remains a significant challenge.    Mr. Chairman, the men and women of your DIA are providing unique defense intelligence around the world and around the clock, to the warfighters, the defense planners, the defense acquisition community, and policymakers to provide warning and defeat these and other threats.    I look forward to the committee's questions.    The Chairman. Thank you, sir.    General Marrs.    General Marrs. Good morning, Chairman Thornberry, Mrs. Davis, and distinguished members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to represent the intelligent equities of the Joint Staff and combatant commands at this hearing.    As the primary military intelligence adviser to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, I am responsible for providing daily intelligence information to the Chairman, his staff, and many senior defense and national decision makers. Additionally, as the J-2, I also conduct intelligence operations, plans, and policy assessments, and make recommendations to the Chairman, the Joint Staff, and combatant commands.    I share Lieutenant General Stewart's concerns regarding the global threats we face and look forward to taking your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you, sir.    Let me just ask each of you a relatively simple question. Our core responsibilities under the Constitution are to provide and support, build, and maintain the military forces that are necessary for the defense of the country. And a lot of the decisions we make affect not just the military today but the military tomorrow, 3, 5 years out. So the trends, the way things are moving are important for us to try to keep in mind. Nobody can predict the future, but the general direction of things.    So my question to you is, what is or are the primary trends that you see in the threat environment that we should take into account in making decisions about military personnel and pay and benefits and weapons and equipment and so forth? What are those trends that you think are so significant that we have got to keep those in mind as we make the program-by-program decisions that it is our responsibility to make? General Stewart.    General Stewart. Mr. Chairman, I will start, and General Marrs will correct me when I am done.    We talk about the complexity in the world today, but we are looking at breakdown of nation-states as we knew them in the past. We are talking about regions where nation-states are fracturing, and we are uncertain how those nation-states will act after conflict is done. We are seeing resurgence of Russian activity, as I mentioned earlier, where Russia intends to exert its influence on the global stage and will challenge our interests wherever those interests are globally.    China, again, continues to push the envelope in reclaiming territory, disputed territory in the South China Sea that will complicate our ability to maneuver and conduct operations in the Pacific. These terrorist organizations, whether it is Al Qaeda or it is ISIL, continue to push the idea that they will replace the international order as we know it with an extreme ideology.    So whether it is resurgent Russia in Europe, whether it is a rising Iran in the Middle East and the conflict between Iran and the Saudis in the Middle East or it is a competition with China in the Pacific, there are just a range of global actions that we simply are--we have not seen the likes of which, in certainly my time as I have served.    So the world is far more complicated, it is far more destabilized, it is far more complex than at any time that I have seen it, and the outcomes in the next several years will be decisive for our Nation.    And, Jim, I don't know if you have got----    The Chairman. Well, General Marrs, before you respond, what I heard then was the breakdown of the liberal order and the nation-states system is one of the dominant trends that has a number of repercussions that we have to keep in mind as we think about military capability. Now, I may have heard it--but that is what my ears heard.    General Stewart. That is correct, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Okay. All right. General Marrs.    General Marrs. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    I think I would underscore two things that General Stewart mentioned: First, on the non-state side of the house, I think the continued challenge of ungoverned or weakly governed areas is something that absolutely is facilitating the growth of these violent extremist organizations. That combined with the relative ease of access of technology, and specifically cyber technology, that allows these organizations to rather quickly develop linkages.    What I would say on the state side of this is that the real challenge, I think, is the volume of capabilities we are seeing being developed that really threaten our competitive advantage. And principally, what we are seeing in Russia and China is just a breadth of capabilities from strategic systems to anti-access/area denial to even, I would say, a growing adeptness at operating sort of just short of traditional military conflict that is posing a significant challenge in the future.    The Chairman. Okay. I am repeating this back to you just to make sure I understand. So among the things I think you said are erosion of our technological superiority, and that is us, especially versus Russia and China; and then these new forms of warfare conflict are another part of that, at least on the state side, but actually ISIS employs them as well through their social media and other aspects. Is that the gist of it?    General Marrs. That is accurate, sir.    The Chairman. Okay.    General Stewart. If I could. Look at it in three terms: Our resurgence of competitive nation-states that compete against our interests; breakdown of traditional nation-states, generates ungoverned space, generates conflict that we are not quite sure how that will play out; and then the ability for emerging states or even non-state actors to have access to disruptive technology that is readily available across a wide range of networks.    So those three things combined leads to a trend that has manifested itself as a very, very unstable condition in our world today.    The Chairman. Which makes our job complex, because we have got to prepare for everything from nuclear war down to hybrid and the kind of little green men sort of situations where you don't really know what is happening. And that is the challenge that you all face as well.    Mrs. Davis.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, again, for being here.    Given what you have just stated, could you share with us how we then reorder, if at all, our intelligence priorities framework? What are we doing differently? Clearly during the Cold War intelligence collection was important. That obviously has been shifted in many ways to counterterrorism for a number of years. So what is changing, if at all? Why? And what should we be doing about it in terms of resources?    General Stewart. So none of us in the Intelligence Community like to set priorities because we will invariably get it wrong. The area that we think is stable will turn out to be unstable. But I will tell you what I have done. We have got five priorities that I consider no-fail mission for the defense intelligence enterprise.    How do we win the current fight, primarily focused against those transregional terrorist threats, whether they be in Iraq, Syria, or in Afghanistan. That is priority number one.    The next set of priorities are focused on these nation-states who will compete with us on the globe. Russia, as a dominant nuclear-armed challenge to our interest around the globe. Iran, how will Iran behave as it comes out of a sanction regime, has increased revenues, continues to develop missile capability, competes with its neighbors in the region. North Korea, we have seen the level of activity in North Korea, whether it is nuclear missile technology, intercontinental or medium-range ballistic capability, a regime that can best be described as unstable, certainly uncertain what its intentions are.    And longer term, what will China and China's role be on the international order. China presents itself as a peaceful rise to regain its status on the international stage. We are not so certain that that rise will be peaceful because of some of the things that it is doing in the Pacific and globally.    So those are our five top priorities. There are a whole series of contingencies that we are still thinking about, but if you ask me today where I was putting my resources, those were the top five. And hopefully, General Marrs and the J-2 and the rest of the folks are thinking about some of the lesser priorities so that we are not surprised by something that happens on the stage.    Mrs. Davis. General Marrs, do you want to comment?    General Marrs. And I think the one thing I would add is more from a process perspective, so the focus is absolutely where General Stewart said it is. What we are working, along with DIA and USDI , is on what is called an integrated defense intelligence priorities framework. And that is a project that has been underway over the last year, and it is basically to set in place a formalized mechanism where we, as a Department, can better articulate what the defense intel priorities are and make sure that those are clearly linked to the national level framework.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you. And does that allow for some reordering within that? I guess it is the out-of-the-box thinking. And as an example, where would you see that where you actually had shifted in seeking something that you hadn't expected within that framework?    General Marrs. So it is probably premature to say that about this process that is just evolving right now. So literally, we are working with USDI on a version 1.0 of this capability that will see or be unveiled later this spring.    But I will say that, absolutely, a big part of what we have to do is, while we are mindful of these larger strategic challenges out there, that we still have a team that has to play position around the world and be thinking about the things that aren't in the paper right now.    And I am confident that the team has a good approach for that, both in terms of how we as defense or intel professionals think about warning, and really that is our part of the trade craft that helps to avoid surprise. And also at the national defense or at the ODNI level, thinking about tradecraft in the sense of what has been called in the 2014 national intelligence strategy ``anticipatory intelligence.'' So it is even at that level trying to figure out how we better make room for that in our daily activities.    General Stewart. If I could add though, given the five priorities, the five focus areas I talked about, we have done a series of seminars to look at those key areas, and think our way through, not only from the country specific but the regions, what we know today, and really start thinking about what are some of the black swan events that we are not all thinking about, the nonlinear events that could unfold.    And so we are putting in place a process where we think about alternative analysis, black swan events, awfully hard to call. It is interesting to note that one of the events that we looked at in the Middle East was what would happen if the Mosul Dam collapsed.    And we are hearing increasingly now this discussion about the viability of the Mosul Dam and what that would mean. That is something that is nontraditional intel kind of thinking, but it would have significant implications if that event occurred.    So we have got some processes in place where we are thinking about alternative analysis and red teaming so that we are not caught blind looking at Russia, and Iran, and North Korea, and miss some event.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.