    Mr. Lucas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, it is good to see you again. In the working order with which we work through members on this side, we have worked through the subcommittee chairmen, we have worked through the underclassmen who didn't have a chance to ask you questions the last time, that is appropriate, and now you are back to the old guys on the back row.    I share some of the concerns of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that there is a real problem with this liquidity issue on the Financial Services Committee. And I find it seems very hard to argue that this reduction of liquidity has nothing to do with the cumulative impact of new rules and regulations and the capital requirements.    And while we of course continue to work to improve the safety and soundness in the system, it is just as important that we don't lose sight of that big picture of course, that aggregate impact of all these factors, and be ever mindful of unintendedly creating risk and harming the ability of end users to drive this economy and create growth.    I have a particular issue that I would like to focus on for this moment, though, and that is on the leverage ratio rule as it applies to the treatment of segregated margin. This is an issue that increases costs for end users and impacts their ability to hedge risks. And as you know, Congress required that margin received from customers for clear derivatives belongs to the customers and should remain segregated from the banks' affiliated members' accounts.    However, under the leverage ratio rule, this client margin is treated as something the bank can leverage and treated punitively by requiring higher capital requirements for clearing. If end users don't have the ability to hedge their risk, more risk is introduced into the system, customers pay more, and economic growth is harmed. And I think this is an example of the leverage ratio rule and higher capital requirements when applied, I believe, inappropriately, in my opinion, where it actually harms liquidity and increases risk.    As a prudential regulator, can you tell me, why does the rule treat customer margin as something the bank can hedge?    Mr. Lucas. But I hope you agree it would seem to have the effect, by requiring extra capital to cover these margin accounts that are segregated, it would have the net effect of increasing the costs to the end users. I hope you see where I am coming from on that.    Mr. Lucas. Segregating the money makes very good sense, and I think we did the right thing there, but the net effect.    Let me ask you this then. Regulators have been focused on removing risk from the banking system through the capital requirements and the additional regulations such as the Volcker Rule. Risk is going to exist somewhere within the system. If we remove it from the banking system, Mr. Secretary, where does it pop up next? If the banks can't play this role of playing a market, somebody will. Will it be more of a danger to the overall economy than, for instance, the banks?    Mr. Lucas. Historically, the banks in making these markets, it would seem to me, historically have had a perspective of evening things out, consistency, stability being boring. But the entities who are winding up taking their place have historically made their money off of volatility. If we take it away from the people who like to take the wave out, yet give it to people who have made and make more the more intense the waves, it just doesn't seem logical.