    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the witnesses for your testimony.    A couple of things come to mind as I listened to Mr. Goodlatte. One of them is--and I pose my first question to Mr. McBride--there is a model out there that has emerged, or is emerging, that sees rural water systems incorporating septic systems, rural septic systems. I shouldn't use that word incorporate, but incorporate into their business model, not into the water system, where they would go in and build a system and then lease that system back to the property owner so that the property owner is no longer in ownership of their own leach field, but they are paying a monthly fee in order to avoid their requirement that is likely an EPA requirement that they upgrade their system.    Could you comment on what that looks like for a business model, and what that might look like if much of the United States that is served by rural water would end up also being served by a rural water system that also does the sewer system?    Mr. King. I appreciate that direct response, and I look forward to a comment further on that. I just don't know that anybody has looked into that very far to contemplate what that means for, let's say, a county, a state, a nation. I think that goes a lot further than what this Congress imagined. So I would ask you to take a look at that.    Mr. King. I thank you for that.    I would like to, then, turn to Under Secretary Mensah. And, again, thank you for your testimony.    I am thinking in terms of rural development, and have many times, from this platform, said that all new wealth comes from the land. And you can mine it out of the Earth, and you can seine a few fish out of the ocean, but it is fields and mines, and the wealth, actually renewable wealth, comes out of the land itself. So when we talk about rural development, I know that there has been a concerted effort on the part of the USDA to focus on, especially development of our small towns and communities. I do think that is admirable, and it is about the second best way that you can raise children. If you can't raise them on a family farm, you can raise them in a small town or rural area. It is a pretty good thing to promote.    But I am concerned about the regulation we have on top of us now, the waters of the United States. And I lay that foundation for the economic development side of this because the utilization of this land has been driven by a desire for profit from people who are good stewards of the land. And the waters of the United States regulation turns this thing on its head, where it puts our producers in a position where they have to ask permission in order to utilize their property that they have invested in, either in their lifetime or in previous generations.    I wonder if you would comment on what you think the impact is of an EPA that has a reach that--just a moment. I should probably lay a little more foundation on this.    I am in Iowa. So the waters of the United States regulations, according to the map that has been delivered to me, would cover 96.7 percent of Iowa. We don't have an ocean, some say we don't have a beach; 96.7 percent of the state, and the balance of that is in the prairie pothole region that looks to me like they are already designated wetlands.    So it could be that the Federal Government has reached out to put special regulations on nearly every square foot of my state. And there are some 50+ practices that are essentially approved by this proposal, but many of those practices have been developed in my lifetime. So new practices they would have to have permission for.    And I just ask you if you could comment on the threat that this is to put the Federal Government in a position to control crop inputs, to control nitrogen, for example. If they can do that, they can control production, they can limit the value of your land, and that affects rural development. So I would ask if you could comment on waters of the United States.    Mr. King. I would just ask you to couple that into your thinking because the well-being of the people in these communities is going to be directly tied to the profitability of the land that surrounds them.    I appreciate your comments and your testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    I want to thank our panel today for coming up and sharing with us. We appreciate your testimony and your candor. I appreciate what you do. The four of you supervise an important part of the farm bill and the work that it does, but rural America and production agriculture can't prosper without each other. So I appreciate the work you do and I appreciate this morning's testimony.    The Chairman. Good morning. Welcome to our second panel.    Before I introduce our panel, administrative business. Given the really strong showing of Members today, I want to ask unanimous consent that we take the questioning time to 4 minutes instead of 5. We had hoped to have both panels done this morning by 12:30 so we would have time for the afternoon panel. So we will go to 4 minutes for questions for everybody. And rather than taking a formal lunch break, Members are advised that we have food in 1302, so come and go as you please to take care of that, and we will move on to the panel.    I would now like to welcome our second panel. We have the Honorable Ed Avalos, Under Secretary, Marketing and Regulatory Programs, USDA; Mr. Alfred Almanza, Deputy Under Secretary for Food Safety, USDA; and then joining both Under Secretaries Avalos and Almanza, we have Ms. Anne Alonzo, Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service; Mr. Kevin Shea, Administrator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service; and Mr. Larry Mitchell, Administrator, Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration.    Let me, again, thank the panel for coming this afternoon. I appreciate your patience with the morning panel which went a little longer. We are now ready for the report from you on the good work that you do. So, Mr. Avalos, if you would start us off, we will be good to go.