    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding this hearing and for introducing H.R. 320, the Rapid DNA Act. I'll submit my opening statement for the record as requested, but I do want the witnesses and the other participants in this hearing to know how important I think it is that we address this issue.    Mr. Goodlatte. Ms. Wolf, let me start with you. Can you speak about the average turnaround time in your office for DNA identification samples versus forensic samples, including how long does each sample take to actually analyze, and do you know what those numbers are like on a national basis?    Mr. Goodlatte. I'm going to cut you short. Would this legislation help to speed this up a lot?    Mr. Goodlatte. So do you think that this is a good thing for people to have the option here or not?    Mr. Goodlatte. Okay. Let me interrupt. I have a couple questions for Ms. Hess and Ms. Alexenko.    Ms. Hess, is this bill likely to change the amount of DNA testing going on or just the speed and source of that testing?    Mr. Goodlatte. And, Ms. Alexenko, it is good to see you again, and I am very pleased that you keep coming back to this Committee to stand up for this very important thing. And you were very helpful to us with the Debbie Smith reauthorization, and I'm glad to have you back here today as well.    From your perspective, are we making progress on the rape kit backlog problem?    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, thank you. And I hope that you keep working with us so we can see that shift take place.    Mr. Chairman, thank you very much. I yield back.    Mr. Goodlatte . I want to thank the gentlewoman for her very active interest in this matter.    And I want to assure all the witnesses that we are very dedicated to searching for the right answers for how to get accurate information as quickly as possible and to work through these backlogs as well, but not to delay getting action on new cases as they come in. So having a system where state and local law enforcement and Federal law enforcement are enabled to do both is what our goal is, and if you will work with us, we would like to move ahead.    So thank you all for testifying today.    Mr. Goodlatte. I thank the gentlewoman.    That concludes today's hearing, and I thank all the witnesses for coming. I know some of you came a long way.    And without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    And this hearing is adjourned.