    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you both again. You have been incredibly helpful.    I think, I find the need to do this, if we are quoting quotes about what happened to set our policy going forward, I just want to remind people of two. March 16, 2002, from Vice President Cheney: Things have gotten so bad in Iraq from the standpoint of the Iraqi people, we will be greeted as liberators; I think we will go relatively quickly. Weeks rather than months, he predicted, significant elements of the Republican Guard will step aside.    Later, June 20, 2005: The insurgency in Iraq is in the last throes; this will be over during the Bush Presidency.    Certainly mistakes have been made. Certainly things have been quoted. If we are using these things, we better learn from what was said as we are going forward. And I appreciate both of you for your thoughtfulness on that. You have always been there. You are giving us great testimonies today. With that, I think, as Members of Congress, it is important to keep that in mind.    Ambassador Crocker, my question to you is, are we synchronizing with State Department in all of these elements as we deal with, look at Syria, look at Iraq, as you are talking about? Because I keep hearing here, and you hear it in this disjointed silo talk of military action and everything else. In your experience, do you see a synchronized plan, if you will?    Ambassador Crocker. I certainly think this would be the time to develop one. One thing that Dave Petraeus and I did--we were sort of working on this before either of us ever got to Iraq--was to establish a joint civil-military team to begin framing a joint campaign plan. We developed it. It was blessed by the White House, and it was the plan for the whole of government, all the civilian agencies, DOD, and the military. It was, again, our joint campaign plan.    And I think the circumstances now, even less favorable and more complex, badly call out for that kind of broad strategy and a unified strategy. In our system, the only way you get there is for the White House, the President to say, this is what we are going to have. Go out and do it. And I certainly think this is the moment to do that.    Mr. Walz. Well, I agree, and I think, in candor, that is a fair criticism. Because I am trying to understand, one, as you said, what the strategy is, and how that nests in the broader strategy of national security from the 50,000-foot view, if you will.    Mr. Walz. Would it be both your hopes that as Members of Congress, we should all be able to articulate that fairly clearly what that would be? Does it trouble you that you do not hear that or you see, again, in the midst of all this, and it is certainly rightful to be concerned, but as the refugee crisis dominates the discussion as opposed to the root cause of the refugee crisis?    Mr. Walz. I appreciate that. And I think it goes to my point I started with. We need to make sure we don't go blindly, because we do have the advantage of past both successes and failures.    Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. Mrs. Walorski.