    Mr. Lieu. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I agree with Representative Duncan that we're wasting taxpayer funds by bombing in Syria. I have seen no good results from that. In fact, you've seen more Syrians flee. And that sort of goes to my question to you, Ambassador Fernandez, which, I agree with you, that you say that social media is not the cause of radicalization, it's an accelerant. And really the problem is the message. Don't you think the U.S. bombing in Syria actually gives a lot of propaganda to ISIL and ISIS?    Mr. Lieu. So they don't talk about U.S. attacking them or killing them?    Mr. Lieu. All right. So their message is more about building the caliphate there?    Mr. Lieu. And do they say conquer the world? Or they just want their ISIL area?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. And your view is U.S. bombs in Syria isn't really affecting their propaganda?    Mr. Lieu. And does their leadership sort of get upset when their folks get killed by U.S. bombs?    Mr. Lieu. Great. Thank you. And then, Ambassador Wallace, thank you for your public service. I think some of the things you said I do find alarming. I do not believe that the U.S. Government should be prohibiting speech based on content. And if you had the Government sort of refereeing what is propaganda or not, it becomes very problematic because if we're going to start shutting down a Twitter account because someone says I support ISIL, then what happens if someone says, you know, I support Assad? Sort of a brutal dictator.    Or what if someone says I support the Ku Klux Klan? At some point, how does the Government determine what message it's going to shut down and what they're not? And I'm all for what you do and what the private sector does and what non-profits do. I just believe that Government ought not be sitting there deciding what content to shut down or not. And even if we did, I believe the U.S. Supreme Court would strike it as unconstitutional.    And so with that, I'll let you have a chance to answer that. And then I'll yield back.    Mr. Lieu. Thank you. I yield back.