    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, Chairman Barletta.    You know, today's topic explores how the Endangered Species Act affects the Federal Emergency Management Agency's work in implementing the National Flood Insurance Act. Both of these laws are very essential, yet the interplay between these two laws raised several questions that we need to examine.    Congress directed FEMA to carry out the National Flood Insurance Program. But this morning we will have a conversation about the extent the National Marine Fisheries Service should be allowed to direct FEMA, if at all, on how FEMA carries out the NFIP. FEMA currently does not authorize, fund, or license private development on private lands. Yet the Fisheries Service is directing FEMA to either take or prohibit certain actions. That will result in FEMA being responsible for determining whether privately funded activities on private lands may occur.    So, the committee must examine whether FEMA should have this land-use authority, or regulatory authority. Now, the Fisheries Service is proposing that FEMA exercise its authority to prohibit most, if not all, private development in Oregon flood plains. If FEMA exercises its authority, we need to know whether it could be used nationwide.    On the surface, these issues seem to only apply in Oregon. But what I want to learn more about is whether these authorities and directives could be expanded elsewhere. We have several endangered species in Indiana that deserve protection, but we also have flood plains, and property owners who have resided in these flood plains for a long time, and who need flood insurance.    I look forward to learning more about the laws and processes involved here, as well as other issues, concerns, and suggestions for addressing these issues.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Carson. Thank you. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Grimm, I understand that the Oregon reasonable and prudent alternatives required FEMA to change its regulations, guidance, and community rating service program. Will these changes be effective only in Oregon or could these changes apply nationwide, especially in the Hoosier State?    Mr. Carson. Madam Shirley, do the RPAs require the State of Oregon and/or local communities to change existing laws? And, if so, have any laws that need to be changed been identified yet? Will the procedures used by the Oregon legislature meet the timeframe even used in Oregon?    Mr. Carson. Mayor Doyle--thank you, ma'am. You mentioned that you have met with both FEMA and NMFS over the years, yet the RPAs were still developed essentially in a vacuum. Do you feel that either Federal agency considered your comments when the RPAs were developed?    Mr. Carson. OK. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.