    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just got back down to this hearing after a meeting in my office with the leadership of one of the five national labs, Sandia Laboratories, which is in my district, Albuquerque, New Mexico. And, of course, the theme of many of those meetings are the constant threats. Every second of every minute of every day, they are clear that someone, something is entertaining a cybersecurity attack. And it's a constant threat. And they're clear that that's the environment that they work in. They are also clear that they need our support and recognition to be proactive and to do something about these problems both internally and externally. And I appreciate their constant surveillance and their awareness of this critical problem.    I too--before I ask my question--am extremely disappointed in the reaction from this panel at this hearing, that we know that these are issues that we have to deal with, that we are in fact accountable, and in fact you are liable. And what I hear is that none of those really are occurring, that if you don't provide us the answers at this hearing and the answers that we are requesting in the documents, you cannot help us assure that we are protecting or adequately identifying the scope, which means that then you become part of the problem again. And I find it incredibly offensive that that's what is occurring in this hearing. What we all ought to be doing is assuring that we are protecting not only the thousands of Federal employees in my district, and the hundreds of thousands of employees around the country, and the millions of employees who are affected, we are all scrambling to figure out who is the most accountable and who is the most responsible and who is the most liable. And I am expecting much better cooperation.    There is a lot of work to do in accountability, identifying the scope, doing something about the legacy systems, making sure we are prepared for the next potential breach. And as we do that, I do want to focus on how we are treating these employees. And so, Director Archuleta, I hold in my hand one of the letters that many of my employees and my constituents are getting. And I am concerned about some of the aspects of the letter, and want you to talk me through about some of the concepts identified in the letter and how you came to these conclusions and what we might do to broaden those. For example, in the letter, you say that, your information--to an employee--could have been compromised, that potentially affected--I don't know when you are going to find out about that--will receive a subscription to CSID, protection and identity theft, for 18 months. Now, what happens if you have an issue after the 18 months? Is that individual going to be covered?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. So even though the letter says you have got an 18-month, when are we going to know in writing? Because these are lifetime issues. Unfortunately, they don't go away. Once that's been compromised, that's the problem, you're compromised. I don't think that these consequences are just 18 months. And I was interested in how you came with that framework. It seems to me people should know that they're going to be protected by you and supported, irrespective of the timeframe.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I got it. But I want to know that you are going to be responsible and supportive of these employees.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Not just in the short term, but the long haul. So they can expect maybe another letter, something that says, ``We are here,'' because the other thing I would like you to consider--and I appreciate that response--is that if you look at the letter, again, and I read it carefully, we are pushing folks, I get also, I agree, to the right kinds of experience, I hope, contractors to provide that support and identity restoration. I would like more clarity about what that will involve.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. But in addition, you have got to call all these outside numbers. You have to call all these credit agencies. You have to enroll yourself. I would really strongly encourage you that there ought to be a phone number that I can call to OPM.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I understand that part. But in terms of managing and supporting employees, I expect that the organization that's the source of the breach would be available to me and not just outside numbers. And I don't know if you have done any mystery shopping of the toll-free numbers or calling these credit folks, but there is an interesting long waiting period. I would really strongly suggest that we step up H.R. and that there is a quick and immediate response in your own department.