    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. I will use my opening statement to renew the plea I have been making for the State Department for at least 5 years and that is that you employ a few individuals who are hired solely for their knowledge of Islamic jurisprudence, Islamic history, and Islamic law. To think that we can combat Islamic extremist terrorism without a single person at the State Department who has memorized the Quran means that we don't understand the mental world, the theological world that our potential adversaries live in.    We have a State Department with people who think that you can show the evil of al-Baghdadi if you can show him personally executing a defenseless Yazidi. The fact is they will put that up on their Web page as a recruitment tool. We need people who understand that if you could just get a picture of him eating a ham sandwich, that would undermine ISIS and its recruiting ability.    I remember the conflict between the United States and Indonesia over whether Indonesia would give us samples of avian flu and called an Islamic scholar who said, well, we would turn to the hadith about what the prophet said about rabies, which is, after all, just another virus that infects an animal. That is not the kind of knowledge that you can get at Princeton. Woodrow Wilson did a great job. He did not memorize the Quran.    So we need State Department people to be able to have access onsite to that kind of scholarship and to an understanding of Islamic jurisprudence that is every bit as sophisticated as the knowledge we have on the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties and why the Habsburgs took this or that position in the negotiations in 18 whatever when that--we have a Eurocentric body of knowledge in a very smart State Department, and we are going to have to hire just a few people who would never pass the test because it is written by the Woodrow Wilson school and instead could pass the test to demonstrate a real knowledge of Islam.    With that, I yield back.