    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Doctor, can you walk me through the process of what happens when a state medical fraud unit identifies a provider that is committing fraud within the system?    Mr. Mullin. Can the state Medicaid fraud units indict providers?    Mr. Mullin. Communication with our Oklahoma fraud unit for Medicaid, they indicated that they couldn't. They had to basically turn it over to you all.    Mr. Mullin. So they can go in and be fraudulent, billing Medicaid for millions of dollars, and the worst thing that happens to them, they get kicked out of the program?    Mr. Mullin. But we hear reports over and over again about providers that were kicked out of the program for having fraudulent claims, and then they turn back around, change their name, and are back in business the following week.    Mr. Mullin. What is the indicator that you communicate with the Federal prosecutors and say, look, we want this guy to go to jail----    Mr. Mullin . Or do you guys just don't do that? You say, well, whatever, she defrauded the taxpayers millions of dollars, but it is up to you?    Mr. Mullin. Well, it seems like, to me, if more of them went to jail, that might prohibit them from going through. So do we know how many actually end up doing jail time?    Mr. Mullin. Is that a number that you guys can provide?    Mr. Mullin. So there is a breakdown in communication is what I am saying.    Mr. Mullin. I am asking you, because you kick them out of the program, then turn it over, then no one pays attention to them anymore. And if the Federal prosecutors aren't willing to prosecute, then they come right back into your system, no one is paying attention to them, and they end up doing the same thing over again. Because if the worst thing that happens to them is they get kicked out, then it is not there.    It might be something that we might want to look at. Maybe we ought to let the states do this. If they have a unit that specifically identifies claims to Medicaid that the state is issuing, and they see fraudulent activities, and they turn it over to you, you all kick them out, you all turn it to the Federal prosecutors, if they end up getting lost in the chain, why don't we simplify the process and just let the state prosecute them?    Mr. Mullin. But they----    Mr. Mullin . Can't prosecute them, though.    Mr. Mullin. So do you think there is a better way--quickly, because I am running out of time, is there a better way to handle this, then?    Mr. Mullin. Well, to prosecute the individuals, rather than just kicking them out of the program, and not actually sending them to prison.    Mr. Mullin. Appreciate it. Thank you.