    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank this distinguished panel for being with us. And I appreciate your leadership. Clearly, in this war on terrorism, diplomatic, military, and financial means are all equally important to winning this global war. And so I commend the chairman and the ranking member for renewing our task force.    On standing up TTUs in select regions so setting a priority to do that, what is the enabling organization to do that? How do we diplomatically through the Treasury, on a multi-lateral basis, carry out that mission and then aid that being accomplished in a region, Mr. Cassara?    Mr. Hill. During the Bush Administration, when Treasury was standing up with--and as you talked about, Mr. Bock, unfortunately moving bureaus into the new Homeland Security Department, I agree with the comments made that some of that has not been done in the right way. There was a lot of high-level engagement on terror finance, trade-based terror finance, money terror finance.    My question is, to your knowledge does the NSC staff treat this as a top priority and therefore do a coordinative effort on the White House staff to keep a focus on this international security apparatus? Because to your point, these interagency things just don't get done. You have Commerce people, you have Customs people, you have DEA attaches out in our embassies, and everybody works up their chain of command.    And so, while I think Treasury is in charge of this in a general way, had they exhibited that in a regular sort of NSC briefing process? Who wants to tackle that one? And I know you don't work in the government now. You are giving your opinion about how it should be done.    Mr. Hill. Anybody else want to add anything? Dr. Passas?    Mr. Hill. Right. I have been a banker for 30 years, and I am certainly familiar with the money laundering aspect of it, and I have been a Treasury official in my past. So I respect both sides, but you talked about massive false positives and that is a theme that we have heard about consistently over the past months of this task force. We collect a lot of data but nobody does anything with it. And the very people who could help us on a targeting basis are not privy to how to help in a way.    So to me, setting priorities, how that is done, sharing information and having liability protection and sharing that information like we have in SARS now for civil liability in a loan-type situation. Integrating that data and then focusing on it is the only way we are going to tackle this. And our vice chairman, Mr. Pittenger, had an excellent roundtable on Bank Secrecy Act issues where 80 percent of the cash transaction people in the world were sitting at that table.    And they said, ``We could be so much more effective if you just would tell us what you are looking for.''    We do that in criminal investigations. In my old bank branches, an FBI agent or a U.S. attorney would walk in and say, ``Hey, we need to know all about Joe,'' and that was just to a branch manager. There was no legal person involved in it.    And I don't think we need to have this information-sharing. Instead of collecting the hay, we just need to be told where the pen is, and let us go get them.    Mr. Hill. And they are spending millions on it. Thousands of people working on that box-checking piece. But they are all willing to do, I think, they are all very--    And when you are targeted to do a better job on behalf of the American people by being--letting in, is you say, not without the sources and methods now, but just, ``Here is the target list. You need to help us.''    Mr. Hill. Thank you for your forbearance, Mr. Chairman, on the time. I yield back.