    Mr. DelBianco. Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, members of the Committee, thank you very much for having yet another important hearing on this transition. I am deeply involved at ICANN, 30 meetings and five times elected as the policy chair for the businesses constituency, and partly on the inspiration of your hearing last year, I got deeply involved in the transition planning. I represent the commercial stakeholders globally on the transition planning team.    This was a year ago in April when you held the first hearing on NTIA's plan to transition oversight, and I think that what that focused on was the fact that, over 17 years, our government has protected ICANN's multi-stakeholder model from government encroachment, and really helped ICANN to mature. The analogy I suggested to you last year is that the U.S. built this car called IANA in the 1990s, we handed the car keys to ICANN in 1998, when we created ICANN, but we kept the ownership papers, we kept the title close. We monitored their driving and their care of the vehicle for those last 17 years. But, look, it is just not sustainable for the U.S. alone to hold that title forever, especially in a post-Snowden political climate, which really has nothing to do with the DNS, but politically, it is connected.    So the NTIA asked the community for proposals to replace the stewardship role for IANA, and the global multi-stakeholder community responded to the challenge. We have had hundreds of meetings in the last several months, tens of thousands of person hours have gone in, often overnight, since we cycle through different time zones for our friends in Asia, and all around the world, and I can tell you I have learned to keep my mic on mute after 2:00 in the morning.    Our community proposals are an excellent start. I summarized them in my testimony. Let me give you some highlights. We are giving the--for the first time we are giving the community new powers to challenge the Board's decisions and actions via the independent review panel that can issue binding decisions. We are allowing the community to veto bylaws changes proposed by the Board of Directors to veto strategic plans and budgets proposed by ICANN's Board, the power to remove and individual director, and better still, to spill the entire Board if they are not listening to the community.    Now, we assessed whether these new powers give the community the accountability we need in the face of stress tests, and, Chairman Walden, you indicated a certain appreciation for that in the first hearing. Good news, they answered quite well. We did 26 stress tests, and the new mechanisms I have just described allow the community to have the powers we needed to challenge the Board decision and hold them accountable. But there were some stress tests that needed even further changes.    Last June this Committee raised some very stressful questions of our own, drawing on the Dot Com Act to put together a set of requests for GAO, Government Accountability Offices, to analyze the risks and implications for national security in U.S. agencies. Both our stress tests that I talked to you about, and your third GAO question asked, what happens if ICANN quits the affirmation of commitments? That is a great question, because they can quit with 120 days' notice, particularly if they don't have to stay in it to keep the IANA contract. So we took ICANN's commitments in the affirmation, and the periodic reviews of the community, and have baked them into ICANN's bylaws as part of the proposal we released last week. And earlier I said that if ICANN tried to take those commitments out of the bylaws, the community can block that change.    Another is we channeled your second GAO question, another one that came from the Dot Com Act. Said, what if the Government Advisory Committee changed to majority voting for its advice that they give to ICANN? This would truly expand government's power. We said, in the working group, that changing ICANN bylaws was essential so that we only are obligated to seek a mutually acceptable solution to this government advice if the government advice came over with consensus. So let them change their voting method, but only consensus carries that obligation.    Turning back to the proposals that I had earlier, we need details that we haven't provided yet. We were still in draft one, and the entire global stakeholder community has to review what we have come up with, so it will not happen by September 2015 IANA deadline. The timeline I have got here--and in my testimony shows that your Committee's good work on requesting GAO to start its analysis last June is really going to pay off.    They have been at it for several months. I have had two extensive, exhausting meetings with GAO, they are asking great questions, and it would be immensely valuable to see the GAO analysis during the comment period we are having right now, and a second one this summer, that would be a more valuable form of the Dot Com Act than having GAO only start their analysis when we are finished, and after the community has already developed their proposals. So, even with the extension, we really worry that ICANN's Board and management will resist the reforms that we are talking about, because they are tough medicine. Mr. Schaefer will address that in his testimony later on.    The role of Congress in this transition could be critical. We think you ought to insist that NTIA require ICANN to accept and implement the final form of our proposals for new accountability as a condition of getting the IANA transition, and that is why my chart has showed them in the upper right hand corner, to accept and implement, and it will be up to NTIA to make sure that that is the case. We would like you to support, and encourage, and insist upon NTIA to do that.    And I will conclude by saying this is, as you have indicated, our last chance to use the leverage that we are about to relinquish, because this driver is about to turn 18. It is time to sign over the title to this car, but not until we are sure that ICANN is answerable to the community we designed it to serve.    Mr. DelBianco. That is the expensive part, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DelBianco. The answer is no way, and the Administration has been very realistic about it, has already sent letters to the naming and the accountability group chairs 2 weeks ago, saying, how much time do you think you need? And I think that is appropriate. And the community is going to come back and ask for more time. As indicated on that chart, it is a concurrent process, it stretches, and there is a role for Congress throughout. There's a role for----    Mr. DelBianco . NTIA throughout the process. Though there isn't this notion that moving that deadline--moving that goal out is somehow going to empower enemies of freedom and commerce. They already are enemies of freedom and commerce, and any unique role for the U.S. I don't think that we need to worry about providing them an excuse if we end up asking for, in my estimation--I have April of 2016 is about the earliest we could get enough implementation done, but there are others who believe it could take as long as into the summer of 2016.    Mr. DelBianco. I believe it does, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You asked the question what is the best way for Congress----    Mr. DelBianco . To get answers? I will give you two suggestions. The first is to get questions in now, as soon as possible. The GAO analysis generates questions and risks----    Mr. DelBianco . Unanticipated risks and implications. And those risks, if we wait until the end of this process, Mr. Chairman, it will completely mess this process up. We need to hear about your concerns and risks this summer, over the next several months, and give us the opportunity to take care of your risks and concerns.    And the second change is to find a way to give NTIA enough rope to spend time and resources answering your questions----    Mr. DelBianco . For them to be the steward of getting you the answers that you need from the community, as well as for NTIA to assess whether the criteria are being met. It doesn't help us if NTIA waits until the very end to say thumbs up, thumbs down. There needs to be an engagement and an involvement.    Mr. DelBianco. The right plan is----    Mr. DelBianco. Understood.    Mr. DelBianco. The right plan----    Mr. DelBianco. Got it. Thank you. The right plan is to take those risks and implications that you have asked for from GAO, and surface those into the process.    Mr. DelBianco. If, in fact, those risks are not addressed, it should not take anywhere close to a year to say, we raised these risks and concerns for national security----    Mr. DelBianco . And for other agencies, and they haven't been addressed. That could happen very quickly. But it is so important to happen while we are convened. If you wait for us to finish----    Mr. DelBianco . And generate that document----    Mr. DelBianco . In won't work.    Mr. DelBianco. Mr. Barton, Steve DelBianco. I think we misconnected on the earlier part of the testimony, but I would describe the new powers that we are proposing, because 17 years ago, when ICANN was set up, in their bylaws they explicitly took away the ability for the community to actually police them. In other words, a corporation has to answer to its shareholders, who can spill their Boards, and pass resolutions. My members of my trade association hold me accountable, and I think your voters and citizens probably hold you guys pretty accountable too. None of that has existed for 17 years in     Instead, the broad community has to run to run to, well, Congress, or NTIA to try to get a little leverage put on ICANN. We can sue ICANN, and many often do, and contract parties can take ICANN to court over what they are doing. I think that when you look at the testimony of what we have drafted so far, we are giving the community dramatic new powers that are more like those that a shareholder does, or that a voter has. And I think that is how we will police the road.    Mr. DelBianco. Your Honor, if I could react to that?    Mr. DelBianco. Yes. The operational commitments required in 8(b), that ICANN shall maintain a headquarters in California, that is a legal presence and a headquarters presence. That is in the affirmation of commitments, and, as I said earlier, ICANN can walk away from that. So we have made it our mission to move any commitments from the affirmation into the bylaws.    It turns out that one, 8(b), is already in the bylaws. Article 18, Section 1 already says ICANN shall be principled offices California, Los Angeles, California. So it is in the bylaws, and yet the Board could change the bylaws. So another power we described is if the Board tried to change the bylaws and leave California, leave any legal presence, we would have--75 percent of the community votes could block that change.    Now, that may not be strong enough for some of the concerns that I think the GAO will surface on issues like national security, so we may have to turn it into a fundamental bylaw, where 75 percent of the community would have to agree with it, as opposed to oppose it.    Mr. DelBianco. I could take a stab at it to suggest that NTIA operated under a rider over the past year, and, while they are not relinquishing anything, they are heavily engaged at ICANN, because that is what you charge them to do. NTIA is supposed to be at ICANN. They are at all the meetings and engaged. And on March the 19th we were in the middle of a hot debate with the governments over what to do about Stress Test 18. It was the first stress test that I articulated for you at last year's hearing, this idea that the government could change to majority voting and suddenly be able to impose much of its will on ICANN.    A handful of government objected to that, but our government stood tall, sent a very powerful letter to say that if we don't make this change that we are recommending, we won't meet the conditions of NTIA's transfer. So instead of waiting to the end and voting no, engaged early. All it took was a little bit of a phone call and a nudge, and our Commerce Department stepped right up. So they are engaging. I don't think it is spending any extra money, Mr. Pallone, because I think these are people that are on salary, right? But they are spending money to help us decide now to shape this transition, which is not the same thing as relinquishing control. So I guess it all depends on how the rider is written.    Mr. DelBianco. So it sounds as if Commerce could work as hard as they could to help get your questions answered and test the conditions, but they couldn't take the final act of letting go of the contract. Is that an appropriate way to interpret it?    Mr. DelBianco. I am not an expert on----    Mr. DelBianco. I am not an expert on this.    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Mr. Latta. The bylaws that exist at ICANN today are all subject to change by the Board of Directors without any input at all from the community. They get to make the final decision to change bylaws. That has been unacceptable. That is not accountability at all.    So the two powers that are embedded in the proposal that we have been discussing, the first power is that the community, with a 75 percent vote, can block a Board proposed bylaws change. And a lot of this is to make sure that we lock in the powers that we have, although we believe that there are certain bylaws that are more important than others, that are fundamental and critical. So for those, just flip it on its head. For those, if the Board wanted to change the bylaw, it is a fundamental bylaw, the community would have to agree by a 75 percent vote of these members. And we have a laid out structure on who gets to vote, and how. And if the community doesn't get 75 percent agreement, the bylaw does not change. So one of the debates is should this California principal office be a fundamental bylaw, or not? It would be so helpful to get comments from members, and from this Committee, from the Congress, on that particular question, because it is before us over the next several weeks.    You also asked if the community has a sufficient culture of accountability. The community is people like us, and we all are used to holding institutions accountable in our daily lives. It is when we go to ICANN that we sort of give all that up. So I hope that we can rely upon that cultural accountability that we have, and start to fire those engines when we start to work at ICANN, but it will take a few years, probably, for us to learn how to exercise the muscle of all these new powers we have designed.    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Mr. Shimkus. No, it is of vital importance. Think about what would happen. Think about the risks if our .mil and .gov were under attack, or redirected during an emergency. Maybe a coordinated attack that went after cyber structure and infrastructure. And it is particularly different for us.    For 100 countries around the world, their .gov lives at the second level, .gov.ca for Canada, .gov.uk. Since it lives at that level, it is on a server on their soil completely under their control and law--is the root server, and it ought to maintain a U.S. presence for that reason. Now, we can get a contract with ICANN so that the U.S. DOD and GSA have permanent custody of those names, but that contract wouldn't be worth the paper it is printed on if ICANN left the U.S. as a legal presence, and if the root left our shores.    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Mr. Lance. We have 26 stress tests. Four of them do address core naming functions, change failure, re-delegation failure, compromise of DNS set credentials, as well as dotless domains, and innovations of that nature. But in each case, the proposed planning that we have talked about, the powers, give the community and the direct naming customers the power to do escalation procedures on failures, as well as the ability for us to challenge decisions that were made, or inaction of ICANN.    So the proposed community powers enable what we need there, but beyond that, we had no call to do stress testing of the underlying technical operation at the core of the Internet, because tech services at that level, those companies, they have actually been doing it for decades with--and they are tested every single day, I think, with stress tests of real world operation.    Mr. DelBianco. And, Mr. Lance, I might add that the international perception comes down to how we interact, and I say we as Americans----    Mr. DelBianco . Because on every working group, at every ICANN meeting, there are, more often than not, more Americans than any other group.    Mr. DelBianco. Sometimes Americans might be more than the rest put together because----    Mr. DelBianco . Countries don't have the same kind of presence of companies like Intel. So there is a dominant presence of Americans, and we conduct our business at ICANN primarily in English.    Mr. DelBianco. The second is there is a precedent here. The laws of the State of California have served us very well. And while others from around the world chafe when we talk about maintaining the fundamental bylaw for California presence, it is not as if anybody has stepped up with a better idea, and a better place to take it. So there is a grudging acknowledgement that we built it, and have an awfully good system in place, but it kind of bothers them that we are probably more dominant than we otherwise should be.    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Mr. Kinzinger. I agree that we need to be able to reassign those IANA functions of names, protocols, and numbers. But when it comes to what an ICANN does, the policymaking part, it is a huge policymaking machine. It has signed thousands of contracts, and it has to enforce the contracts. I don't think dumping that makes much sense. But what does work is if ICANN is not doing that job well, we will dump the Board. We will get a new Board, rather than a new entity, to do the policymaking.    Mr. DelBianco. Mr. Kinzinger, it is just one of the new powers we are granting, but I will just focus on it, since you asked. But the independent review process has been pretty inaccessible for many aggrieved parties. It is phenomenally expensive. It is as much as a million dollars to hire counsel, to pay the panelists that are pulled together for the independent review panel. There is a limited scope of matters that can be taken up, and it is very difficult for a broader community of aggrieved people to have standing as a group.    So we are relying upon some very smart lawyers not working for ICANN, but working for the community, to dramatically improve the independent review process. We call that the crown jewel of our powers. We are going to make it more accessible, and if it is the community that filed the independent review, ICANN will pay for the panelists, not the community. We wouldn't be able to scrape that together.    They have to use the standard of review that is baked into these newly improved bylaws, so the standard of review will be known, which includes a tight limitation on ICANN's scope creep. And then finally, when the decision comes back from the independent review panel, we are seeking to ensure that it is a binding decision on ICANN that will force them to do over a decision that the community has rejected.    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Mr. Bilirakis. This was one of the stress tests we discussed in front of your Committee last April. And it is a genuine concern that governments together would exert more influence over ICANN without actually having reached a consensus. Today the Government Advisory Committee, or GAC, G-A-C, operates under its own self-imposed rule of consensus before it offers formal advice to ICANN. And when they offer formal advice at ICANN, ICANN is strongly presumed to be following the advice. And when it doesn't follow the government advice, ICANN has to enter a period of trying to find a mutually acceptable solution with the Government Advisory Committee. No other advisor or stakeholder group has that kind of due deference with ICANN. I think it is a recognition of the power of governments.    So many governments have said they would prefer to change to majority voting. It is a little messy to get consensus, and they would like a majority, and I have to express the concern about that. Sometimes there are only 60 or 70 countries at a GAC meeting. If you can scrape together 34 votes for an oppressive new policy that gets in the way of free expression, that would be bad. So we made a change to the bylaws as part of our proposal that we only have to give that due deference to the government advice if it is actually supported by consensus.    Mr. DelBianco. You are absolutely correct. A hearing like this would perhaps still happen post-transition, but the audience for your hearing is not going to be ICANN. The audience would be our NTIA, and we are one country's vote among the hundreds of votes that are on the GAC. There is no special role anymore for the inventor----    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Mr. Johnson. The affirmation of commitments was really an outstanding piece of work by the USA in 2009, and it came up with a set of principles that ICANN had to commit to, as well as reviews it had to commit to allow the community to perform. But these commitments were between ICANN and the U.S. Government. It is a bilateral agreement. It is exactly the kind of thing that the IANA contract was, that would be the next target for elimination by governments around the world who don't want us to have a unique role.    And that is why the very first stress test that I presented to this Committee last April was ICANN, if they were to cancel the affirmation of commitments, we would lose all of that. So this working group spent a good deal of time, it occupies about 15 pages in our proposal, of bringing over all of the relevant commitments from ICANN, and we improved them as we brought them over. And then we took a look at the reviews that are done, and gave the community more power to set who is on the review teams, to sunset old reviews, create new ones, and to more appropriately hold the Board accountable to the recommendations. So I hope that your reading of our proposal will concur that we have done, I think, an adequate job of bringing all of the key commitments from the affirmation into the bylaws.    Mr. DelBianco. Those five powers are simply essential, and they stop short of that fifth one of spilling the Board. That scene is the nuclear option, not the option that would operationally be very useful. But each of those interim steps are, amazingly, lacking today. The community has no ability to block a budget, a strat plan, no ability to block a Board approved bylaws change.    And so the idea of building these powers in came very clearly to the community through a series of public comments that were conducted last summer, right after NTIA made this announcement. So it was very easy to gather a consensus of what powers the community needed, and they are all there, with the intent of being sure that we keep ICANN's management and Board, which is really accountable to the fiduciary concerns of the corporation, to keep them from going off the rails. So I think we are going to be able to answer your question with a yes.    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Mr. Johnson. So far, and I will happily yield to other panelists, but so far the proposals are complementary. They are not competing proposals. There is a complimentary set of proposals on the naming, and protocols, and numbers, and there is the accountability proposal. That is that big second blue bar. And the reason it starts a lot later than the first blue bar is that ICANN management Board didn't want to admit that there needed to be a conversation about accountability. So a lot of this was over the objections of ICANN, but now we are all on Board, and we are all participating.    As for other measures--if I were to start over and invent the next ICANN, and it is like when you ask an Irishman for directions, and he said, well, I wouldn't start from here, it is not possible, I think, to accommodate all of the disruption it would take to tear up and rearrange all of the contracts that are written with all the registries and registrars, all of the arrangements, the policymaking, the compliance bureau. So we really don't think we need to start over with a new model, with a new ICANN. We want to give new powers to the community to hold ICANN accountable to its mission.    Mr. DelBianco. One of the concerns is keeping ICANN to its limited technical mission. So we have proposed a change to their fundamental bylaws to say that ``ICANN shall not undertake any other mission not specifically authorized in these bylaws.'' So it is a much tighter rein to put on it. And the importance of that making it through cannot be understated. We need to be sure that ICANN will accept and implement that change, and not mince words----    Mr. DelBianco. That is a great question, because that role is going to end up falling to the community first, to NTIA, who will basically say whether they support the community transition plan that is up here. And that is why we said to this Committee, do your best to support and encourage that NTIA consistent----    Mr. DelBianco. For the last time.    Mr. DelBianco. Secretary Strickley says all the time that it would be a failure of the entire process if we ended up having a veto. Just like I said to Representative Shimkus, it would be a failure if GAO studied it, and came back and said, this will never work. We have to be engaged now. And NTIA is, and, thankfully, Congress is as well. By engaging early, there is no risk that we get to the end of the road and say, this fails.    Mr. DelBianco. You know, first crack, as the chart I put up there showed, early next spring would be the earliest, and it might go as long as late next summer into next autumn.    Mr. DelBianco. Yes, sir. And I should answer, with respect to work stream one and two, the community believes that, this is in response to what Brett said, we aim to give the community sufficient powers in work stream one so that the Board management cannot block the implementation of our work stream two items. So if we have the powers we have described to you----    Mr. DelBianco . And we get to work stream two, not even 2017, and the Board is not going to concede, that is when we start invoking powers like spilling the Board, challenging their decisions.    Mr. DelBianco. The Board is a--well, it is kind of an interesting and complex structure. There is a Board member that is appointed by a technical community. There are two Board members that are appointed by the generic name supporting organization. We have the country code organizations, security stability advisory committee, the root server committee. The governments have a non-voting Board member. There is the nominating committee----    Mr. DelBianco. 20ish.    Mr. DelBianco. Right.    We have several stress tests about that, and it can be most easily summed up by saying that if the community, the people that actually use the top level domain table, the root table, believe that it has gone off the rails, that governments are suppressing free expression, or commerce, it will take the IANA contract away from ICANN and give it to someone else. And that can be done in an instant. The root table is small enough to fit on an index card, and it can be hosted by others, and replicated around the world.    So the ability of separability, Audrey talked about this earlier, everyone agreed we needed that. That is our ultimate trump card against the scenario you described.