    Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for calling today's hearing on a topic that we are both passionate about. And thanks to all of our witnesses for being here today. I am especially excited to have Dr. Jim Moyer from Washington State University here to share his perspective on this issue, and explain some of the great research being done at Washington State University. Dr. Moyer is the Associate Dean of Research for the College of Agricultural, Human, and Natural Research Sciences at Washington State University, and while the main campus is located Pullman on the eastern side of Washington State, and closer to Congressman Newhouse's region, they also have an extension in Mt. Vernon in my district, and an extension where they are doing fantastic work, particularly in agriculture. So Dr. Moyer has been doing research in the field for over 30 years. Sorry to date you there. I am very proud to have him here. And we look forward to your testimony.    Research provides the foundation for innovation, particularly in agriculture. Not only that, but it is important that researchers have the certainty to see a project through to the end. Starting and stopping research because funding runs out is highly detrimental. As a former businesswoman, I understand that when the Federal Government invests in research, it saves us money in the long run. And it might not always be clear to everyone why basic research is important or what it will teach us, but that work has been very critical. There is even an award called the Golden Goose Award which celebrates obscure science to show how basic research, even research that may sound odd, can lead to major breakthroughs and significant impacts on society.    Last year, as hopefully everyone in this room knows, we passed a 5 year farm bill. A very important part of that 2014 Farm Bill, for my district and for many others, was that it included unprecedented funding levels for research on specialty crops, some of which is being done at Washington State University's Mt. Vernon campus. Programs like the Specialty Crop Research Initiative, SCRI, gives us a great return on our investment. And we are fortunate to have fantastic universities across the country doing all kinds of valuable research. The Agriculture Committee recently held a hearing to mark the 125th anniversary of the enactment of the Second Morrill Act of 1890, which authorized additional direct appropriations for the land-grant colleges of agriculture that had been established under the First Morrill Act of 1862. Not investing in research harms our economic competitiveness, and hinders the important work that has been started in many areas.    I am pleased we are holding this hearing to learn about the innovative work being done throughout the research, extension, and education communities, and to learn about the challenges that you are facing.    So thank you again, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing. And I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you, Ranking Member DelBene.    The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so the witnesses may begin their testimony, and to ensure there is ample time for questions. The chair would like to remind Members that they will be recognized for questioning in order of seniority for Members who were present at the start of the hearing. After that, Members will be recognized in the order of their arrival. I do appreciate the Members' understanding.    Witnesses are reminded to limit their oral presentations to 5 minutes. All written statements will be submitted for the record.    Again, I would like to welcome all of our witnesses to the table. Dr. Hauser, Dr. Moyer, and now I would like to also welcome Dr. Mindy Brashears, the Director of the International Center for Food Industry Excellence, at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas. It is okay, it is not the University of Illinois, and Mike is not here to hear that. Dr. Michael Heithaus, the Associate Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at Florida International University in North Miami, Florida. And thank you for spending a few minutes with your Congressman, Carlos Curbelo, as he came by earlier today too. Dr. Michael P. Lacy, Professor and Department Head, the Department of Poultry Science at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia. And Dr. Douglas D. Buhler, Senior Associate Dean for Research in the College of Agriculture and Natural Resources at Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan. And I ask that you and my colleague, Mr. Moolenaar, take it easy on the University of Illinois this year in football.    Dr. Hauser, speaking of the University of Illinois, please begin when you are ready.    STATEMENT OF ROBERT J. HAUSER, Ph.D., DEAN, COLLEGE OF     Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to all of you for your testimony.    Dr. Moyer, you mentioned gathering genomic data and gene sequencing, and how critical that was, and I wondered if you could elaborate a little bit more about really why this information is so important and what it is used for.    Ms. DelBene. Okay. And then you also talked about the research being done on biodegradable plastic fabric, and that it led to a second project on non-woven polymers to help manufacture biodegradable mulch. Do you find regularly that one project leads to another, and that that is how research builds on itself?    Ms. DelBene. Yes.    Ms. DelBene. Okay. Thank you. This is a question for all of you. There have been multiple studies that have looked at the need for more agricultural research funding or making changes in how we actually fund agricultural research, and as someone on the frontlines, what are your experiences in addressing the funding question, as well as the best type of funding mechanism for competitive awards? And by funding mechanism, I am referring to whether collaborative, long-term, larger grant funding is the way to go, or if, given the amount of ag research funding, whether smaller grants, not just focused--whether smaller grants might be helpful, not just focused on multi-institution work. What do you think is the best bet, or what feedback would you give all of us on how to best structure funding? And anyone who wants to respond.    Ms. DelBene. I guess that is a question for him.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you.    My time has expired. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you, Ranking Member DelBene.    The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I just actually had one general question for all of you, which is, the impact from the recent farm bill on funding for your institutions and for the work you are doing, any feedback that you have for us, positive and negative, on how that has gone so far? And anyone? Dr. Moyer?    Ms. DelBene. Okay.    Dr. Buhler.--we are very pleased that the Specialty Crop Research Initiative, was reauthorized with the new farm bill. That was very, very critical, and I see a nod down there because I believe Washington State, Michigan State, and University of Florida have probably gotten more money than anybody else. So for us, it really is a good complement to some of our state funding, and so we really appreciate that because that has really been an important tool for us to advance our specialty crop work. So we are very thankful for that.    Ms. DelBene. Okay, thank you.    Ms. DelBene. Any other feedback? Dr. Lacy, I see you trying to turn on the microphone.    Ms. DelBene. Yes.    Ms. DelBene. Great, thank you very much. And I will also say, having that long-term visibility I know is critically important because when we make sure that farm bill is in place and that we have it for multiple years so you can plan, and researchers know--those researchers are going to be available. I know is very, very critical. We can't start and stop research very easily, and so that is something else I know is important for all of us to keep in mind for you to be able to do that great work.    So thank you again. And I yield back, Mr. Chair.    The Chairman. She yielded back time, Ted. Wow. No, thank you, Suzan.    Since we are starting our second round of questions, I am going to go ahead and go.    I had one for you, Dr. Heithaus, in regards to the Hispanic-servicing ag colleges and universities. The establishment of the Capacity Grant Program, when first authorized, the number of institutions qualifying was expected to be relatively low. That number has increased dramatically so that now approximately 100 institutions would divide the funding. Should the eligibility criteria be amended so that funding, if appropriated, would have a significant impact on the institutions that receive it?