    Mr. Neugebauer. Father, we just come to You to praise You and thank You for the privilege You have given us to live in this great country. Father, help us to be good stewards of this country. You have blessed it in the past, and we pray that You continue to bless it in the future.    I will just pray now that You would be with us as we have these discussions about how to make a better life for all of our country and, in many cases, things that impact the world. We ask this and all these things in the precious name of Your Son, Jesus. Amen.    The Chairman. Thank you, Randy.    The Committee will come to order. I appreciate our first panel of witnesses being here this morning. Since the Committee organized in January 21 of this year, we have had 24 meetings. We are keeping the commitment to hold a top-to-bottom review of a full range of issues and policies within our jurisdiction. We have held three executive briefings on trade, conducted 33 hearings, and stemming from what we have learned in those hearings, we have had eight business meetings with the purpose of advancing legislation.    I am very pleased with the Committee and the full House that we have successfully discharged all the legislation that required action, including addressing every program in our jurisdiction with an expired authorization.    I am very proud of the work that each Member of the Committee has done to make this happen. I am particularly pleased that we work together in such a strong bipartisan manner. Today and tomorrow, we will have before us most of the Under Secretaries of the Department of Agriculture. Each of these witnesses are responsible for an important mission within USDA. And accompanying our witnesses are Administrators, who actually do the hard work--the deputies get all the credit--of managing these agencies and programs within the larger mission areas.    These folks make up a network of nearly 100,000 USDA employees who carry out the laws that this Committee works to enact. We welcome each of you here today. I know that preparing for these hearings was time-consuming for our witnesses who already have plenty on their plate, so we are pleased that you would commit time and effort to bring your knowledge to us to help us, and your efforts and attendance will not go unnoticed. We appreciate the work you do.    The primary purpose behind these hearings is to connect the Members of the Committee with the full bench at USDA. As our witnesses are aware, each Member of this Committee serves on a number of Subcommittees that cover issues of special interest to that Member. These interests, of course, line up with the mission areas and agencies administered by our witnesses.    In short, this is a good opportunity for constructive dialogue between the Members of the Committee and the Department. It is an opportunity for our Members to gain an even stronger understanding of the policies and issues they focus on by getting under the hood, so to speak, to see how this smooth running machine operates.    It is also an opportunity for our witnesses to gain a better understanding of our responsibilities and the issues and policies that we care about. In a sense, it is about team building. Whatever our political stripes may be, we have shared responsibilities.    And insofar as possible, we ought to carry out these possibilities cooperatively and amicably. I think this goal is achieved more effectively when the members of each team know each other and respect each other. So while our work is always ongoing, I hope these 2 days together will allow us to learn how we might work better together more closely and more cooperatively for the good of the order.    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Dolcini, during the spring and the summer, we received a number of complaints from producers that were trying to get their financing through FSA, and in many cases, they were telling them that it would take months in some cases to process some of those applications. And that began to cause a problem for a number of those producers because they have planting deadlines, and so producers are worrying about planting deadlines, and they are worrying about financing. I was just wondering what do you see as to the current conditions? And then, more importantly, with these commodity prices in some of the areas so low--the farm income, and some commodities--it doesn't look all that favorable, and so then I get to thinking about next spring. Are we going to have the people in place to give them more timely help for some of these producers to get their financing?    Mr. Neugebauer. I think it would be helpful if you anticipate those areas where you think you are going to have the higher participation rate and can get in there early for some of those folks as well.    Something that you and I have discussed before is this payment limit issue where we have producers that have cotton in the loan program and their payment limits and not knowing necessarily exactly where they are. I think you said you all were working on that was the comment that you made last time. How is the work going?    Mr. Neugebauer. Now, I know that you are currently going to be issuing the ARC and PLC payments, but as I understand it, you may be holding up the final distribution of some of those checks until you have done some of the work on determining whether people are in compliance with the limits or how----    Mr. Neugebauer. Well, it is my understanding, just so to be clear, is that you all are in the process of determining whether they are in compliance with the loan limits----    Mr. Neugebauer. Okay. Quick question. The generic acres, in my district, we had some folks converting from one commodity and another, and in some of those commodities, there is not a lot of history on that, and there has been some concern making differentiation between dryland and irrigated, and what do you see doing to make sure we have good numbers?    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Weller, Chief Weller, I was so glad to hear you talk a little bit about the endangered species and Fish and Wildlife. As you know, earlier this month, a Federal judge overturned the listing of the lesser prairie chicken because they found that Fish and Wildlife had not followed its own rules in evaluating the conservation efforts when it added the species to the threatened list. And by the way, I completely agree with that judge. I know that NRCS operates one of those conservation efforts so with the lesser prairie chicken initiative which works with the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, which has been a very successful program, by the way.    So the question I have is that initiative started back in 2010, I believe. So the first question I have, did Fish and Wildlife confer with NRCS about their efforts prior to the listing?    Mr. Neugebauer. And was that data based on, hey, we are having some success here? Give me a little idea of the kinds of information that you furnished them.    Mr. Neugebauer. Why do you think--you were talking about the successes that you have had where you had some of these other partnerships in place. It is my understanding this is one of the larger partnerships and involves a lot more private land than some of the other ones. Why do you think that the Fish and Wildlife decided to proceed with that after you presented them with that data?    Mr. Neugebauer. Wouldn't you say there is a tremendous amount of benefit for having these kind of partnerships and coalitions?    Mr. Neugebauer. I think the concern I have is that this has been very successful. Since 2014, the population has increased 20 percent in just 1 year. I think some of that is conservation efforts. Obviously, we started getting a little rain.    What I am more concerned about is the disincentive that this kind of action sets where you go out and enter into these partnerships and bring these coalitions together, and the reward that they get for that behavior is that the Fish and Wildlife Service goes ahead and decides to list that. So I want to make sure you are doing everything you can to make sure that they have good science, good information, if you are working with these partnerships.    Mr. Neugebauer. Well, I appreciate the regulatory certainty. I think the bigger bonus and the bigger incentive for cooperation is that if agencies and individuals and corporations and farmers and ranchers are working towards a reasonable conservation plan, that we should leave it at that.    Mr. Thompson Mr. Scott from Georgia.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would follow-up with that and say somebody from the farm--I remember the time when if you found a problem, you actually would call somebody from the government because you wanted help. Now I can assure you that that is the last person that most farmers want to call. When it comes to conservation, that is a problem. People don't trust us when we talk about prairie chickens and other things. It seems to me that it is not about the chicken as much as it is about stopping other industries in certain areas.    I would just ask the one thing that we have heard about a lot recently, Waters of the U.S., what do you expect the workload for your agency to be if Waters of the U.S. becomes the system that you have to operate under?    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Administrator Hernandez, one of the things that I have an opportunity to do is sit on this Committee as well as the House Financial Services Committee, and one of the things that we have been working on is housing reform. And one of the things, and I don't have the number in front of me, but when I had an opportunity to chair the Housing and Insurance Committee, we were talking about the number of housing programs that exist across the entire government. And it is a substantial number of housing programs.    As we are in a situation where we are borrowing money to keep our government operating. One of the issues that has been discussed is why are we doing so many housing programs across a broad number of different agencies, and why don't we do housing in one location? So I would welcome your thoughts to why that is not a good idea?    Mr. Neugebauer. Well, I don't disagree that you have some programs that people are utilizing. I think what I am saying is when you have programs in the government, you have duplicative overheads; so you are paying people to administrate that program, but we are also paying people at HUD to administer some very similar programs where they offer either low or no down payment programs.    And so the question, and it is a legitimate question, is I am sure you have very capable people. Those people, if there was some consolidation would be welcome to be a part of, possibly that consolidation; but to me it doesn't make a lot of sense to have all of these different housing programs spread across the entire government, particularly at a time when those direct loans you are making, the taxpayers are having to go out and borrow that money for you to make those direct loans to those individuals. So to the extent that we can figure out a way to do that more efficiently, is appropriate.    Ms. Mensah, you mentioned in your testimony that Rural Development has been working with various partners to best serve America and with these private-public partnerships. Can you give me a few examples of what kinds of partnerships that you are talking about?    Mr. Neugebauer. I want to go back to something that Congressman Conaway, Chairman Conaway, was talking about, and it is something I am interested in as well. That is a great public-private partnership, but there is not a lot of risk to that bank if they have the Federal Government to be the take out for the permanent financing. So I get that.    What I am looking for is those partnerships that want to share some of the risk with the taxpayers. In this particular case basically the taxpayers are taking most of the risk. What I would think more is a public-private partnership is where there is risk sharing. If you all have some examples of where there is some risk sharing, based on Mr. Conaway's questioning and my thoughts as well, we would like to see that.    Mr. Neugebauer. Mr. Chairman, just for the record, the GA reported to Congress that 20 different Federal Government entities administer 160 different programs on housing in our government. I think that is too many.    The Chairman. Quickly, Mr. Rikkers.    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Shea, last fall, 27 Members of the Texas Congressional Delegation wrote to GAO expressing concern about the transparency of APHIS' site reviews in their decision to allow fresh meat from the regions of north Argentina and Brazil with historical risk for foot-and-mouth disease that had been recognized. Specifically, we asked the GAO to open a review of the methodology and the management controls used when APHIS conducted their site visits to determine animal health information. And thankfully, the GAO agreed to do that. I wondered if you could kind of give us an update on the progress that has been made in the GAO review?    Mr. Neugebauer. Can you kind of walk us through the process of why this review is in question, because a lot of people were concerned about where we had a presence of foot-and-mouth disease in that region, that the decision was made to allow us to import that.    Mr. Neugebauer. So you have not been contacted by GAO about beginning this process?    Mr. Neugebauer. Can you double check with your folks and get back to us on that?    Mr. Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. I want to apologize to the gentleman from Nebraska. I didn't see him sitting down there in that hole position, and I skipped over him, and I apologize. You are now recognized for 4 minutes.    Mr. Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman, and now the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott, is recognized for 4 minutes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and ma'am and gentlemen, thank you for being here today. Mr. Peterson asked about the potential for insurance for poultry growers. I, too, am concerned about the growers of poultry, so that is a bipartisan issue and I look forward to a review of those answers. I want to ask about something that has been brought up before, the pecan order. We have a tremendous number of pecan growers in my area. When I had cows, I paid a dollar every time we sold one into the beef industry and certainly thought that was money well spent as a cattleman. And I understand the hearings are complete on the Pecan Marketing Order, and what is the status of the proposal for pecans, and when do you estimate we will see the next action on this issue?