    Ms. Bass. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I actually wanted to follow up little bit on Cuba because I've actually had a different experience. I traveled to Cuba many times and saw them grappling with the issue especially of sex trafficking and prostitution and saw them do a lot of education.    I also recall a time an individual from California was deported. He was in Cuba trying to do sex tourism and they caught him and deported him. And I actually thought that they were downgraded because of our relationship with Cuba at the time and when our relationship became more balanced we upgraded them.    I have some concern about the medical missions and actually some concern about our behavior because one of the practices that we had when doctors from Cuba would go over to South America we would try to recruit them away and offer them special status here and I'm hoping that that's something that we're not continuing to do. Do you know what I'm talking about?    Ambassador Coppedge. I do, and the Cuban officials did discuss that with me while I was down there. I don't think our policy yet has changed on that.    Ms. Bass. Because some of those folks then, instead of going back to Cuba where they could practice medicine would be recruited away, and we've done that in other countries as well and that concerns me where doctors are needed other places. Surely we need them here too.    So the focus of my question is actually I wanted to focus on the United States because when I read the TIP Report and I wanted to ask actually that you make some changes next year in how the reporting on the United States has done because when I read the section on the U.S. it's mixed in, domestic and international and even the domestic is mixed in with international people who might be trafficked.    I'm concerned about domestic sex trafficking that does not have an international connection where the average age of girls in our country that are involved in sex trafficking is 12 years old.    Many of them are foster kids. But from the way this report reads you can't really pull that out. And so if the tier grading is based on our practice from one year to the next, I don't know how you judge us. And then, of course, this is us grading ourselves, correct? I mean, there's nobody else looking at us to say oh, the United States had done wonderful in the Tier 1.    So we have passed legislation around sex trafficking and I would very much like to know where we are with that. So, for example, in this report on page 391 it talks about how we provide comprehensive services for all victims of trafficking. Services, however, were not provided equally.    I sure would like to know where those comprehensive services are. I don't know where they exist. One of the big problems that we have with sex trafficking in the United States is when we rescue the girls we have no place for them to go.    So if there's comprehensive services that are provided by the United States one of the main things we need is housing and I don't know where we are providing that.    Some of the people who are involved in the trafficking are street gangs in the United States. There is no reference to that unless I missed it. So I think we have graded ourselves very well and I'm not entirely sure we have done all that well.    Victims are still arrested. That is acknowledged in one passing sentence here. The victims are still arrested. Sometimes when they are committing crimes that the pimp is forcing them to commit, the girls, the 12-year-olds, 13-year-olds, 14-year-olds, are still taken to jail.    There was a case recently in Oakland where a girl was rescued by a police officer who then turned around and started trafficking her and was trafficking her to the other police officers. So you might have seen in Oakland a couple of weeks ago I think they fired three chiefs in a week and in part it was because of this.    You make reference to a national action plan. Do we have a national action plan in the United States that deals with U.S. girls and boys?    Ambassador Coppedge. Are you ready for me to start? Okay. I really do appreciate your focus on the U.S. and it's only since 2010 that we started reporting on the U.S. and that's actually helped us diplomatically to say that we look at ourselves as well as other countries.    And we do--as you note, the U.S. narrative is longer than any other narrative. We exhaustively look at our efforts. We pull information from various branches of Federal Government.    We don't evaluate what the states are doing. We look at the Federal effort and that is done thoroughly in the TIP Report.    I think it's important that we look at ourselves and that we look at ourselves and what we are doing to prosecute and convict complicit officials so those police officers you just mentioned in Oakland, they shouldn't just be fired. They should be criminally prosecuted for that.    Ms. Bass. Absolutely.    Ambassador Coppedge. And that is something we ask other countries to do and we certainly grade ourselves on those same standards.    Similarly, with respect to the penalization or criminalization of victims, I had the opportunity to speak to the gathering of state attorney generals that was here in DC.    It was a wonderful opportunity to speak to 50 lawmakers about this very issue, about trafficking victims and how they need to not be criminalized by the system that is supposed to help them and many states have made great progress in that area.    New York was one of the first to offer expungement of criminal records for crimes committed as a direct result of trafficking. Florida has gone even further and doesn't look at just prostitution crimes but looks at any crimes that a trafficking victim may have been convicted of as a result of trafficking.    So it's very important that we make our cases victim-centered, that we make sure that we are helping and assisting the victims and you were right that housing is one of the key issues that victims need.    I was a former Federal prosecutor in Atlanta and that was the first thing we needed to do when we found victims was get them somewhere safe so they weren't retrafficked, so they weren't subject to the trafficker finding them and pulling them back into that criminal activity that they did not want to be in.    So housing is certainly an area we look at as well as other services--medical services, education, job training--and all of these are provided by Federal as well as state agencies and NGOs.    There's a lot of government funding going to NGOs to provide these services in our states and the Department of Health and Human Services can better speak to exactly what is being done and we do pull a lot of our data for the report from HHS, from the Department of Justice, and from the Department of Labor.    Ms. Bass. So my state is California and my city and county is Los Angeles and in Los Angeles we certainly passed legislation there that a girl is not ever considered as a prostitute because if you're under the age of consent how can you be a prostitute? It's actually rape.    And where I think more attention needs to be paid is also on the men because the men are called johns. They should be called child molesters and they should be prosecuted like child molesters.    And oftentimes they kind of, you know, get off the hook. So I raise California and Los Angeles because I believe we have some of the most progressive legislation there. But we don't have these resources that you're talking about.    I'll follow up with HHS but I also think we need to highlight that because we might have some of these policies in theory but I surely don't know where they are and if anywhere I think they would be in my state.    The national action plan--do we have one?    Ambassador Coppedge. We do have it and we have actually a Senior Policy Operating Group which comprises of representatives from all of the Federal agencies that work on trafficking matters and they meet quarterly throughout the year.    In fact, we're meeting next week and we hear about what other individuals are doing, what other agencies are doing. We get outside our silos of each agency and we share our practices to make sure we're enhancing each other's efforts and not competing against efforts.    Ms. Bass. Could I see that? Could you----    Ambassador Coppedge. We could get you the--I'm not sure the exact title of the document. We will get it for you, yes----    Ms. Bass. Okay.    Ambassador Coppedge . From the Senior Policy Operating Group. And then once a year that group convenes with cabinet-level officials and the Secretary of State chairs that and that happened in January of this year. So cabinet-level officials came together to hear about what other agencies are doing and to show a combined front against trafficking in this country.    I will say there was an excellent non-governmental organization in Los Angeles that you referenced that had the campaign that there's no such thing as a child prostitute.    Ms. Bass. Exactly.    Ambassador Coppedge. That was a wonderful organization----    Ms. Bass. Absolutely.    Ambassador Coppedge . It really changed the way we talk about this crime.    Ms. Bass. That's right.    Ambassador Coppedge. And I'm very proud of the work they've done and the efforts they've made to redefine this so that we understand that the people engaging in these acts are criminals.    Ms. Bass. It's really important to call it differently which is why it's important to never use the term ``john.''    Ambassador Coppedge. And in the Federal courts I can tell you we do require traffickers to register as sex offenders and I'm pretty sure that most states do follow that practice as well.    Ms. Bass. So in the Federal system also one of the other areas is victim's testimony where sometimes the girls are forced to testify in court and a much more reasonable practice would be for the girls to testify on video.    And I don't know if that's a standard but I think it is one that would be helpful.    Ambassador Coppedge. Again, I will defer to the Department of Justice on the legal standards. I will say that in the cases I prosecuted, I always worked with victims to obtain their consent. They were never forced to testify in court.    Ms. Bass. Yes, but even obtaining a consent, when they walk in and when they see that pimp there, it's very hard even with their consent to not be triggered to respond in a way that he could literally control from the courtroom through the nonverbal communication.    You know, one----    Ambassador Coppedge. It is very hard. But in my personal experience, it was also empowering for those young women to come into court.    We're talking women over the age of 18, young women, to come into court and be able to tell a jury and a judge what this individual had done to them and to hear that he was convicted of what he did to them.    So it's also empowering at some level, and there are protections for juveniles to be able to testify in different manners if they are in danger.    Ms. Bass. I can certainly understand that, and I was specifically talking about girls. But I can understand it could even be empowering for them as well.    So another area that I'm worried about are the unaccompanied minors which is referenced here. We have been in such a rush to, one, get them placed back when we were at the height of that--to get them placed or to deport them.    And so I'm very concerned. When we deported them back, I don't know what we deported them to. I don't know what we did.    I mean the ones that came with parents, you know, I imagine they were deported with their parents but I don't know what we do. What do we do?    Ambassador Coppedge. It's a real problem and certainly----    Ms. Bass. You take a 12-year-old and drop them off in San Salvador?    Ambassador Coppedge. Certainly, migration crises around the world have raised awareness of individuals that trafficking victims are preyed upon during any political or economic crisis and natural disasters as well.    Anything that causes individuals to migrate can also cause individuals to be susceptible to traffickers, to the false promises they make.    Ms. Bass. But when we deport a child who do we deport a child to?    Ambassador Coppedge. I'm not sure exactly. We'd have to check with the Department of Homeland Security to see.    Ms. Bass. Okay.    Ambassador Coppedge. I do know that the State Department has programs ongoing in Guatemala and Honduras to provide services to children to keep them from becoming victims of trafficking.    Ms. Bass. Okay. I know one of the other problems that happened in our country too is when we placed them here some of them were placed inappropriately and placed with traffickers.    I want to just wrap up my testimony because I hear they're calling votes, I think. Is that--so I would like to make the specific request that when the report is done next year that it is separated out so that you can see very specifically the section that deals with U.S. children in the U.S., not international children coming here, and also U.S. trafficking. Does that make sense?    Ambassador Coppedge. But I will say that for--I understand your request but I will say that throughout the report for any country, whether it's the U.S., France, or Germany, we look at trafficking in that country. We look at whether that country has a domestic and/or an international component to it. We call that a transit source or destiny.    Ms. Bass. It's just hard to look at our progress that way of U.S.--of what the problem is going on with U.S. children.    Ambassador Coppedge. What the report tries to capture is what the landscape of trafficking looks like and in the U.S. unfortunately it is both domestic victims and international victims.    We can certainly, and I think the report does highlight services and whether those are going to both domestic and international victims.    There has been a great increase in the time that I have been working in the anti-trafficking field with services provided to domestic victims.    Ms. Bass. I want us to hold ourselves to a higher standard. Thank you.    Ambassador Coppedge. Thank you.