    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to follow up on some of the discussions we have been having about TPP and T-TIP and specifically with respect to dairy. I am from Michigan, and dairy is a very important part of my district. And meeting with dairy producers in Michigan, one of the things we are concerned about is milk prices being depressed and oversupply. In fact, I guess in late August there was a report that dairies in the Northeast and Michigan dumped more than 30 million pounds of milk because of the lack of capacity to process or markets to handle it.    And so as you can understand, our producers are looking for new markets. And one of the concerns has been with respect to Canada. And I am wondering if you could comment on your thoughts on that, and also perhaps mention how you interact with the trade representative in working on these issues?    Mr. Moolenaar. And are you aware, did Canada make some agreements that they would open up markets to our dairy to enter into the TPP discussions?    Mr. Moolenaar. And are there criteria that have been established that you can say, this meets our criteria in terms of opening access?    Mr. Moolenaar. Yes. I guess one of the things that strikes me, and again I wasn't involved in the early stages of this, but my understanding was is that Canada, in order to become part of the TPP process, agreed to opening up their market to U.S. dairy products, and that was kind of a condition for them to be part of it. And I guess what I am wondering is, are there certain criteria that we are going to use to evaluate whether that has been met?    Mr. Moolenaar. Is there a definition of commercially meaningful?    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Gibson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I wanted to ask you, are you the lead agency when it comes to designating wetlands? Would that be your role?    Mr. Moolenaar. Okay. So that is where, when you said that you don't have expanded responsibilities with the Clean Water Act, that is that differentiation, okay.    Would you agree that under the new EPA rule that their jurisdiction has expanded?    Mr. Moolenaar. But I mean, you talk to a lot of farmers. You probably talk to a lot of people. Wouldn't you say their jurisdiction is expanded?    Mr. Moolenaar. Okay. And what are you hearing from people when you hear about this rule? Is it positive? Because the EPA would say that their goal is to clarify. Is that your sense? Are you hearing that?    Mr. Moolenaar. Would you estimate that there will be a greater need for Federal permits because of this rule, if you are a home builder or someone who isn't participating in the program that you oversee? Do you think this will lead to a need for greater permitting?    Mr. Moolenaar. And it seems like they have introduced some new definitions that many people in the--when I talk to the farmers in my district, they are worried that the EPA is going to regulate the mud puddles, the ditches, everything. They are very concerned about it. And are you saying that they aren't going to have jurisdiction over those areas in agriculture?    Mr. Moolenaar. Well, I guess that would be my question to you is, to what extent can you advocate for agriculture in this regard? Because, as I look at my district and hear from farmers in my district, this is the number one concern. And I don't think they believe that EPA is speaking for them. And the question would be: is that something, a role that you can take on?    Mr. Moolenaar. And do you believe it is successful for agriculture, this new rule?    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Gibson, 5 minutes.    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for having this hearing, and also for all of you for being part of this panel. I find it very informative.    I wanted to follow up specifically with you, Administrator McBride. I am from Michigan, and you had mentioned a Michigan report on broadband that you referenced. One of the questions that has been going through my mind is, when you think of a state like Michigan, when you think of my district, which is 15 counties, fairly rural, in wanting to know kind of where we stand relative to broadband and the needs of our local communities, and then how we would work with your office to advance these goals--obviously, you have a state office--and I am just kind of wondering, it is more of a process question is, how do local communities find out about the resources, how do they work with your office, the state office, how would they work with my office, so that we can all be working together to kind of advance an agenda?    Mr. Moolenaar. And if we wanted to share information about the resources to start that dialogue, would we work with your office to send something out or to have forms, those kinds of things?    Mr. Moolenaar. When you mentioned the Michigan report, I have heard that as well in terms of just how just to be competitive, you need access to those resources. Where are we in this whole--and I guess rural America, not just Michigan, not just my district--but where are we, if our goal was 100 percent coverage, where are we in that?    Mr. Moolenaar. And what would be the elements of a plan to get to that 100 percent goal? Is it all a financial issue?    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I yield back my time.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mrs. Hartzler, for 5 minutes.