    Ms. Gerton. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss the Department's efforts on licensing and credentialing for veterans and servicemembers at today's hearing.    Mr. Chairman, as you mentioned, last week the Department's Bureau of Labor Statistics released the August unemployment report. And the unemployment rate for veterans over the age of 18 is 4.2 percent, compared to 5.6 percent 1 year ago.    Ms. Gerton. The total number of unemployed veterans in August 2015 was 449,000, down from 501,000 the previous month, and down 25 percent over the last year.    We believe our collective interventions contribute to these recent positive employment trends for our veterans. And, overall, August was the 66th consecutive month of private sector job growth.    As the economy improves, Secretary Perez and I remain committed to ensuring our workforce meets the needs of our businesses and workers. I know you share our belief that veterans are critical to building our economy. The Department prioritizes efforts to facilitate veteran attainment of licenses and credentials. At the American Legion's National credentialing summit earlier this year, Secretary Perez said, ``we owe to our veterans to break down the barriers to employment that they too often face as they reintegrate into civilian life''. Breaking down these barriers requires the cooperation of Federal agencies, State licensing boards, educational institutions and the private sector.    VETS worked closely with our colleagues in the Department's Employment and Training Administration over the last year to implement landmark workforce legislation, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, or WIOA, emphasizing job-driven training that leads to industry-recognized post secondary credentials, and promotes the use of career pathways and sector partnerships to increase employment in in-demand jobs.    WIOA reflects our shared understanding that training leading to credentials demonstrates skills in a way employers understand, a way to get workers, including veterans, jobs. That is why Congress added a new performance measure to WIOA to track and encourage credential attainment. In 2010, the Department set a high priority goal for credential attainment in our training programs. We have met or exceeded that goal ever since.    With the new WIOA measures, we are confident we will continue to see success. And, of course, under WIOA, veterans and eligible spouses continue to receive priority for all services, as is true with all DOL-funded workforce programs.    Another key department investment is the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and Career Training grants program. Over 4 years, we have awarded over $2 billion to community colleges nationwide to help them develop skills training programs leading to industry-recognized credentials and good jobs. The TAACCCT program has enrolled more than 11,500 veterans through September 30th, 2014. And the last round of TAACCCT grants was awarded last year, but the Department hopes to continue the important momentum and innovation built through these investments.    Our investments have worked, and the latest employment numbers show that, but we recognize and appreciate the value of knowing more. The VOW Act of 2011 required DOL to carry out a demonstration project on credentialing ``for the purpose of facilitating the seamless transition of members of the Armed Forces from service on active duty to civilian employment.''    DOL funded the project with a contract with the National Governors Association to both engage governors in accelerating credentialing and licensing for veterans, and to move veterans into civilian employment by reducing or eliminating barriers to credentials, certifications or licenses. NGA designed and implemented the demonstration project in six participating States and explored accelerated career pathways for servicemembers and veterans in selected, high-demand civilian occupations.    Also, under the VOW Act, the Department entered into a contract to study equivalencies between the skills of various military occupational specialties and the qualifications required for related civilian jobs. We studied 68 military occupations that covered 57 percent of all enlisted servicemembers, and created a more robust military-to-civilian crosswalk for those 68 military occupations.    The Department remains committed to licensing and credentialing efforts, but as we discussed, the authority for credentialing most professions lies ultimately with the States. Many States are identifying and addressing licensing barriers. The President's budget proposes $15 million to encourage more State action to increase interstate portability of licenses, remove other barriers and provide easier access.    Participants in the Department's registered apprenticeship receive an industry-issued, nationally recognized credential that certifies occupational proficiency. Yesterday, President Obama announced that the Department of Labor is awarding $175 million in American apprenticeship grants to 46 winning consortia to train and hire more than 43,000 new apprentices. Some of these programs have specific veteran components, and I am happy to discuss those.    Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, thank you again for the opportunity to testify today. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Gerton. Sure. Let me speak generally about the Department of Labor, and then talk a little bit about what VETS does specifically. The grants that the Department of Labor offers through the State workforce system require a very close integration of local businesses and employers with the workforce boards, and then the State workforce agency or the grantees so that the training programs that we allow States to fund are actually totally integrated in building job pathways, career pathways for that local economy.    It is very much a sort of a centrally-funded but locally-executed program, so the local businesses are required members of the workforce investment boards, and they then drive the training programs that are offered in those regions so that the training programs are consistent with the job opportunities in that area.    One of the powerful ways that the Department of Labor helps veterans particularly that is the VETS organization works directly with employers who want to employ veterans, and we help them take advantage of the public workforce system to build those job pathways so that they can bring veterans in. So we teach them how to use job training programs, apprenticeships, a variety of different workforce-funded options, to create a career pathway that closes skill gaps for veterans. That is the first.    The second is that the Department of Labor, through its network of job centers, can actually work, especially with transitioning servicemembers, to help them navigate from where they are separating from the service to where they want to be. And we have a dislocated worker program. It is a fabulous program, and definitely not as well-known as it could be for which transitioning servicemembers qualify for 6 months prior to separation, and a year afterwards where they can get direct counseling on the skills that they currently have, how they might apply to jobs where they want to be, and then be counseled through the process of filling those skill gaps. Oftentimes with DOL-funded training DOL, through the dislocated worker program, may be able to fund the credentialing test that is required to port that skill to the new State.    There is a great deal of resources here that will link employer needs, in general, in communities and then specifically for veterans so that training programs can be designed through the public workforce system and that transitioning servicemembers and veterans can take advantage of.    Ms Rice. Okay. Mr. Quam, my home State of New York has launched an initiative in 2011 called Experience Counts, which expanded our State's licensing, and higher education credentials to better integrate military skills and training. Now, it is my understanding that over a dozen licenses and certifications covered under this initiative, and that the entire State University of New York and City University of New York system, which was one of the largest State university systems in the country are participating.    So I know that you were talking about how you don't need to reinvent the wheel, I think it was number 4 in your list of five things.    Ms. Gerton. I think there are a number of initiatives already on the table. The interim report is out there, and it does lay out in draft form the blueprint that Mr. Quam talked about. We would certainly encourage those on the committee to take the report back to your home States and share those results, as we have already posted it out to the State workforce agencies, so they can begin working on it.    And career pathways and job-driven training are a huge focus of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. I think that there is an opportunity here for us to continue the type of grants that TAACCCT and Ready To Work and some of the other labor grants represent that encourage innovation in this space, and encourage the development of innovation, particularly course curricula as a result of the TAACCCT grant that is shared in the public domain, so that other folks who wanted to pick that curriculum up already have that written. That is a prerequisite of the TAACCCT grant.    I think there is that. And I think another key piece is increasing the capacity in the workforce system to do this kind of counseling and training because to answer one of Representative Takano's earlier questions about the cost of credentialing, some of those costs are already covered in the public workforce system. We don't need to replicate those costs, we can, by referring folks through the public workforce system, have some training paid for, some of their costs and credentialing paid for, and have individual counseling for them that helps them leverage the variety of these different kinds of tools. This is especially critical for veterans as we approach this issue.