    Mr. Ponce. Thank you very much.    Chairman Duncan, Ranking Member Sires, DeSantis, Kelly, distinguished members of the committee, it is an honor to testify before you on the state of the press freedom in Latin America. I ask that my full testimony be submitted to the record.    I will briefly summarize the work of Freedom House; the current landscape for press freedom in Latin America, which today faces a more severe and diverse set of challenges than at any point in the previous years. They rank--the intimidation, the downward trajectory in the region is terrible at this time, and we can summarize what is going on in the region with a simple word, ``impunity.''    The work of Freedom House has been extended in the whole region. Since mid-1941, Freedom House has been working for fundamental freedoms in the world and has been working the previous years in several countries in the region: Mexico, Ecuador, Venezuela, Nicaragua, Honduras. And in an annual Freedom of the Press Report, the situation in the region is more than sad. Only 43 percent of the region is free. The rest is not free or partially free.    Freedom House has been training also journalists in Mexico in digital security: 1,300 journalists trained in Mexico. We have been helping also the Mexican Government with the Federal Protection Mechanism for Journalists.    In Venezuela and in Ecuador, we have been helping several organizations that works with journalists or support journalists or train journalists.    We have assisted 120 requests for protection from at-risk journalists in Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, Honduras, Ecuador, Guatemala, Peru, and Haiti. This is a huge challenge right now in the region: Extortion, persecution, the use of the judicial system against the journalists. One of three countries in Latin America, 15 percent, are rated free only. The rest, just 2 percent of the population live in free media environment.    We see the same situation from Mexico to Argentina, each one of the countries. If we record each one of the countries, we see the situation in Mexico, in Honduras, in Guatemala. The situation is getting worse. And the problem is the allocation of resources to go against the journalists. We see lack of access to information; lack of resources for the independent journalists and the investigative journalists; persecution directly against journalists; impunity against the attacks against the journalists; lack of protection; the monopoly of the media ownership, and the use of the power of the state to buy directly or indirectly the media outlets in each one of the countries. Abuse for each one of the countries in the region.    In Argentina, since 2008, journalists and media owners have been demonized, persecuted, and threatened. And the relationship between the government and the critical press, it is really critical against all the media outlets. Total control of the use of the power of the state to buy media or to buy publicity in each one of the media and to persecute directly journalists.    Juan Pablo Suarez, editor of the online daily Ultima Hora, was charged with inciting collective violence and terrorizing the population. So it is the use of the judiciary ones and over to persecute each one of the journalists.    We can say that is the same situation in Colombia, a weak police justice system that doesn't work to protect the journalists so the journalists keep facing the same impunity and persecution.    In Cuba, the situation is getting worse. With the normalizations, the diplomatic situations have been improving in Cuba. But every Sunday, we can see the Ladies in White. Every Sunday, we see the persecution against the civil society. We see the persecution not only in Cuba. When the Cubans are trying to leave the country, they also have problems in Panama, El Salvador. They have persecution also by the regime in trying to infuse the long arm of the regime.    We see the persecution in every independent journalist in Cuba. All the organizations that try to bring information outside Cuba have been persecuted. Even bloggers have been persecuted in Cuba. Cubanet has been playing definitely a good role in Cuba, but it has been persecuted all the time.    In the case of the Ecuador, not only is it about journalists, it is about cartoonists, like Bonilla, persecuted by the government directly. The government simply persecuted also organizations for civil society like Fundamedios. Ecuador experienced the second largest decline in the world, the freedom of the press from 2008 to 2013. It is going downward in the last year; 180 cases of persecution in Ecuador, and recently, the hacking team against all the organizations in Ecuador.    Honduras is the most deadliest country for journalists.    Guatemala, 72 organizations reported 177 during this administration of--the current administration in Guatemala. The aggression against journalists, the persecution, killing against the journalists.    Mexico. Mexico has been going downward in terms of the protection of the journalists, and it is not free since 2011, according to Freedom House.    In Venezuela, 1,773 aggressions against journalists documented so far in just 10 years, from 2005 to 2015. And the government control of all the media in Venezuela and now persecution even the Web pages that operate in Venezuela. Seven journalists killed since 2005. There is no independent media in Venezuela.    It is the same situation in Mexico.    Nicaragua, government ownership of all the media in Nicaragua and the persecution of anyone who wants to simply express the right to go and ask independent election in Nicaragua, persecuted by the police, persecuted by the regime now. And we can see that this is a pattern around the region.    Mr. Ponce. Yeah. Yeah.    Now, just a recommendation. We need to publicly express concerns about the situation of the attacks of the journalists, bloggers, citizen reporters, and activists. And we need to also support the independent and alternative media programs in the region; support establishment and strengthen and well fund an efficient program to support mechanisms, protection mechanisms in each one of the countries.    One of the positive things is Honduras has a mechanism. Mexico has a mechanism. Colombia has a mechanism. But they need economic support. Provide support to the Inter-American Commission of Human Rights and the Offices of the Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Expression. And pass the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act right now.    Mr. Ponce. Yes. Thank you very much for your question.    Yes, it is a direct correlation. In all the countries where we see the deterioration of the freedom of the press, freedom of expression, we see that the institutions are not working or that there is no independence.    The worst case is Cuba. Of course, you don't have any judiciary in Cuba. Then you have Venezuela, in which the person of the Congress or the Assembly directly control the judiciary and ask for some people to take some people to jail. Or you have the same situation in Mexico, in which you have impunity; or in Honduras, in which the judiciary is weak; or Ecuador, in which the government controls the judiciary.    As soon as the government begins to control the judiciary, there is no independence, and there is actually impunity for the crimes against----    Mr. Ponce. Unpunished. And, in some cases, like in Venezuela or in Cuba, you have the government directly attacking the journalists.    Mr. Ponce. It is not only in Panama. In El Salvador directly, the Government of Cuba--well, allegedly, the Government of Cuba and the Ministry of Security of El Salvador tried to deport 11 Cubans just because they want to go to participate in an international event in El Salvador. So it is not only in their countries; they are trying to impose also their regimes outside the country.    It is the same case with Venezuela, persecuting human rights activists anytime that they travel to go to an Inter-American Commission, to go to the U.N., they are persecuted by the regime anytime they travel.    So it is not only the impunity for the case against the journalists; it is the government directly persecuting journalists in each one of these countries.    Mr. Ponce. Oh, yes.    Mr. Ponce. You can establish the link between the death of the journalists in Guatemala or the death of the journalists in Mexico with their investigative reporting. They have been investigating a precise case of corruption or precise case of abuses, and they got killed in each own country.    Right now, for example, in the case of Guatemala, you see some journalists, they have been reporting about the campaign and about the abuses in the campaign. And this one candidate, Baldizon, threatened directly the journalists.    So the journalists has been under attack not only by the government, not only by the people behind the power, also for the people who wants to take control of the country. It is a sad situation in the region.    Mr. Ponce. As simple as ``no.'' No, the truth of Venezuela is everything is manipulated in the election. From the selection of their party to the electoral authorities, they violate their own constitution to select the current members of the electoral authorities. They have violated the law, established new rules, changing the rules of the game. They did that before, and they continue doing that.    Instead of electoral service, they are going to have a scored service with UNASUR or whatever is there. They are not going to allow the European Union, they are not going to allow the OAS. Or, if they allow them, it is going to be at the last minute.    This is the time for the European Union, the OAS, or any serious institutions to begin monitoring the investment in the campaign, the control in the media, the capacity of the opposition to fight back. They have been criminalizing some candidates, banning them for participating in the election. They have been also persecuting bloggers, Web pages, LaPatilla. Some of the owners of the media have been persecuted by the regime.    There is actually an activity directly by the president of the Parliament persecuting all the NGOs that work directly monitoring the institutions, some of them monitoring the media. There is no separation of power.    Even the international media, they have been kicking out the international media, like NTN24. They have been also restricting the access of CNN to Venezuela.    So it is impossible with just some blogs and Web page to control what is going on in Venezuela, to monitor the situation in Venezuela. It is going to be an uphill battle for a weak opposition to win a battle against a criminal authoritarian regime.    Mr. Ponce. Yes. The problem with social media only is that social media is also open for the regimes. They have established blogs. They have established their own Twitter accounts. They persecute some of the people that tweet. For example, a reporter who denounced the crime, the Nisman crime, he had to flee the country.    So they persecute the users of Twitter. They persecute the users of social media. But they also create their own media. They create their own blogs, they create their own information. They try to manipulate information. And, in some cases, there are bloggers in every country who are producing information, and it is impossible to substitute investigative journalists.    One of the things that is missing in the social media, in the blogs and all the series of media that we have around, is the investigative journalist and the access from this media to the majority of the population.    In Cuba, it is through El Paquete that the people is learning about what is going on outside, reading the newspaper from Miami with El Paquete. It is not through the social media. In Venezuela, it is not through the social media. They learn from CNN, and they learn from some Twitters and some other forms.    But it is really hard for these platforms to get to the majority of the people or to pay for the investigative journalists.