    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the ranking member.    And I thank the Chair for appearing today. Thank you very much.    I am very much concerned about many things. Obviously, with the Fed, we have to balance the transparency of the Fed with the independence of the Fed, and in so doing, there are some rhetorical questions that I think are appropriate. Do we want Congress to gain control of the Fed? The independence is an important aspect of the Fed's existence since 1913, and the Fed has served us well. Do we want the same Congress--that cannot fund Homeland Security--to have control of Fed funding? Do we want the same Congress--that cannot draw conclusions as to how we should reform immigration in this country--to have control of the Fed? I think it is important for us to have opportunities to have transparency but not at the expense of the independence of the Fed.    We understand the mandates, and the low interest rates have made a difference. I compliment not only you but also Chair Bernanke because he stood fast in some difficult circumstances. And I think the Fed has made a significant difference in the recovery that we find ourselves experiencing.    We have not come far enough. I join the ranking member with her comments with reference to certain segments of society that have been left behind. We have to do more, but I don't want to sacrifice the independence of the Fed for transparency.    I yield back.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank you again, Madam Chair. Madam Chair, it is my belief that prior to 2008, AIG was an insurance company. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Green. And as an insurance company, who knew that AIG was a part of the glue that was holding the world together? AIG, an insurance company by definition, under some standards, might not be declared a SIFI, but by virtue of what AIG was doing, AIG was clearly a SIFI in 2008. Would you please elaborate for just a moment on why you look to see what businesses are doing so as to determine whether or not they are a SIFI?    Mr. Green. Let's talk about income inequality. Why is it important for us to pay some attention to the chasm that is developing between the very, very rich and those who have been not so fortunate in life? Why is this important, Madam Chair?    Mr. Green. And for the edification of people in general, would you give a working definition or a simple definition, as simple as you can, of income inequality?    Mr. Green. Let's simplify what you have said to a certain extent. I greatly appreciate it, but would we look at, for example, what a CEO, the average CEO was making compared to the worker, say in 1950, and then compare that to what the CEO is making today, maybe in 1950, let's just use an arbitrary number, say about 50 times what the worker was making, and now the CEO makes 500 times what the worker is making? That kind of comparison, is that done?    Mr. Green. No, no. The numbers--    Mr. Green. Yes, they are dramatic. And I use those numbers to illustrate just how dramatic things can be, not to contend that they are the exact numbers. But that is some of what we are experiencing, this unusual expansion of the chasm between workers and the CEOs. That is just one aspect of it.    Let's move now to meetings. How many meetings have you and your staff persons attended over the last year?    Mr. Green. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Green. Yes, ma'am, and your staff people. We were talking about meetings.    Mr. Green. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Green. No way to know.    Mr. Green. No way to know.    Mr. Green. How many meetings have you attended regarding Congress and congressional business, leaving your staff out of it?    Mr. Green. Do you decline meetings with--    Mr. Green. Do you decline meetings with Members of Congress? When Members ask for meetings, do you decline them?    Mr. Green. Finally, I would like to get a written response from you on how the President of a Federal Reserve Bank is appointed and how the public can have access to that process and input into that process.    Mr. Green. Thank you.