    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman; and Administrator McCarthy, thank you for being here.    Before I go back to some responsibility questions, let me get to something I think is practical, especially since snowy weather, winter, may indeed be coming to this area very soon. It is expected that snow and wintery conditions will hit the Upper Animas area as soon as early October, which I would assume will impact the testing, recovery, and remediation efforts. What steps is EPA taking to prepare for these conditions?    Mr. Walberg. Can you guarantee that you will not abandon the site during the winter?    Mr. Walberg. How many other sites similar to the Gold King is EPA currently working at or involved with right now?    Mr. Walberg. With this site?    Mr. Walberg. Isn't it true that the contractor, whose work caused or contributed to the disaster, is still working at the Gold King site?    Mr. Walberg. Do you think the contractor that played such a huge role in this disaster should be working at the site?    Mr. Walberg. Just a big yellow plume.    Mr. Walberg. Were they given a $500,000 additional--I guess you would not call it a bonus, but $500,000 additional to clean up the mess they made?    Mr. Walberg. Well, I would appreciate you checking into that----    Mr. Walberg . Because it seems that it is indicated that this company, this contractor, that was highly responsible for the disaster, they were there, and they were able to be there as quickly because they were there. They were the ones that were doing it and caused this spill to take place, but it appears that they received an additional $500,000 on top of their contract to now do the cleanup for the mess that they made. That, to me, does not sound appropriate.    Mr. Walberg. Well, let me get to that, and I appreciate that you have said that numerous times. We appreciate any entity that says, ``The buck does stop here.''    Tell the committee in what ways EPA failed and bears the blame in this case.    Mr. Walberg. What do you think? I mean we can read reports----    Mr. Walberg. What do you think?    Mr. Walberg. And I think that goes back to the contract as well. So----    Mr. Walberg. I thank the Chairman.