    Mr. Capuano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, is Representative Young in the room? Because I was actually considering yielding my time to him. But----    Mr. Capuano. Don Young, did he--I was thinking about it, but I guess not.    Mr. Chairman, I guess--here is my problem. I think we have a pretty good system. Can it be improved? Of course it can be improved, anything can be improved. We have the safest system in the world, most complicated system in the world. And most of my complaints about flying is that my knees are too close to my person in front of me, that I am squeezed like this, that I have to pay for overhead, I am about to probably have to pay for the oxygen, but that is--those are other complaints that the FAA doesn't have much to do about.    My complaints don't really go to the system. Can it be better? Of course it can. And I really look forward to the point where we get over this obvious bump in the road and get to the rest of the bill that we pretty much agree on.    But in the meantime, Mr. Poole, do you own an automobile?    Mr. Capuano. Could I have it?    Mr. Capuano. Why not?    Mr. Capuano. Ah. But the taxpayers are supposed to give over billions of dollars of property to a private----    Mr. Capuano. See, as a Libertarian, I think any time the Government says, ``I am reaching in your pocket,'' call it whatever you want, it is a tax. And when the Government reaches in my pocket as a passenger, and says I have to pay this fee, this fee, this fee, call it what you want, it is a tax when the Government makes me pay that. And I am not opposed to that.    So, therefore, I did pay for it. And yet this bill would have me give it away. I think you should give me your car.    Mr. Capuano. I know it is expensive, but why won't you give me your car?    Mr. Capuano. Why won't you give me your automobile? All right, I won't take your automobile. How about your suit?    Mr. Capuano. You don't give things away, nobody does. And neither should the Government. So that is one minor little problem.    But I guess--can anybody tell me--my biggest problem with the FAA--and I am no lover of the FAA, I have had problems with them, and the air traffic controllers have been great help to me on my local issue. I have Logan Airport in my district, and I have a very urbanized area. And, like everybody here who lives near an airport, I have problems underneath the flight paths of people complaining about noise. It is not new. It is trying to find a balance.    And the air traffic controllers have been great, educating me on what can and cannot be done reasonably to try to address those issues. And I am trying to get the FAA to be as reasonable as other people have been in trying to attempt to get planes where they need to go, understanding there are real people who live under those flight paths and deserve some consideration.    Who would I call when there is a private company and when I have those complaints and I have those issues? And why would the private company give a hoot about my constituents? They would only be interested, as private companies are and should be, in the bottom line. Who do I call? Who----    Mr. Capuano. Well, EPA hasn't been helpful at all. And, by the way, the FAA--this is the part of the FAA that I think is broken. I would really rather work on this part of it, to get to fix that, than the parts that we are doing with this bill.    I don't see how a private entity could possibly care--or should care, again, that is not their role--in the interests of the general public who live underneath these flight paths. And my big concern with NextGen? It used to be funding it and whether it is worth it or not.    Now it is OK, we have got it, and it is kind of hindered and harmed, the quality of life of the people under those more narrow flight paths. And up until this point, no one seems to care except the elected officials. And I don't think this is going to improve that, or get anybody else to care about that. I don't see how this could work.    And again, I look forward to getting past this issue and back on track to get another FAA reauthorization bill done that we can all agree on. And I think it is here, in the substance. Just move it a few inches aside. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.