    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much. Wow, what a great panel you have put together, Mr. Chairman. It has really been a very educational morning. I have been here since the beginning, so I can say that you all have been very helpful in educating me. I happen to be one of the few members of this committee that is one of those evil lawyers everybody talks about, so I need lots of help in understanding these things. But I am concerned about privacy issues, and, Mr. Ivy, your company has some smart meters, as I understand it, and you all have an opt-out provision. Can you tell me what that is important to your customers?    Mr. Griffith. OK. I do appreciate that. I am concerned about all the collection of this data and being able to predict with the new smart grids and so forth what the usage is going to be is very important, but when it comes to an individual house, sometimes, you know, just because we can doesn't mean we should. So I appreciate that perspective. I am excited--although I am having some kind of a technical glitch here, I don't know whether my phone is too close or whether I am just electric today or something--but, Mr. Kamen, I am excited about the technology you are talking about with these small generators. So how small a facility can they be used at, and how big can you go?    Mr. Griffith. All right, let us----    Mr. Griffith. Let us define that small neighborhood. I live on a cul-de-sac with 13 houses, do I need to be bigger?    Mr. Griffith. And as a part of that, because I was thinking about it when the testimony was going on earlier about the storms and the neighborhoods being wiped out----    Mr. Griffith. Well, I am hoping I have time to get back to waste heat, but you said it could use any fuel at--on a couple of occasions, but then once you said liquid fuel----    Mr. Griffith. So if I had a big storm, and for some reason I lost--let us say I have natural gas, which my neighborhood doesn't, but let us say that we had natural gas, and some--for some reason we lost our natural gas, would I be able to drive down to the local gas station and----    Mr. Griffith . Get my tank filled up?    Mr. Griffith. I think this is exciting, and I would love to get to waste heat but my time is up, but I find it exciting from another perspective because one of the fears that some folks have, and I am--probably share some of that, is that if you get a smart grid that covers everything, and you have just a few big providers, that gives a lot of power to a few folks in the switch room. This gives power back to smaller communities and so forth, and I think it is very exciting technology.    Thank you all so much for being here, all of you. I had other questions for others but I don't have time, but what a great panel. Thank you.