    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. There is a lot of discussion about trade going on on Capitol Hill these days. I am glad that you are here. And just a couple of items just for--in terms of OPIC. Is OPIC policy--there has been an on-going problem with a constituent that I have had that his family owned a major company in Ethiopia and frankly, they have been offering like a pittance as compensation for this very expensive piece of property and business. OPIC has decided not to fund that situation. Not to be involved in Ethiopia until situations like that are corrected. Is that still the policy that if a government like Ethiopia is engaged in these type of activities that are denying the U.S. citizens the right to compensation for property that they have confiscated, do we still have that policy that we are not providing loans in that country?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Let me ask, that is good, number one, thank you for that. But is that a standard policy that if we have outstanding claims by American citizens against a particular government that we are not going to be improving or approving transactions in that country?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, let me note I believe that that is encouraging dictatorship and the worst kind of a situation. You have American citizens themselves who have been denied due compensation for confiscated property, for us to go in is ridiculous, but I appreciate the fact that at least in Ethiopia that that is kept in mind because my constituent is having that problem.    By the way, I take it that OPIC is engaged in actually promoting the development of businesses overseas in these various countries. Is that not creating competition for American products?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So you don't have any projects that you are financing to develop, to build in a foreign country, that you are not financing anything that has any competition with American counterparts. Is that correct?    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right, we will check into that, but we will have to see. In terms of the foreign banks that you mentioned about the Export-Import Bank coming to you with these banks have come and said well, you are guaranteeing some loans with foreign banks, but mainly American banks. Do banks benefit from this guarantee?    Mr. Rohrabacher. That's not the question. Do the banks benefit from this?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yes.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay, but the banks aren't benefitting?    Mr. Rohrabacher. The banks are benefitting. Let us just put it this way, they wouldn't be coming to you with customers if they were not benefitting?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay, so we have in some way basically guaranteed the banks the profit that they will make from the deal or they at least will not have a loss from that deal. Is that correct?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Let me just suggest that that is crony capitalism where we take the banks and we make sure that they are not going to lose money and we put our taxpayers' money at risk and the question is is whether or not that would happen in the private sector. In the film business, they have a thing called bonding. You have a project and they bond it. If you are making a profit every year, like you suggest, why don't we just leave that to the private sector then? Can't they do bonding with these banks that are looking for a guarantee that they are not going to lose money?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you.