    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to our witnesses for being here today to discuss the history and future of the Renewable Fuel Standard.    In 2005, Congress established the Renewable Fuel Standard as a way to both reduce our dependence on foreign oil and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The RFS policy also had the added benefit of advancing rural economic development. In 2007, Congress expanded the RFS to drive additional innovation and investment in the biofuels industry. And now, ten years later, the original goals and motivation for the Renewable Fuel Standard still remain valid.    Despite this fact, we will hear today from some who will assert that the RFS is a failed policy and that it should be repealed. I respectfully disagree. Our nation's long-term economic and energy security is tied to our ability to diversify our energy portfolio and to transition to lower carbon energy sources.    Biofuels have an important part to play in this energy future. It would be better if we were further along, but the Renewable Fuel Standard has been, and should continue to be, a critical mechanism for fostering the development of this emerging industry.    In my home State of Oregon, we've recognized the significant opportunities in biofuels, especially with our State's strong agriculture and forestry industries. For example, Red Rock Biofuels is investing about $200 million to build a biorefinery facility in southern Oregon where they will transform waste biomass from forests and sawmills into jet fuel. Now, that's a place that really needs the jobs, down there in southern Oregon. Red Rock plans to sell 6 million gallons of its renewable jet fuel each year to Southwest Airlines and FedEx Express. This type of innovation will greatly reduce the carbon footprint of our airlines and create jobs in an area that needs them.    Additionally, in my Congressional district, Summit Natural Energy converts food processing and agricultural wastes into bioethanol for racecars. And I've spoken with the racecar drivers. They rave about this product.    The potential of biofuels, especially advanced biofuels, in addressing climate change is real and it is something that we should be encouraging, not trying to undermine. Reducing carbon pollution from the transportation sector is critical in our fight against climate change, and the economic costs of not acting are catastrophic.    In fact, a recent report by Citigroup GPS shows that the costs of climate inaction could be up to $44 trillion by 2060. We need to use a variety of mechanisms to curb greenhouse gases, and the RFS is one of these tools. Most recent estimates of the Argonne National Laboratory's Greenhouse Gases, Regulated Emissions, and Energy Use in Transportation model have shown that corn ethanol can produce up to 48 percent less greenhouse gases than gasoline across the entire lifecycle.    Investments in first-generation biofuels are serving as an important bridge to the development of advanced biofuels, including cellulosic biofuels. Just last week, DuPont opened the world's largest cellulosic ethanol plant in Iowa. If done correctly in a sustainable and thoughtful manner, we can produce biofuels that will lower carbon emissions of our transportation sector.    A viable competitive advanced biofuels industry relies on the infrastructure developed for the first-generation conventional biofuels. The RFS was designed to provide market certainty to drive the production of domestically produced biofuels. We have seen what an industry can do when given a strong market signal, a signal that the RFS can provide.    Overreliance on a limited range of technologies and finite resources is unreasonable. Our nation cannot drill our way to energy security and a thriving economy. We must continue to take steps to mitigate climate change. We need to unleash the creativity of our scientists, engineers, and entrepreneurs, and the Renewable Fuel Standard is an important tool in spurring innovation and unlocking our energy potential.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to hearing from the witnesses, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and what an interesting discussion this morning. I really appreciate the conversation.    Mr. Coleman, in his testimony, Dr. DeCicco states that the RFS has been harmful to the environment--I'm following up on the Chairman's question--and that only under limited conditions does substituting a biofuel for a fossil fuel neutralize tailpipe CO<INF>2</INF> emissions.    Now, it's my understanding that a number of analyses, including from the U.S. Department of Energy, indicate that most biofuels do reduce greenhouse gas emissions. We're getting ready for the Climate Change Conference in Paris and we need to do more, not less, to mitigate climate change.    So scientists at the Argonne National Laboratory, Purdue University, and the Federal Aviation Administration have responded to some of the criticisms Dr. DeCicco has raised in writing regarding the ability of biofuels to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. And, Mr. Chairman, I would like to enter this paper into the record.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you.    Mr. Coleman, one of the conclusions reached in this paper is that Dr. DeCicco does not take into account the carbon emissions that are avoided when a biofuel displaces the use of fossil fuels. This displacement seems fairly important. So can you please respond to the assertion that the RFS does not reduce carbon emissions and that it's broadly caused more harm than good for the environment, particularly focusing on the need to consider displacement of fossil fuels? And I do want to save time for another question.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. And then I have a two-part question. There's been some criticism of the EPA on its implementation of the RFS. Some of it is certainly well placed. The EPA has delayed the release of the volumetric obligations for the past couple of years, and I want to note that the proposed biometric obligations to be finalized this month were actually proposed in part in 2013. The Agency received more than 340,000 comments on the proposed rule that year, and evaluation of the comments led to a delay. It's unfortunate, but I still don't think it's acceptable that the program has experienced such delays.    And I want you to discuss how that has affected the biofuels industry. Do you agree that the consecutive delays have hurt investments in the industry and innovative technology and development?    And then I also want you to talk about--we've had a lot of conversations here about corn, but obviously, based on the work that your organization does, there's so much potential out there in this second generation. So if the RFS is repealed, as some are suggesting, what would that do to the advancement of all the alternative second-generation biofuels and particularly all the small businesses and businesses across the country that are working to innovate and come up with new alternatives?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. And my time is expired. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.