    Mr. Connolly. Would the ranking member yield one more time?    Mr. Connolly. Yes. And I would also remind my friend another quote from a very distinguished Justice Supreme Court, Oliver Wendell Holmes, ``Tax is the price we pay for civilization.'' Taxes aren't always bad things.    Mr. Connolly. Real briefly.    Mr. Connolly. Well, I don't know that any lives have been destroyed. We can assert it; that doesn't make it true. But thank you.    Mr. Camus, we submitted questions to you on March 4 after the last hearing. The committee informed you and Mr. George, those answers were due on March 18. We were--I find it very interesting that we're complaining about responsiveness. Let's start with the IG's office. Because if you're not pure as Caesar's wife, you have no credibility and no business, frankly, testifying about somebody at IRS. So you need to be punctilious about your responsiveness.    And I heard Mr. George say, oh, my goal is to be responsive to Congress. Your questions, Mr. Camus, we were informed, were ready for delivery on March 27; nine days late, but ready. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. And why was there a 3-month delay between the completion of your answers to those questions and delivery to this committee 2 days ago?    Mr. Connolly. Would you call that responsive?    Mr. Connolly. I'll get to you in a second, Mr. George. I promise. Don't worry. I won't leave you out.    Okay. I just find it interesting, Mr. Camus, because I would think that would be a pretty declarative answer one way or another, responsive or not.    Let me ask you this: In any way, shape or form, were your answers with that delay changed or suggestions made to be changed in order to conform to somebody else's answers?    Mr. Connolly. So to your knowledge, they remain unchanged but just delayed?    Mr. Connolly. Mr. George, why did you delay this process? Because we only got your answers 2 days ago, and I just heard you assure the chairman in this committee your commitment to making sure Congress has everything it wanted, except from you.    Mr. Connolly. Why did we have to wait 3 months for your answer, and why did you delay Mr. Camus' answers?    Mr. Connolly. Yes.    Mr. Connolly. Excuse me. Even if it is delayed by 3 months?    Mr. Connolly. I'm very sympathetic. I have----    Mr. Connolly. I have elderly parents too who suffer health issues.    Mr. Connolly. But could that not have been communicated to the committee? We had nothing but silence, Mr. George.    Mr. Connolly. Well, you could have said, because of personal concerns, I can't do my job for 3 months, with respect to responding to the----    Mr. Connolly. Well, again, I'm always sympathetic to somebody's personal circumstances.    Mr. Connolly. But there is a concern, frankly, as you know, and Mr. Cartwright and I filed a complaint about you with respect to your behavior throughout this entire thing. And the latest delineation of email numbers that Mr. Cummings provided is very troubling in terms of credibility.    You met with Republican members of the staff without Democrats present. You talked to the chairman and took direction from the then-chairman without consulting with the Democrats, even though standards of conduct for IGs specifically say you should avoid that; that you should always have not only the appearance but the reality of nonpartisanship so that your credibility and integrity is, in fact, adhered to.    And from our point of view, there are real questions about whether you actually lived up to that standard. And you've indicated that your own answer to CIGIE, which investigated you, or supposedly investigated you, exonerated you, but you've refused to provide that answer to the committee. Another evasion.    So we're having a hearing ironically about whether IRS was transparent, whether there was any attempt to prevent the release of relevant material requested by the committee, while you, yourself, have, in fact, been guilty of the same thing. You have not been transparent. You have refused to provide information. You have been unresponsive for whatever reason. And you held up Mr. Camus' answers in the process, which at least could've partially satisfied the committee demand.    And I renew my request to you. You claim that it's a violation of your rights under the Privacy Act, but if indeed your answer exonerated you before CIGIE, why would you want to keep it secret? Why wouldn't you share it?