    Mr. Rosenzweig. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Conyers. I appreciate very much the opportunity to come before you today to testify about the Email Privacy Act and the underlying principles of balancing privacy and law enforcement needs that are inherent here.    As you know, I am a former prosecutor, having spent 12 years in various roles throughout government. I then became a deputy assistant secretary for the Department of Homeland Security with significant responsibility for our counterterrorism efforts, and today I operate a small consulting company, and I serve as a visiting fellow at the Heritage Foundation. From this perspective, I am pleased to acknowledge that everybody on this panel agrees that a warrant requirement for content of email is an appropriate response to changing technology.    It seems to me almost beyond belief that notwithstanding the uniform agreement of that principle, we have been unable to work out the details of how to implement that as a matter of statutory law. To my mind, that principle has its roots not in our agreement here, but rather in the longstanding understanding of the privacy of one's personal papers and effects that goes back to the very foundings of this Nation.    The most famous case of which was the Wilkes versus Wood case. Wilkes was a protestor, much like some of the people in America today, whose papers and effects were the subject of a general warrant. That search by the Crown at that time was one of the most salient effects that drove the Revolutionary movement. Likewise, the Writs of Assistance case, which James Otis famously lost, unfortunately, in Massachusetts, was what John Adams said was the spark that lit the flame of the Revolution.    Today, email are our private papers. The ISPs that transmit my email to you are the equivalent, functional equivalent of the post office, and the cloud storage system that I use to store that information is the functional equivalent of the file cabinet in my office. There is no ground that I can see that is consistent with what the Framers understood our personal privacy and papers to be to exclude that information from the full protection of the warrant.    And I would add that our history of Fourth Amendment understanding has followed the development of technology by consistently applying that same principle. When the Supreme Court was faced with the idea of telephones in the Katz case back in the 1960's, they saw that those types of personal communications ought to be subject to the exact same sorts of constitutional protections. This notwithstanding the fact that of course telephones were unknown to the Founders, and over the dissent of Justice Black who said, you know, history says there are no telephones, if it's not in the Fourth Amendment, it shouldn't be in the Fourth Amendment.    Likewise, as Mr. Salgado has said, we've recently come to understand that the cell phones in our pockets are not just telephones. They are now mini-computers that contain the stuff and substance of everything that we know and understand, so, too, I would submit, with the content of our email communications and our stored data in cloud service providers, whether it's Google, or Microsoft, or Yahoo, or Dropbox, this is where we store our data today.    So what's the debate? What's left? All that I hear that is left is the application of exceptions that are carve outs and restrictions on this general warrant requirement. And to some degree, that has an intellectual appeal to it, doesn't it, because we've had exceptions to the Fourth Amendment for awhile, but I doubt that that's really what the advocates for the exceptions are suggesting, because I certainly have not heard any of them suggest that we should adopt as well the Fourth Amendment suppression rules for when evidence is wrongfully collected in violation of these exception requirements.    The truth is that we've had no--when ECPA was first passed in the 1980's, no exception for an emergency at all. The current statute was added in 2001, post 9/11 at the suggestions of the Department of Justice. So it's kind of passing strange that we would see that exception and expansion of it held out now as a reason to oppose the fundamental changes that are necessary in light of technology.    I would submit to you that the time is ripe for change and the principle is clear. In the normal law enforcement context, police, FBI, and law enforcement officers should have no more access to stored email than they do to our stored private letters. I would urge this Committee to give the bill before you plenary consideration in a markup and move it to the floor for consideration where these issues can be hashed out. And with that, I thank you very much. I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Rosenzweig. There'd be the risk that the exception would swallow the rule. I spent much of my early career prosecuting environmental criminal cases, a regulatory area where the civil regulatory authorities had civil and administrative powers for securing evidence. There was a set of procedures, parallel proceedings procedures, that were internal to the executive branch that governed the circumstances under which those civilly collected evidence could be transferred to the criminal prosecution side for use in a criminal case. Those rules were simply rules of grace at the discretion of the executive branch. They were not statutorily mandated and they were not expressed in any constitutional limit.    There would be at least some risk that in an effort to evade the warrant requirement that was created by reform of ECPA, criminal authorities would solicit the securing of that evidence through civil process under a lesser standard. I do not mean to ascribe ill motivation to anybody in any part of this process. But, nonetheless, the interstitial pressures are very real.    Mr. Rosenzweig. I think it likely is. It hasn't been tested in court. There is a history of restricting civil authorities for constitutionally protected material. There's also, frankly, some law that points to things called administrative searches that might be seen as a validation of the SEC's position. If I were to judge it, I would probably say--come down against it, but nobody makes a lot of money predicting the Supreme Court.    Mr. Rosenzweig. I would say no.    Mr. Rosenzweig. No. That's what Warshak said.    Mr. Rosenzweig. ISPs equal the post office, yes. That would be my summary or stored email equals letters in my file, right.    Mr. Rosenzweig. Oh, you could consent to anything. Provided your consent is voluntary and not coerced, you could. You don't, if the police come to your door and say can I get the letters in your file cabinet, you don't have to require a warrant. You could say sure, come on in.    Mr. Rosenzweig. Yes.    Mr. Rosenzweig. I would say no. But I would have to think about that. My sense is that when I delete the email, I'm intending not to throw it to the curb as garbage, but rather to eradicate its existence altogether. If I'm aware of the fact that a copy is kept, maybe. But I don't think I'm aware.    Mr. Rosenzweig. I share, I would respond by saying I share your concern about the delayed notification provisions, especially the destruction of evidence portion of it. I think that other portions, you know, a risk of physical injury and harm, those are very good. I would point out that 2705 was added in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 as a codification of a longstanding common law that had developed in the courts of appeals that had adopted these various rules for when they would delay notification.    So to some degree, you're arguing with something that preexisted 9/11, preexisted ECPA, preexisted--and destruction of evidence has traditionally been one of those possibilities. That may be something that should change. As for control of one's own personal data in the cloud, I think that there are many service providers who offer different degrees of control over your information. And so I generally tend to be comfortable with the idea that there's competition in the marketplace and that if that's something that matters to you, there are service providers who will promise that they take no interest and will not process, will not examine your data. They may be more costly in other ways than service providers who provide you. So I'm kind of a free-marketist on that one.    Mr. Rosenzweig. Very much so. Indeed, that's part of the ground for at least my personal view that this legislation is appropriate. Given the post-9/11 changes that have empowered our national security apparatus to protect us in ways that I think are appropriate, it's important to exclude from the coverage of this bill those issues. And I think that's something we can agree on. And the construction provision that is in section 6, I guess it is, of the bill is perfectly appropriate to that end.    Mr. Rosenzweig. I do understand your question. I think to begin the answer, obviously, the encryption discussion is slightly different than the one we're having now about the lawful access to content. What I would say about the encryption discussion is that it is essentially a reflection of the exact same impulse, which is that people are seeing increasingly the lack of privacy in their personal effects and papers in their--I like the idea of a digital home, their electronic home. And to the extent that this Congress does not take steps to protect that privacy by law, encryption is essentially citizens engaging in self help and protecting themselves with their own capabilities.    I would say that, from my perspective, encryption is an idea. It's a mathematical proof. It's not suppressible. So if we do not regularize access through things like the proposal before you that will provide comfort to citizens, they're going to engage even more, I think, in self help.    Mr. Rosenzweig. I think I do. I haven't done--I haven't checked precisely, though.