    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for calling this hearing.    General Holmes and General Bunch, thank you very much for your service to our country. I guess either one of you might be able to answer this. I asked this question at a previous hearing, but I will repeat it again.    First, I would like to voice my appreciation for the Air Force's diligent work in moving forward with the acquisition process of the Long Range Strike Bomber. The capabilities that this platform will provide are extremely, extremely necessary to maintain the defense of our Nation and our allies.    So, General Bunch, I will begin with you. There has been recent criticism from one of our Senators against the Air Force's proposed use of cost-plus during the early stages of the acquisition program for the Long Range Strike Bomber.    Now, can you please explain why the Air Force prefers a blended, cost-plus, fixed-price approach for this program and what advantages, General, it provides, in this instance, over the traditional acquisition method?    General Bunch. Well, thank you, ma'am. That is a topic of interest, and I am glad that I get the opportunity to try to address it. Let me start with, there is no one-size-fits-all when it comes to deciding what kind of a contract you want to use on an acquisition program. There are various factors that are weighed out.    On this one, we carefully considered the full spectrum of contract options before a decision was made by the Milestone Decision Authority to go forward with a cost-plus for the engineering, manufacturing, and development.    In reality, over 70% of the program, as it is laid out today, is actually on a fixed-price type contract. It is only the part that is in the EMD phase, is the only part, right now, that is in a cost-plus environment, but the vast majority of it is in a fixed price.    The key factors that went into the decision to go forward with a cost-plus contract were the risk involved. And when there is technical risk and you don't really--you have never built something before, there is a risk that is out there, and a cost-plus environment is more frequently used in that case    In this case, we had mature technologies to meet the requirement, and that was good. But now we have to integrate all of those mature technologies together, which carries risk, and we have to build a never-before-built, low-observable, penetrating bomber and integrate those on it. Those are the main technical risk areas that we have focused on.    The other one that you focus on and that we consider is, can the contractor who is doing this kind of work absorb a loss if one were to occur. The example many point to right know is the KC-46 program.    The KC-46 program is gone beyond what the Air Force cap, in the expenses, but Boeing continues to do that and continue that work, because they have a commercial line that they can utilize and they can continue to get benefits from. And the other piece they can do is they can get foreign military sales.    Commercialization of a Long Range Strike Bomber and foreign military sales are not two things that we are looking at. So the ability of any contractor that took this contract to be able to absorb that and not sell it out, that wouldn't be feasible.    And there are many examples that you can go back and look at where we have tried to do fixed-price development programs on new and emerging technologies, and many of those cases have not been very successful. But that is the reason we went down that path.    We realize that one of the big concerns that people have with this strategy is the need to control cost growth, and that is a focus area that we have had from the very beginning of the program.    We have used mature technologies, so we are not worried about developing additional. It is not--you are not developing a system along with the platform, you are just developing the platform. So we have limited some of the risk there. We have an independent cost assessment. It was done outside the program office, and we funded that independent cost assessment, in accordance with the law.    And then, the other one we have on this program are stable requirements. Stable requirements and requirements control and funding with a good cost assessment from the beginning, studies have shown are the two main ways to control, two of the major ways to control, cost growth. So we are stable on our requirements and we feel like we are in a good position for starting the program.    The other piece that we have implemented here is, our requirements control officer for the program is our chief. He has made it crystal clear the requirements are the requirements and no one else is going to change those. So we have a tight control on those, as well.    The final thing I would say we have done to control cost growth is that we have structured the contract with an incentive structure that incentivizes the contractor in the way we want. If they do not control cost and they do not control schedule, they will, in the end, not get any fee. So we have structured it in a manner to control those cost growths, and we know this is going to be a topic of more discussion, ma'am.    Ms. Bordallo. Well, thank you very much, General. It answers my question.    And I yield back.