    Dr. Cordova. Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, Madam Chairwoman, Ranking Member Lipinski, and Members, I am very pleased to be with you today to present the National Science Foundation's Fiscal Year 2016 budget request.    I would like to begin my remarks with three short stories about breakthroughs in NSF-funded science in 2014. Dr. Danielle Bassett of the University of Pennsylvania was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship, often called the ``genius grant,'' for her NSF-sponsored work on how different regions of the brain interact. She uses MRI technology and computer algorithms in her research, which may ultimately lead to what she calls ``personalized therapeutics for rehabilitation and treatment of brain injury and psychiatric disorders.'' Her work may have application to Alzheimer's, schizophrenia, autism, epilepsy, and Parkinson's disease.    Dr. Perena Gouma, material science research at SUNY Stony Brook, has created a novel nanogrid that when activated by sunlight can break down oil from a spill. She was the first scientist to receive an I-Corps grant and has started a company based on patents from this original research.    Dr. Jennifer Doudna of UC Berkeley was awarded a Breakthrough Prize by leading technology companies. Her inspiration, she says, was her father, a literature professor who introduced her to cryptograms. Today, she has decrypted bacterial immunity, and with that discovery enabled the development of a precision genome editing tool, which could be used to treat diseases like cancer and AIDS, as well as hereditary disorders. At a recent session where I joined her to talk about future breakthroughs, she spoke of her experiences with K through 12 students. There is a scientist in every child, she said.    These young women scientists and their game-changing discoveries were all funded by NSF. They were all drawn into science by family, friends, or teachers at a young age. Their research is truly innovative and interdisciplinary and shows a commitment to the STEM workforce.    NSF has a long history of funding research that leads to breakthroughs in science and engineering. These breakthroughs excite the next generation and generate promise for the future. NSF has funded 214 Nobel Prize winners, including the most recent winners, W.E. Moerner in chemistry and Jean Tirole in economics.    This past year, the NSF-funded supercomputer called Stampede at UT Austin has been used to explore a new method of DNA sequencing, which could make getting one's genome affordable. The new telescope in Chile called ALMA produced an iconic image of a proto-solar system forming around a relatively nearby star in our galaxy. This telescope is managed by the National Radio Astronomy Observatory located in Virginia.    In addition, the NSF-funded Blue Waters supercomputer at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign is being used by researchers from the Mayo Clinic to understand gene expression in the brain with an eye to better understanding Alzheimer's disease.    How do these stories and examples inform NSF's future investments? In Fiscal Year 2016 NSF proposes to uphold the essential approach that it has pursued for more than 60 years, to invest in discovery research and education in science and engineering, and by doing so, to address complex challenges facing the Nation for our Nation.    In Fiscal Year 2016 there are four NSF-wide investments that address issues of major scientific national and societal importance. The first focus is on understanding the brain and it will offer novel insights into how cognitive abilities develop and can be maintained and improved throughout people's lives. The second is focused on the discovery science needed to understand the complicated and interconnected food-energy-water nexus. The third area of emphasis in 2016 is risk and resilience. It focuses on the advances needed to address pressing challenges associated with extreme events and how we can be prepared for them. The fourth is to develop an integrated national effort to increase the participation of young people who have been traditionally underserved and/or underrepresented in the STEM enterprise.    What we are presenting today is therefore a robust investment in discovery. The total budget request is for $7.7 billion, a 5.2 percent increase above the current level. This request builds on the foundation strength in funding breakthroughs and discoveries across a broad range of fields and in educating the STEM workforce.    My written remarks provide additional detail on these investments.    Most of all, it continues NSF's tradition of funding great ideas and growing great talent and ensures that NSF remains the place where discoveries began.    Thank you very much, Madam Chairwoman and Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for your support of the National Science Foundation. I look forward to working with you as together we advance science in the national interest.    Ms. Chairwoman, the NIST labs play a unique role in the Nation's research and technology development enterprise. We sit at the nexus of the science and industry conducting cutting-edge world-class science and developing standards that will allow industry to innovate and compete successfully. Both our labs and our extramural programs are clearly focused on providing the tools to allow U.S. manufacturing to experience a renaissance of technological leadership.    Thank you for inviting me to testify today and I will be happy to answer questions.    Dr. Cordova. I will be happy to start, Madam Chairwoman. So just two comments. One is that, as you know, NSF has a very strong STEM workforce investment, and we--especially at the undergraduate and graduate level but also in K through 12 and really the whole spectrum of training for science and engineering careers. In my experience as a university professor being very close to the students and close to their passion for getting a job and contributing to the economy and being happy was that business--private business was very, very interested in our students because of the skill sets that they got when they were at the university, and most of our students have the opportunity to participate because of the funding of places like NSF and NIST in science and engineering with--along with their faculty members. And this was just excellent training.    Chairwoman Comstock. In terms of internships and things that were----    Dr. Cordova. Absolutely. Internships for the summer and engineering programs. There are internship programs for a whole year. So that is one aspect of this investment.    And the other is that NSF--I did a broad survey of the partnerships that our agency has with private industry, and we have over a couple of hundred partnerships, maybe even more than that across the whole spectrum of dollar funding that really leverage our federal investment with private funding. And sometimes that is on workforce and investment in students and university, say, centers, engineering centers, industry university research centers that we fund, and sometimes it is in the actual science and engineering programs themselves. So we are--I think we are very good partners. We have an emphasis this year in particular on accelerating the numbers and kinds of partnerships that we have with the private sector.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you, Member Lipinski.    So we have been very engaged in enhancing our transparency and accountability processes since I came 11 months ago to the agency, and the first thing I want to do is just thank Chairman Smith and the Members of the overall Committee for moving us more in that very important direction. It was definitely the right time and we want to be very responsive. We completely agree that this is very, very important that the public understands the investment that this country is making in science and engineering and STEM education.    We--so we--as of last May, we instituted some new practices, which--on transparency and accountability which focused on clarifying, communicating better the titles and the abstracts for proposals. Those two things were online for all proposals, and having a nontechnical description which would clearly say what the proposal's goals were about in clear English and also what is the potential impact of the research and how it serves the national interest.    And so that was the order of the day as of last May. As you can imagine, this is a big change. We get over 50,000 proposes a year from which we select about 11,000, so it is a big, complicated engine that works on the whole merit review process. So we then instituted our practices into guidance, which came out at the same time as the OMB Uniform Guidance that--they come out together. We changed our manuals, which are both internal for program officers doing the overseeing of the review process and for--and another one for the external community so that they could see what the expectation was.    And so the effective date of all these changes I would like to call January 1 of 2015 that we will really see a difference in what is being done and how it looks to the public and how they proposals are being reviewed.    On top of that we have training, new kinds of training for the program officers and division directors that really do the bulk of the merit review process, and it is--basically it is a cultural change for the agency. And as you know, Representative Lipinski, culture change takes a while to take hold. And so--but all the system directors who are sitting behind me are just firmly committed to this, each in their own disciplinary area, and I expect that we will see some real changes here.    I also should add I sent a so-called important notice, which is sent very rarely--I have only sent out one as NSF Director so far--to all the university presidents letting them know of these changes and we have a website of course for further clarification. We have working groups internally. Every speech that I have made--I would say every speech that I have made for the last few months has included a description of our efforts in this regard.    Dr. Cordova. So the social and behavioral economic sciences are incorporated--when I go around my university visits--and I just came back from visiting a few universities and research centers in the country--are incorporated into really everything we do and think about as scientists and engineers. So there are lots of centers, some of which have been funded by NSF, some by other agencies and some by the universities themselves, or all of them, and they invariably include social and behavioral and economic scientists now because they are trying to address some grand challenges that face our country and our world and they realize the importance of having the social and behavioral sciences there to inform.    Let me just give you one example for Chairwoman Comstock that there is--and the Arizona State University there is a big bio-design center that embraces lots of particular kinds of research around that incorporates physics and biology and so on. They also have as an integral part of that a center called Nanoscience in Society which everyone goes through, all the other centers connect to, to evaluate if you are thinking of a new concept in nanotechnology or really any of the bio and physical sciences what could be the potential impact and what are the ethical and legal and kind of public considerations for how that technology could be used? And I was told that sometimes scientists just actually make a pause and head off maybe in a different direction based on being informed by social and behavioral economic scientists sitting at the table with them and looking at the potential impact of what they are developing in their new technological approaches.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. I----    Dr. Cordova. Mr. Chairman, thank you for--and Mr. Lipinski for raising the important issue of greater transparency and accountability. Your legislative provision--I think it was Section 106 of the FIRST Act from the last Congress, which focuses on the national interest is very compatible with the new NSF internal guidelines and with the mission statement of NSF, which I quote ``to promote the progress of science to advance the national health, prosperity, and welfare and to secure the national defense.'' We share the same goals and believe that these policies--transparency, accountability, the national interest--are to be found in the 1950 law that created NSF and established our mission.    And so we likewise thought it was important and appropriate to add the explicit reference the national interest in our revised guidelines.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, we do.    Dr. Cordova. Well, Chairman Smith, those are two different questions.    The reason why they have a bigger increase is in large part because of the funding--the increase in funding for the National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics, which is within SBE.    Dr. Cordova. Well, let me just ask Mr. Sievert behind me----    Dr. Cordova. --what is the increase if we take out the Center because that center of course is the basis for the science and engineering indicators and the Congressional Research Service depends on----    Dr. Cordova. --the statistics----    Dr. Cordova. Sure. Thank you. Fine.    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. I think improving communication is always important when you are making cultural change and so that people understand clearly what the expectations are. I think we will have a lot of work to do internally which we would like to share with the external proposing community on writing nontechnical descriptions of the research. This will be--this is kind of a new adventure for some, not for all, and so we--rather than--as you know, the number of proposals has--over the last decade has increased tremendously and the number of FTE have not, so workload is a consideration so we will have to figure out and we are trying out new pilot programs and merit review, including virtual panels and all the rest of it to try to have the merit review process itself be efficient and effective. And this is all part of it is communicating how we do this work in that overall context.    Dr. Cordova. For the record. We will submit it for the record.    Dr. Cordova. Okay.    Dr. Cordova. That is the answer.    Dr. Cordova. With respect to the 109th I can provide what the investment is for both Arctic and Antarctic, yes.    Dr. Cordova. Yes. And then more globally, polar research, whatever your particular questions are, I would be happy to do that.    So we have--the Arctic research, the expenditures for 2014 were approximately $2.5 million and we expect to spend the same in 2015. Spending for the 109th for the Antarctic program were about $29 million in the last fiscal year. In this Fiscal Year they will increase to $31.5 million due to higher personnel and aircraft maintenance costs.    And, by the way, Representative, we are pleased to be part of that cargo as well.    Dr. Cordova. That is really a wonderful contribution to our overall program. We depend on the logistics of the Department of Defense.    Dr. Cordova. We--I--since we get the aircraft support from a different agency, that is really a question I think that is appropriate for them. We are looking at substantial modernization program for the ground support, which of course services the aircraft, the landing bases and so on. And we are heavily engaged in preparing a modernization proposal for the coming fiscal years that is in response to the Blue Ribbon Committee known as the Augustine Committee. It is desperately needed after so many decades.    Dr. Cordova. I have no idea, Representative. Does--we will certainly supply that response for the record but--    Dr. Cordova. I understand the question. I don't know about those proposals. We can certainly get back to you on that detail. But this really goes to our discussion earlier, Representative, on the transparency and accountability, and we just have to be better at communicating what are the goals of research and what are the potential impacts because sometimes things that sound obscure can actually be just absolutely revolutionary and groundbreaking, as you know. The--I--we like to point out that the original proposal that turned into Google was called Backrub. Now, that would be something that would catch your eye, would it not? And--    Dr. Cordova. Yes. So--but you see the point and that is why we really need good titles and nontechnical descriptions and that makes everybody stop and pause and say, yes, what are the goals and what could be the impact for society.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, of course. So we will--we are in the process of moving to Alexandria. We should have the shell of the building all completed I am told by this fall and so our budget for the relocation effort includes some systems, IT systems, and some furniture consistent with having that all ready by Fiscal Year 2016.    You--about the delay, we were told by GSA that they had accepted the proposal of Alexandria to move there and I believe that was in the summer of--before this summer in 2013 and then we reached an impasse with the union on what the--in particular the office space size would look like and that went to the Federal Impasse Panel in the late spring and we got the response in the fall on how that would settle out. And so we have been working with--we are following the guidance of the Federal Impasse Panel and actually I--they are--we are able to--because of the hard work of the team, a very talented team which I assure you is on this constantly, we are able to actually be cutting substantially the--in time delay the initial projections of how long this impasse would lead us to be delayed, Representative. And so----    Dr. Cordova. --this is--this situation is actually got worse and now is improving substantially and we are hoping to bring this is close to--as we possibly can----    Dr. Cordova. --by making compromises.    Dr. Cordova. Yeah.    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. No, it doesn't because those would be in 2017----    Dr. Cordova. --the delays.    Dr. Cordova. So risk and resilience is one of the four cross directorate initiatives that we are putting a focus on for the Fiscal Year 2016 budget just because of what you said, Representative Esty. It is a--we have been experiencing significant events that are natural, as well as human-made, but mostly natural events and we just feel that we have to put in an investment in basic research so that we can be prepared for those events.    The Fiscal Year 2016 request includes $8.5 million for cross directorate program that is called Critical Resilience Interdependent Infrastructure Systems and Processes, so we call it CRISP for short. It further--it goes a step further than our other programs that enable research on earthquakes and winds to include being resilient to all kinds of hazards like tornadoes and storms and so forth. It focuses on multiple interconnected systems like electrical power, water, gas, roads, and communications. And as you know, we have to consider all of these as a system to be truly prepared and resilient.    We do of course work with other agencies on this and I don't know the details about what their investments are but we could describe our particular programs and where they come into this, but this is something that concerns all the other agencies. I think our unique contributions are in a systems approach that brings in engineering as well as basic science and the social sciences, too, because as you know, you can be told that a tornado is coming but if you don't have the right social preparedness among agencies on the ground and the mayor and the police force and respond to crises appropriately, lives can still definitely be lost. And so to make us more resilient so we--because we embraced all of the sciences and engineering, we figured we can do a lot of basic work.    And also in computer modeling, we have mentioned throughout this testimony that we have these big supercomputers, and those are really working very hard and I have gone to see the effort that they are doing on risk and resilience to really model the interactions of all the different components, you know, social and natural.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you, Representative Esty. The--INCLUDES is something that is a very personal effort to me. In fact, I have nominated myself team captain for this effort. It is--we spend--just if you look at the Congressional Research Service report, we do make a great investment in what we call broadening participation, which is another way of looking at inclusion. We have focused programs, we have emphasis programs in different areas. But--and as we go around the country and I do make lots of on-the-ground looks at our efforts--we notice that they can be very brilliant in their local ecosystem but they--what we have learned from them and the best practices are often not communicated to other potential groups and communities that want to do similar work.    So this emphasis and I think the small amount of money that we have requested here leverages that huge investment that we are already making, and this emphasis is on communication of those best practices, it is on networking. It is really almost a systems engineering approach and that is why the assistant directors that are all sitting in this room are--it is the goal that they are most excited about because they realize that who is sitting in the seats in our universities are the engineers of the future is--it should be a critical concern to us to tap into our national talent.    So we are enthusiastic. We will embrace lots of communities. We believe that this is a whole community effort. It starts when you are born and ends when you leave us, and we want to take advantage of all the talent and excitement and interest around there and have different approaches to this challenge.    Dr. Cordova. Oh, welcome back from Antarctica.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you, Representative Bonamici. And let me just first say that I am just so impressed by your method as a Congresswoman. When we were on the Antarctica trip you were so committed to the students in your region that you were constantly doing very special videos and a whole series to bring back to the classroom, and you are a role model so----    Dr. Cordova. So on the regional class research vessels, so you are right. This is an opportunity, and ocean observing and understanding 70 percent of the planet and what is in there and how it functions with, you know, the whole world system is incredibly important research.    So there is intense study at NSF on how many regional class research vessels are needed and appropriate for the future. We completed the preliminary design review for this program in August of 2014 and we presented it as an information item at the February National Science Board meeting, and it is being considered right now for presentation as an action item at the May National Science Board meeting and then the next step would be if it were put in front of the NSB to request approval for the advancement to final design phase and inclusion in a future budget request.    Now, you mentioned the decadal panel. Okay. So that is--then the decadal panel, as you know, just came to us at the end of January and so that--an initial preliminary report was made to the board. It has not been fully digested by the agency. As you know, we are a very thinking agency----    Dr. Cordova. --and we study things very closely and all the potential impacts and we always--we like to say we set our priorities based on community input. And so here, as you have pointed out, Representative Bonamici, there are lots of different kinds of input so that is being assessed and we will make a decision.    Dr. Cordova. Should I start?    Dr. Cordova. All right. Thank you very much. And actually my first experience as a graduate student, my first field trip from California was to one of your great institutions to the Harvard Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory to do some research--satellite research.    So NSF really cares about the evaluation of its programs, especially in the STEM area that you are referring to. We lead the STAR METRICS, and STAR stands for Science and Technology for America's Reinvestment Measuring the Effects of Research on Innovation, Competitiveness, and Science. It is federal and research institution collaboration, as you know, Representative Clark, to create a repository of data and tools that would be useful to assess the impact of federal R&D investments. So we are very heavily engaged in that.    In addition, our Directorate of Education, Human Resources invests in foundational research and evaluation through a program we call PRIME, which stands for Promoting Research and Innovation in Methodologies for Evaluation program. It encourages the community to develop new evaluation methodologies, adapt methods that are successful in other disciplines, and expand the workforce with the capacity to conduct evaluation. In addition, we have an evaluation and monitoring group, which has a five-year evaluation monitoring plan for everything we do.    So we do take evaluation and educational research very seriously. In fact, when you see the 11 percent increase in the EHR, Education Human Resource Directorate, it is mainly for an increase in undergraduate education and in what you are talking about in educational research, which includes evaluation and monitoring.