    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This hearing opens a pattern or practice investigation into the Justice Department mortgage lending settlements. The concern is that DOJ may have systematically subverted Congress' budget authority by using settlements to funnel money to activist groups. The evidence is a progression of startling terms in the DOJ's mortgage banking settlements. It began with the JPMorgan settlement that merely offered credit for donations to community redevelopment groups. Next came Citi and Bank of America settlements requiring $150 million in donations to housing nonprofits.    These donations earned double credit against the banks' overall obligations. Meanwhile, credit for direct forms of consumer relief remain dollar for dollar. Bank of America's settlement also required it to set aside $490 million to pay potential consumer tax liability arising from loan modifications. Should Congress again extend the non-taxable treatment of home loan forgiveness, the money does not revert to the bank. Instead it flows to activist groups, like NeighborWorks America, which has been described as funding ``a national network of left wing community organizers operating in the mold of ACORN.''    All told, DOJ has directed as much as half a billion dollars to activist groups entirely outside of the congressional budget and oversight process. DOJ will say that the groups receiving donations provide relief to homeowners. Even assuming this housing-related work is entirely non-partisan, money is fungible. Donations to the housing arm of any recipient would free up funds for the recipient to engage in more controversial activism in other areas. Furthermore, the Miscellaneous Receipts Act, or MRA, requires that money received by the government from any source be deposited in the Treasury. Directing a defendant to pay money directly to a third party interest group is simply an end run around the law.    DoJ's own internal guidance documents acknowledge the potential for abuse when settlements require donations to third parties. The U.S. Attorney's Manual says that the practice is restricted because it can create actual or perceived conflicts-of-interest and/or other ethical issues. It was almost entirely banned in 2008 due to instances of perceived abuse.    Exception was made for environmental settlements in view of robust guidance issued by DOJ's Environment and Natural Resources Division. However, to the extent that guidance is the basis for an exemption, DOJ's banking settlements violate it. The guidance requires a mechanism to ensure that any party receiving the funds spends them in a manner consistent with the intent of the community service requirement. There is no such oversight in the DOJ's banking settlements. The monitor is responsible only for the bank's compliance, not how the activist groups who receive donations use them. Related guidance also caps credit for donations to community service projects at dollar for dollar.    Even more troubling, the guidelines state that community service cannot be of such a nature that it provides additional resources for the performance of an activity for which Congress specifically has appropriated funds. This ensures that the settlement does run not afoul of the Miscellaneous Receipts Act by unilaterally augmenting a congressional appropriation.    Congress specifically funds the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Housing Counseling Assistance Program. In a press release, La Raza, one of the largest grant recipients under the program, lamented that Congress cut funding from $88 million to $45 million. It subsequently praised DOJ bank settlements, which required $30 million in donations specifically to HUD-approved housing counseling agencies. Thus, DOJ's settlements appear to restore most of the funding that Congress specifically cut.    For DOJ to funnel money to third parties through settlements this way may violate the law and is undoubtedly bad policy. The purpose of enforcement actions is punishment and redress to actual victims. Carrying that concept to communities at large or activist community groups, however worthy, is a matter for the legislative branch and is not to be conducted at the unilateral discretion of the executive.    I thank all of our witnesses for appearing and look forward to their testimony today. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Chairman, thank you for your consideration. Mr. Graber, welcome. You are a litigator, so you know failure to provide discovery can trigger an order to a jury to draw an adverse inference. And that is what we are doing right now because I along with Chairman Hensarling of the Financial Services Committee requested all communications pertaining to the mandatory donations provisions in the bank settlements over 2 months ago, but we have yet to receive any responsive documents from the Department of Justice. When can we expect to receive that?    Mr. Goodlatte. Will the Department of Justice claim any privileges over a significant percentage of the relevant documents?    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, let me just add that this Committee will not stand silent, nor will, I am sure, the Financial Service Committee, and you can expect that this will escalate if you do not provide the documentation that we requested over 2 months ago.    Secondly, did anyone at the Department of Justice ever consider the serious appearance of impropriety in requiring banks to make available to activist organizations the lion's share of funding that Congress has previously cut off to them? That is one of the reasons why we want to see the communications. We want to know what considerations went into making this decision to take this action.    Mr. Goodlatte. No, but it is the Congress' responsibility to appropriate funds, and the Congress' responsibility to be picking and choosing who gets appropriations for expenditures. And we want to know what connection there is between the fact that cuts were made and then apparently restored through a settlement.    Mr. Goodlatte. You do understand that the Constitution very specifically provides in Article 1 that no money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of appropriations made by law. And when you make a settlement and you require funds to be paid as part of a fine, a settlement, those funds are deposited into the Treasury. And if you make a decision to divert some of those funds before they ever get into the Treasury, we have very serious questions about whether you are attempting, through the Department of Justice, to fulfill the function of the Congress to appropriate funds.    So please explain to us why you think the framers thought this was so important and your personal view of its role in the separation of powers.    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, we understand that.    Mr. Goodlatte. But other funds, which could have been a part of that settlement, said it is one lump sum and it goes into the Treasury. Instead it said pay us this money, and we order you to pay other money to other people.    Mr. Goodlatte. ``Small'' is a relative term when you are talking about $150 million, right?    Mr. Goodlatte. I said ``small'' is a relative term when you are talking $150 million.    Mr. Goodlatte. It is a lot of money to most people. I do not know how many thousands of additional people that were ostensibly being protected by this whole prosecution that would have been receiving additional direct help if the funding had gone into the Treasury as opposed to elsewhere.    But first and foremost, once it went into the Treasury, then the elected representatives of the people would get to decide the most appropriate way to use those funds. It might be to reduce the $18 trillion debt of our country. It would make a small dent in that. There are lots of different things that could be done with that money if it had not been, I would argue, appropriated by the Department of Justice to go to places where the Congress had already made decisions that funding did not need to go in its larger fund.    But the bottom line is get us the documents. If you want to assert what your position as to how this came down, get us the documents that show us what communications were made and how that was done, and get them to us expeditiously. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.