    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, the tiny diaper that I hold in my hand is one made to fit premature born-alive babies. Micro-preemies or ultra-preemies they're called.    And when I first saw one of these little diapers, it moved my heart very deeply, because I think I saw it in the context of the numerous video recordings that have been released in recent months that tragically demonstrate that the Kermit Gosnells of this world have no monopoly on the abortion industry's unspeakable and murderous cruelty to pain-capable unborn children and to little babies who actually survive the trauma of going through an abortion. It is the little babies of exactly this age and stage of development that these little diapers were made to fit.    And, Mr. Chairman, it is easy for me to understand why the abortion industry's shrill response to these videos has been to try to discredit them in every way possible. They really have no choice. Because if they fail to discredit these videos or to dissuade people from seeing them, they know that anyone with a conscience who does watch these videos will finally see Planned Parenthood and the abortion industry for who they truly are, and this murderous industry will be rejected in the hearts of the American people.    However, Mr. Chairman, a forensic digital analysis by Coalfire, Incorporated, of these video recordings conclusively indicate that the videos are indeed authentic and show no evidence of manipulation or deceptive editing.    Now, this conclusion is supported by the consistency of the video file dates, timestamps, the video time codes, as well as the folder and file naming scheme. The uniformity between the footage from the cameras from the two different investigators also confirms the evidence that these video recordings are completely authentic.    Mr. Chairman, our response as a people and Nation to these atrocities incontrovertibly documented by these videos is vital to everything those lying out in Arlington National Cemetery died to save.    The House of Representatives very recently passed H.R. 3504, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. And I am told that Democrats in the Senate intend to filibuster even this bill that protects not unborn children but, rather, little children who have been born alive.    Now, no one can obscure the humanity and personhood of these little born-alive babies or claim conflict with the now completely separate interests of the mother and the child, nor can they take refuge within this schizophrenic paradox Roe v. Wade has subjected this country to for now more than 40 years.    Mr. Chairman, the abortion industry has labored for all of these decades to convince the world that born children and unborn children should be completely separated in our minds. In the past, they have said that, while born children are persons worthy of protection, unborn children are not persons and are not worthy of protection.    But those same people who now oppose this bill to protect born-alive children suddenly have the impossible task of trying to rejoin these born children and these unborn children back together again and then trying to convince us all to condemn them both, born and unborn, as now collectively inhuman, and neither of them are worthy of protection after all.    To anyone who has not invincibly hardened their heart and soul, an honest consideration of this absurd inconsistency is profoundly enlightening. Because, you see, Mr. Chairman, this country has faced such a paradox before; we have faced such self-imposed blindness before. Because there was a time in our own parliamentary rules in this House that we banned discussion or debate about the effort to end human slavery in America.    But that debate did come, Mr. Chairman, and with it came a time when the humanity of the victims and the inhumanity of what was being done to them finally became so glaring, even to the hardest of hearts, that it moved an entire generation of the American people to find the compassion and the courage in their souls to change their position. And now, to this generation, Mr. Chairman, that moment has come again.    And I would implore every Member of this Committee to ask two questions in the stillness of his or her heart: First, is deliberately turning a blind eye to the suffering and murder of the most helpless of all of our children born alive in the United States of America who we have truly become as a Nation? And, second, is voting against or filibustering against a bill to protect born-alive human babies from agonizing dismemberment and death who I have become and want to be remembered for as a Member of the United States Congress?    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back.    Mr. Franks . The Committee will now come to order.    And I will recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Forbes, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman.    And I now recognize Mr. Nadler from New York for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I now recognize the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King.    Mr. Franks. Well, I thank the gentleman.    And I'll recognize myself now for 5 minutes for questions--forgive me.    I'll recognize now Ms. Jackson Lee for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. The gentlelady time has expired.    Mr. Franks. State your point.    Mr. Franks. The Chair is the judge of relevancy here, and the gentleman never had suggested anything to the contrary.    Mr. Franks. Well, would you also include in your motion the gentleman from New York's testimony on gun control? Is that relevant to Planned Parenthood?    Mr. Franks. Well, Mr. Nadler made his motion about--I mean his comments about guns almost entirely----    Mr. Franks. All those in favor, say aye.    Mr. Franks. Would the gentleman restate his motion?    Mr. Franks. All those in favor, say aye.    All those in favor, say aye.    Mr. Franks. All those opposed?    The noes have it.    Mr. Franks. Okay.    Mr. Franks. Recorded vote has been--I wonder if we are going to be able to strike that video from your memory.    Mr. Franks. Recorded vote has been asked.    The clerk will call the roll.    Mr. Franks. No.    Mr. Franks. Mr. Chaffetz?    Mr. Franks. Gentleman from Virginia?    Mr. Franks. Mr. Labrador?    Mr. Franks. The clerk will now----    Mr. Franks . Report the vote.    Mr. Forbes.    Mr. Franks. State your inquiry.    Mr. Franks. State your inquiry.    Mr. Franks. As I understand, Mr. Forbes, the minority is asking to strike the video, which, of course, was given to them days ago and is not a surprise to them in any way.    Is that correct?    Mr. Franks. Will the gentleman state his order?    Mr. Franks. I'm told not in this Committee.    Mr. Franks. Please announce the vote.    Mr. Franks. Mr. Chabot?    Mr. Franks. And the motion is agreed to.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    You know, one of the hallmarks of humanity throughout history is our astonishing proclivity as human beings to obscure, rationalize away an incontrovertible truth in our own minds or before others to achieve some solidarity or temporary acceptance with our own insular peer group. It's always astonished me to what lengths we go on this issue. And I think I know why, because we never really ask this central question. And the central question is: Does abortion kill a little baby? If abortion doesn't kill a little baby, then I'm here to pretty much suggest that we shouldn't be having such a hearing or anything like that. But if abortion really does kill a little baby, then those of us seated in the greatest Nation in the history of the world, the land of the free, home of the brave, are sitting in the midst of the greatest human genocide in the history of humanity. And the victims are the most helpless of all children.    We recently had a vote in the House of Representatives to protect born-alive children. There was not one person to my left that voted for that bill, born-alive children. And I would just suggest that if we've come to the moment in America where we no longer are willing to protect born-alive children, then it is time to reassess who we are and whether or not the Founding Fathers' dreams still has any place in our society.    Mr. Levatino, if a child is born alive during an abortion procedure, a doctor has an ethical duty to save that child, correct?    Mr. Franks. Well, the president of Planned Parenthood, Cecile Richards, has said in testimony that she had never heard of such a circumstance happening in Planned Parenthood clinics. Do you believe that among the hundreds of thousands of abortions Planned Parenthood commits every year that there are, in fact, children born alive but die because they do not receive appropriate care?    Mr. Franks. Well, based on your experience, what is your assessment of how low-income women's health care could be met without Planned Parenthood?    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman.    Now I would recognize, I believe, Mr. Cohen from Tennessee for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. Ms. Lofgren. Forgive me.    Mr. Franks . I recognize Ms. DelBene from Washington.    Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Mr. Franks. The Chair now yields to Mr. Jeffries from New York for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Franks. The gentlelady can answer the question if she wants to.    Mr. Franks. Without objection.    Mr. Franks. Without objection.    Mr. Franks. The gentleman from Rhode Island.    Mr. Franks. I want to thank all the witnesses for being here today. This concludes today's hearing. Thanks to our audience.    And, without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    And, with that, thank you, this hearing is adjourned.