    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Attorney General Lynch, for being here. I know it's been a long day.    As you, I'm deeply troubled by recent events taking place on the global stage. I know that you have shared your concern about what happened in Paris, attacks in Beirut, and the current crisis in Syria. These events, both singular and ongoing, have reinforced and further impressed on us the very harsh realities of our world, and now we are confronted with a duty to respond here in Congress. I hope that the Administration will take the necessary steps to ensure our Nation's security to the greatest extent possible in these uncertain times.    As you know, Director Comey was here just a couple of weeks ago, and we asked him some questions, and he testified before this Committee that the FBI cannot offer absolute assurance that there is no risk associated with the current Syrian refugee crisis. In fact, when I asked him specifically about the security gaps in Syria, he said, ``The challenge we face with Syria is that we don't have that rich a set of data. So even though we've gotten better at querying what we have, we certainly will have less overall.''    So, in other words, he's saying we have the ability to query the information that we have, but we don't have a good set of data, we don't have a good set of intelligence. Do you agree with that assessment?    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly with respect to the information coming into our databases from Syria, as the Director has noted, it does present challenges to law enforcement. However, that does not mean we will stop trying to obtain data and utilize that screening system and I certainly want to convey our commitment to doing that. But certainly, as the Director has indicated, there are challenges to a system based upon the amount and type of data that one can obtain.    Mr. Labrador. So when you hear the media out there, they've spent the last 2 days saying that we are vetting these Syrian rebels, but the reality is that we don't have sufficient information to know.    Obviously your Administration is doing everything possible to gather the information that we have, but the problem is that we don't know what we don't have, especially because the intelligence on these people is not as fast as it was in Iraq, for example. Isn't that correct?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, certainly every country presents a different scenario in terms of the information that we can gather from them. And certainly while Syria does present its challenges, I'm not able to unequivocally say that we obtain no data from them. I don't believe that we have that information at this point.    Mr. Labrador. I don't think that's what I said. And I don't think that's what I said. I just said that we have some problems. In fact, he said, ``I would say that we have a less robust data set dramatically than we had with Iraq. So it is difficult.'' Would you agree with that assessment?    Attorney General Lynch. It certainly does present challenges, yes, Congressman.    Mr. Labrador. So he said dramatically. He didn't say just there's a small difference between the two countries, but between Iraq and Syria there's a dramatic difference in the type of intelligence that we have.    Then when I asked the FBI Director--I asked him what the FBI can do to improve security checks. This is one of the things that scared me the most. He said, ``That's one I don't have a good answer for.''    So do you have a good answer for what we could do right now to improve dramatically the intelligence that we have on these Syrian refugees?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, what I can tell you is that both the FBI Director and I will do everything in our power to continue to protect the American people.    Mr. Labrador. Well, I know you will do everything in your power, and I appreciate your answer. But what specifically are you going to do so I can go back to the people of Idaho and let them know that the Syrian refugees that may be coming to the State of Idaho have been properly vetted--not just vetted, but properly vetted--so we know exactly what their backgrounds are?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, certainly, Congressman, we can provide you information on the type of vetting that is done. As I've mentioned before, the FBI----    Mr. Labrador. But we know already that the vetting that is done is not sufficient. I mean, Director Comey already said that. So that your answer is insufficient at this time. How can I give assurances to the people of my district that we will have the intelligence that is necessary to know whether they are going to be harmful or not to our communities, to our Nation, and to the families in my district?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, as I indicated, we can in fact provide you information on the nature of the vetting. We can in fact provide information, as I indicated, that is done by the FBI. But also in conjunction with the Department of Defense, State, Homeland Security, we also rely on more than the databases. Every refugee from whatever country who chooses to come here or to try and come here is also subject to a robust interview process as well as a biometric analysis of the individual who is literally in front of that interviewer, something that unfortunately Europe does not have the ability to do at this time, placing them in a dramatically different situation than us. And certainly we're happy to keep you updated on developments there.    Mr. Labrador. So you think the biometric information that's provided for Syrians, which the FBI Director said was not sufficient, you think that it is sufficient?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, I can indicate to you the types of measures that are in place and provide you the information on the type of screening that is done so that information can be conveyed to the people of your district.