    Mr. Forbes. We want to welcome everybody today to our hearing on the Air Force Projection Forces Aviation Programs and Capabilities for Fiscal Year 2016. The unfortunate thing, as we all know, they are going to schedule votes or have scheduled votes anywhere from now to maybe 2:30, so we are going to waive our opening remarks. Mr. Courtney and I both have agreed to that. And with that, we want to get right to our witnesses so they can make whatever comments they would like to make to the members. I have told them previously, Mr. Courtney has agreed to this, of course, that all their written remarks will be made part of the record. You can refer to those if you would like or you can just talk off the cuff, but we are just glad to have both of you here.    As you know, we have Dr. William LaPlante here. He is the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition for the Department of the Air Force. Dr. LaPlante, thank you so much for joining us and for all the work you do for our country. We also have Lieutenant General James M. ``Mike'' Holmes, who is the Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Plans and Requirements for the Department of the Air Force. General, thank you again for your service, and to all those people who serve with you and below you. We appreciate their service to our country.    And with that, Dr. LaPlante, I think you are going to start us off, and then we will go the General. So the floor is yours.    Mr. Forbes. General.    General Holmes. Thank you, Dr. LaPlante. Chairman Forbes, Ranking Member Courtney, gentlemen and ladies of the committee, thank you for your continued support to the United States Air Force, our airmen, and their families. Our Air Force remains the most globally engaged air force on the planet, and we continue to do our best to deliver global vigilance, global reach, and global power for America every day. Our Air Force today is the smallest in our history, and we see no end to the incredible demand for the capabilities that we deliver. This demand, coupled with an increasingly challenging global situation and an uncertain budget environment, drives us to make some very difficult choices.    The 2016 President's budget took some steps to improve our situation, and it allowed us to maximize the contributions to the total force, to reinforce investments in nuclear deterrence and space control, to emphasize our long-range and global and non-permissive capabilities, and to preserve our top three procurement programs: the F-35, the KC-46, and the Long Range Strike Bomber, two of which fit into your committee's portfolio.    The President's budget added money above the BCA caps because the administration believes additional spending is necessary to meet the requirements of the strategy, and it gives us the ability to halt reductions in our total force end strength, to continue our efforts to regain full-spectrum readiness, and to lay the groundwork for future innovation with some seed investments. However, we face shortfalls in our ability to meet all the requirements of the strategy even at those levels.    In shortfalls in capacity first. I will talk about capacity, readiness, and modernization. Shortfalls in capacity mean we must accept some risk in our ability to meet all the requirements of the strategy. Shortfalls in readiness are driven by previous funding levels and a continued high ops tempo and demand for Air Force forces which exaggerate the effect of the capacity shortfalls. And then shortfalls in modernization mean potential adversaries, who have had 20 years to watch the way the American military does business and take steps to address it, are closing the capability gaps that separated the U.S. military from potential foes. This narrowed gap adds future risk to both mission and forces. When forced to choose on where to take the risk and to spread our dollars, the Department of Defense directed us and all the services to take risk in our current capacity in order to preserve readiness and the investments required to be ready in the future.    As we look at the forces that we bring to you in this committee, primarily our bomber, tanker, and transport forces, I think that our bomber investment portfolio is in pretty good shape. There are about $3 billion invested to make those airplanes both compliant, to let them keep working in the airspace system, and then to modernize them and make sure they continue to do the things we require until the Long Range Strike Bomber is brought on board in the numbers that we need there.    On the tanker side, although we have a very old fleet, the investments are in place there to keep those systems compliant and keep them out there, and the KC-46 program is in place to replace them. Bringing me then to the airlift side, the C-17, we thank Congress and the committee for your tireless efforts to get us that modernized airplane. It is one of our greatest airplanes, and it is in shape for the future. We have some investment in 2016 to make sure that we protect that investment in the airplane. And then the C-5 modernization program is coming to an end, and we are very happy with the results there.    So what I am left with and that I am most concerned about, and I know that many members of the committee share that concern, is our C-130 fleet as we advance into the future. How do we make sure those airplanes remain safe, that they are compliant with the requirements of both the national and the international airspace system, and then that we modernize them to last through the service life that we need, particularly the H models, to exist.    We know that we have had years of discussion with you and with the committee on the best way to go forward. We have reached the position now that I am concerned that we will not be able to keep the aircraft compliant to meet the deadlines that the FAA has set basically by the end of this 5-year defense plan. And if I was going to put all the money required into the AMP program to get it done in time to get those airplanes compliant, I see the bill as coming to about $2.8 billion over the 5-year defense program.    And Mr. Chairman, that $2.8 billion is kind of equivalent to retiring the KC-10 fleet for the FYDP , or retiring the C-5 fleet over the FYDP, or retiring about 150 KC-135s. On the combat Air Force's side, it is equivalent to the A-10 retirement that we had to take, or the entire B-1 fleet, or a reduction, and a significant reduction in 40 or so F-35s. So what we hope to do is to be able to work with the members and with the committee to be able to move out and to provide the compliance capability that those airplanes need. We think that we need to move out quickly to provide them with the radios that are required, 8.33 kilohertz radios with cockpit video recorder and a digital flight recorder with ADS-B Out with enhanced Mode S and with an enhanced Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System. We think we can do that for about $2.5 million per airplane, and that we can get that done, if not by 2020 but shortly after 2020 if we can gain concurrence with you to move forward.    Now, we know that leaves us a modernization piece, and we know those airplanes have to be modified. We know that you have restricted us from pursuing modification if it is not the AMP program. And what we hope to do is work with you to lay out the details of a more affordable modernization program that we can afford to buy over multiple FYDPs, but that will make those airplanes able to continue to do their mission in an increasingly challenging environment into the future.    Thank you again for the support that you have given the Air Force, for the support you give our airmen and families. Thank you for taking the time and inviting us to come speak to you today. The world is not becoming less safe or less stable. We think the world will continue to require on the capabilities that your committee manages and that the Air Force provides, and we thank you very much for being here. We are happy to take your questions.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, General and Secretary. The ranking member and I have decided to defer our questions so we can get as many member questions in as possible. I have no right to ask you to do this, but I am going to do it anyway. If you can keep your questions to about 3 minutes, as short as possible, just so we can get as many member questions in as possible. And with that, I recognize the gentlelady from Missouri for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. I thank the gentlelady. The gentlelady from Guam is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Certainly can, and submit it for the record.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. That is correct, and so we only have minutes left.    Mr. Forbes. And we will have--get your question in because I don't think our members will be coming back----    Mr. Forbes . After this, so yours will be the final question.    Mr. Forbes. I am sorry to cut the gentleman off, but we have votes we have to go to, as time has expired. So if you would like to follow up with any written questions, we can do it.    General, we also would like for you to respond, if you could, on the details of that modernization program. I apologize to everybody that we have only got a couple of minutes left for this vote.    Mr. Forbes. But with that, Mr. Courtney has agreed we are adjourned, and we will follow up with any written questions. And if you would be so kind as to answer them for the record, we would appreciate it. With that, we are adjourned.