    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am honored to be a member of this task force. My thanks to the leadership for its formation.    I think it is important that we focus on: first, the transnational criminal organizations that are driven by profit; and second, how they interact with foreign terrorist organizations who are driven by ideology. When you combine those two things, you have a toxic soup. And we have seen many scary examples, as noted this morning, of the relationship between criminal activity and terrorist organizations that interconnect throughout the world.    I am looking forward to this morning with our fine panel of witnesses to learning more about that and finding out how we can interdict that process and stop it.    I appreciate it, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank the panel for participating today.    Dr. Asher, reflect for me on when we put pressure on particularly developed countries and through the financial process, through the PATRIOT Act, we squeeze legitimate users and illegitimate users out of those marketplaces relative to the U.K. banking system or the American banking system, and Mutual Legal Assistance Treaties (MLATs) have been a big, important tool that we have had diplomatically, whether it is finding Noriega's assets or other players around the world.    What can we do in that arena? Can we expand the MLAT process? Can we amend it? Is there a mini-MLAT that we could use with countries with which we don't have a full treaty? Would you expand on that for a minute.    Mr. Hill. Thank you.    Mr. Barrett, is there a formalized model you can see in this charitable arena where you have seen maybe a best practice through forced disclosure of legitimate charities to warn potential donors that they actually have a record of bad acting through the file of their 990 report with the IRS, if it is a U.S. charity, or is there a way to formalize a receipt of remittances in a foreign country like Somalia that might work, that would be a way to better monitor those flows? Do you have a further opinion on that?    Mr. Hill. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Hill. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    I just wanted to follow up. There are so many Members of the House and Senate who are so concerned about the Iranian negotiations that are under way between the Administration and Iran.    And when we had our last hearing, so many of us were, I think, shocked at the magnitude of money that would flow back to Iran were the proposed treaty to be successful: $50 billion signing bonus, then the freeing up of cash in the accounts that had been frozen, and then, of course, the flow, as was noted by the Professor, of future trade capability.    In your role of interdicting terror financing and stopping the expansion of terrorism, how would you rank that $120 billion that may flow to Iran if this treaty proceeds?    If 1 is of low importance to our national security and the ability to stop the expansion of terror finance and 10 is critical, very important, how would each of you rank the freeing up of that $120 billion?    We will start with Dr. Asher and just let each of you rank--give me a number and--    Mr. Hill. Yes.    Mr. Hill. Okay.    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.