    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We hear a lot about construction today. Obviously, it's a very important topic. But I believe today's hearing is also about the process, it's about accountability, it's about transparency.    In 2013, December 2013, the under secretary for management certified to us in Congress that the State had ensured the adequacy of all safety-related measures. In fact, the DS had expressed concern about State's use of computer modeling to simulate this blast testing for the curtain wall, and they ordered a full mockup blast test before certification was appropriate.    The problem is, is that testing did not start until February 2014 and was not complete until May of 2014. It is not clear in the certification package to Congress that State provided notice that blast tests was ongoing. And here's the questions. There's a couple of them.    Did State's certification to Congress in December 2013 explicitly alert the committees that State had not even begun blast testing?    Ms. Muniz, I'll start with you.    Mr. Walker. So when you say that all safety measures have been completed, you're just saying that's a certification with the projection that they will be completed. Is that my understanding?    Mr. Walker. Mr. Starr.    Mr. Walker. Did it show the highlights or highlight weaknesses in the design? In other words, did it include a memorandum from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence in which the Office notes that should blast testing highlight weaknesses in the design of the curtain wall, Director Muniz has confirmed in writing that all necessary steps will be taken to rectify the issues?    Can you confirm here today that Congress received that memo with the December 2013 confirmation, Ms. Muniz?    Mr. Walker. Let me ask Mr. Linick.    Did you know whether Congress received the Office of the Director of National Intelligence memo in December 2013 with State's verification package?    Are you saying, Mr. Starr, that you never sent that to Congress?    Mr. Walker. Mr. Linick, do you recall? Mr. Starr doesn't remember.    Mr. Walker. Mr. Chairman, my time has expired and maybe follow up with someone else, but thank you.    Mr. Walker. Can you give me a time for when you're able to do that? A week? Two weeks?    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Walker. Absolutely.