    Ms. Graham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good to see you both again. I had, actually, a different question, but something you just said just sparked--first of all, you are young. Very, very young. In terms of maintaining this aircraft, these aircraft, what is the maintenance, what is the process for maintenance that you follow?    One of the things that concern me, I represent Tyndall. And when I went to visit Tyndall one time, I had someone pull me aside and say, the challenges that they faced. And I am sorry if this question has already been asked, if I walked in--the challenges they face with just getting a part, in order to fly the F-22. What challenges, if any, do you all face with the maintenance of the, let me use, the Air Force projection forces? Thank you.    General Bunch. Yes, ma'am. So, we face challenges on the older aircraft. There is no doubt about it. We are constantly fighting diminishing manufacturing sources and parts obsolescence. It is one that the program offices actually track, so they can determine where they can get parts.    There are certain ways that we will work together, and, in many of our efforts, we will identify where the trends are. And we will make investments in those from a supportability phase, so that we can modernize those components, as time goes forward.    So it is a risk that we run on all the older fleets. What we also find is that we don't know what we don't know sometimes. Sometimes, we will find things as we go into depot maintenance.    Sometimes we will find things out on the frontline that we didn't predict, simply because of the age of the fleet and how they have matured through the use and the extensive use that we have with the platforms.    Ms. Graham. When you need a part, where do you go to get that part?    General Bunch. The Air Force Sustainment Center, ma'am, runs our supply, and we also work with DLA . And they work through various sources to find those. Some parts for some of our fleet, we actually go to the boneyard, in some cases, and we will pull parts off of aircraft that have been retired for certain of the older aspects.    But the Air Force Sustainment Center is part of Air Force Materiel Command. They run our supply chain, and they are the ones that have to find out the ways to go get the parts and track those down so that we can keep the fleet flying.    Ms. Graham. Great. Thank you. Now I am going to go to the question I was originally going to ask. The chairman has been so wonderful to provide us an opportunity to learn about what is the emphasis behind the budget requests that are in the new budget.    And I know there is different pressures that are on the military. Preaching to the choir, right? It is a Southern saying. But in your opinion, which decisions stand out as something that you, from a budgetary restriction, as opposed to what we need to be focusing on, which is making sure we are making decisions in the best interest of our strategic needs?    General Holmes. So, thank you, ma'am, and as we work to balance capability, capacity, and readiness, which is how we think that the way we provide forces to the combatant commanders, in this budget, at this level, we made choices to give up some future capability in order to minimize the risk now for the current fight that we are in.    So the particular items in this budget I would highlight would be the reduction in F-35s from our planned buy. And we were five short from where we had planned to be last year at this time. We are not able to fund all, what we call, fourth-generation mods, the modifications to our older fighter fleet that is required to keep them viable, as they fly longer into their service life, and then, also, make them useful in the increased threat environment.    So we want to upgrade radars. We want to upgrade the radar warning receivers. We want to add new computers to, particularly, the F-15 and the F-16. And we will get after those, but not at the rate that we would like to.    The chairman mentioned, we are reducing the C-130 recapitalization program. So the choices we made reduce our capability for the future, in order to provide capacity and readiness for today's fight.    Ms. Graham. Thank you very much. And I appreciate your answers.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.