    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    There are over 10,000 miners in my district who found themselves unemployed as a result of your keep it in the ground strategy when it comes to coal. This committee has acted time and again to protect the mining industry and the hardworking people who they employ from the devastating impact of the actions of your agency.    I have to imagine that you understand how these regulations have led to many counties in my district grappling with 15 percent or 20 percent unemployment. But can you imagine what it must be like for that miner, that father with small children, formerly making $70,000, $80,000, all of a sudden trying to find a job at McDonald's, unsuccessfully, at minimum wage with small children, car payments, home payments, house payments, and school payments.    It is devastating. Nevertheless, here you are, asking for more taxpayer money to put toward this job of killing coal. In fact, you have asked for an additional $50 million for the EPA's Clean Power Plan.    Since the Supreme Court issued that stay of your final regulations implementing the Clean Power Plan last month, I have seen conflicting reports regarding the deadlines for State actions that were included in the final rule. My understanding is that the Justice Department, in opposing the stay, advised that the deadlines would be delayed for the duration of the stay. But Acting Assistant Administrator McCabe recently indicated that the deadlines may remain in effect.    Can you assure us today that the agency will, as you have done when implementing other rules, delay the deadlines and the rule until the courts have issued their final decision?    Mr. Rogers. In December, the Wall Street Journal reported that the Energy and Environment Legal Institute obtained emails indicating that EPA worked with environmental lobbyists in secret to craft its Clean Power Plan. The correspondence they obtained made it clear that this group of lobbyists with ties to extreme environmental groups like the Sierra Club, NRDC, and Clean Air Task Force, worked with the agency to craft a CO2 emissions standard that would be impossible for existing coal plants to meet.    Essentially, EPA worked with these extreme environmentalists to ensure that under the rule all existing coal-fired power plants would have no choice but to close.    There is no question that the Clean Power Plan will fundamentally alter the energy economy in this country and put thousands of hardworking men and women who are employed in the coal industry out of work.    Why is the EPA allowing these individuals who are not employees of this agency to be so heavily involved with the drafting of rules with such significant impact?    Mr. Rogers. Well, the truth is that power plants cannot possibly physically do what you would require, so they have no choice but to switch to something else. It is impossible, physically impossible, for them to meet your requirements.    What do you say to that?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.