    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And Mr. Chairman, Mr. Turner pursued my line of questioning with Ms. Wormuth and he did a much better job than I would have done. So if it is alright, I am just going to suggest that some of us were very concerned about the New START because we saw it allow Russia to build up a stockpile of strategic weapons and for us to be required to build down.    And it did not take into consideration the tactical capability of Russia, especially in Europe. And in retrospect, it appears to me that this Russia reset has been a startling failure. And that is a sincere conclusion, and I know it doesn't really probably track with your own perspective.    So I am going to, if I could, switch over to General Breedlove here.    And General, you know, every time you come here I try to say something nice about you because I think you--people like you that stand out there and give your whole lives for the cause of freedom are the noblest among us. And I am just wondering how he keeps carrying those stars he keeps--they keep putting on him here. It is starting to be pretty good thing for such an old guy, you know? But I say that having been in an F-16 with him during a 360-degree loop, so I had a lot of confidence in him at that time.    But the EPAA Phase 2 was set fully to be implemented this year. Can you just discuss the need for increased missile defense capability in your AOR ?    General Breedlove. Congressman, thank you for that. EPAA Phase 2 is on track for delivery capability in 2016 to be ready. We see all of the actions on the ground doing well. The budget is going well. We may be a month or so behind in the construction but we think we are ready to deliver on time for that. We see the authorities and everything that we need shaping up there. And we also see that the progress on starting the next phase in Poland is tracking as well.    Mr. Franks. Let me ask you now, the Department has requested a multi-year procurement authority for the SM-3 IB and that hopefully would achieve critical cost savings and production stability. Can you speak to that request and its significance or importance?    General Breedlove. Congressman, my facts agree with yours that the proposed way to go forward on purchasing these missiles now will save us, I think the number is 14 percent across the first buy, and that is significant. And it also addresses some of the long-lead-term items, issues that a company would be working in to deliver those missiles.    More importantly to me is that the capability inherent in that SM-3 IB is important to the mission that we need to do in both of these sites, the site in Romania and the site in Poland. And so we hope to stay on track with delivery of the capabilities that that missile brings.    Mr. Franks. I will just ask two last questions and they are a little bit eclectic and just give you the time to elaborate as you will. Given your area of expertise with the whole situation happening in Crimea and Ukraine, number one--first question is what would you suggest would be the most important policy or strategic initiative we should pursue to contain that problem the best that we can, given the circumstances.    And then number two, completely different subject, related to the danger of ISIS and Islamist terrorism in the world. What do you consider, as a general, to be the most significant, at least strategic approach, that we might have? I know tactically we have engaged them very effectively, but strategically, what do you think is the most important thing that we are missing here, and how significant do you think the failure to approach--to address that is?    General Breedlove. If you will allow me, I will lightly remark to the policy and strategy piece, and I might ask the Secretary to remark to that. Let me start with ISIS because I don't want to run your time out. As we understand the problem of ISIS, one of the main things that I think we need to focus on is their legitimacy. This caliphate draws to it those who would want to come and fight for the caliphate.    And the incredible information campaign that they have out there and other things that just transmits the legitimacy of this caliphate, we need to attack it. We understand, and I won't go into it here, it would take all your time, those elements that make the caliphate real to those who would follow it, and I think we attack them in detail.    The Chairman. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mrs. Davis.