    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. I appreciate those in attendance today. We are having a hearing about Federal agencies' reliance on outdated and unsupported information technology, a ticking time bomb.    The Federal Government is spending more than $80 billion--$80 billion--annually on IT, and it largely doesn't work. With the majority of the spending focused on maintaining and operating legacy systems, this is obviously a major concern for the United States Congress and the operation of the Federal Government.    Such spending on legacy IT results in higher costs and security vulnerabilities where old software and operating systems are no longer supported by vendors. The Federal Government is years and, in some cases, decades behind the private sector. We cannot have Federal agencies buying spare parts on eBay for IT systems, such as the case at the Department of Labor.    The Federal Government also cannot rely on 930 million lines of code using more than 70 legacy programming languages. This is the best estimate that we have on the numbers, based on the surveys that we did with the various agencies.    That includes over 155 million lines of COBOL and 135 million lines of Fortran, coding language that was first used in the 1960s. In fact, 50 years ago--50 years ago--Dartmouth described Fortran as ``old-fashioned.'' So 50 years ago, they thought it was old-fashioned, and it is still in use today.    This does not even include the Departments of Defense or Labor, because they could not tell us how many lines of code, so you can imagine at DOD how many millions upon millions of lines of code that are still out there in those agencies.    Some agencies still use Windows 3.1, which came on the market in the early 1990s, or Windows XP, which came on the market in the early 2000s.    I read a document recently from the Department of Justice, and it was a WordPerfect document. I love WordPerfect. They are from Utah, and they still sell that product and update it. They had an update in the last 60 days. But my guess is if they tried to send you a WordPerfect document, you might have a difficult time opening it.    The Federal CIO Tony Scott is one of our witnesses today. He has stated the need to update IT legacy systems is a crisis bigger than Y2K.    I will note, personally, I am so pleased that Mr. Scott has joined the Federal Government. He has quite a background and reputation. He is the kind of talent that I think our Federal Government needs. To have somebody of his caliber helping to tackle these issues, answering the call to service for our Nation, is really an important step forward, and I applaud the Obama administration for encouraging him and getting him to participate here. I think he is part of the solution and not part of the problem.    Let me give you some examples of our deep concern here.    The Department of Defense Strategic Automated Command and Control System is 50 years old and runs on a 1970s IBM Series 1 computer that uses an 8-inch floppy disk.    This is an 8-inch floppy disk. It takes 3.2 million of these to equal one flash drive. So you can go get a flash drive down at Best Buy or you can get 3.2 million of these to get the same amount of data stored. And this is still what the Department of Defense is using.    I want to show a couple pictures here. These are from the brochure. This is what the Department of Defense in many ways is still using, nice 1970s, first-class brochures there. Those styles, that is styling. That is literally the kind of technology that we are using and up against.    DOD is only now, by the end of fiscal year 2017, finally scheduled to update parts of this system. It is good, but it is decades overdue.    The system reminds me, do you remember the movie WarGames, the WOPR, the War Operations Plan Response, from the 1983 movie? It is still like that, unfortunately.    The IRS Individual Master Files, sometimes called the IMF, which is the authoritative data source for individual taxpayer information, is also more than 50 years old. It is written in low-level computer code that is difficult to write and maintain.    The IRS has general plans to modernize and has made some progress, but provided no specific date on which the IMF will be turned off and the new system turned on. I hope that changes here today. Goals must have deadlines. Otherwise, they are just dreams, and we need specifics.    The really scary part about all this is that DOD and the IRS are not alone among the Federal agencies relying on legacy IT systems and unsupported software and operating systems.    So how do we fix this situation? How do we protect the Nation against the vulnerabilities that are inevitably there with such outdated technology?    We are going to hear a lot today about a proposal to establish a $3 billion IT modernization fund to help agencies move off of these legacy systems. There are three issues that I would like to mention proactively about this proposal. I think it is a serious proposal based on a lot of good work done in the private sector.    First, the GAO reported last week, at a joint IT-Government Operations Subcommittees hearing, there are millions of dollars' worth of savings still on the table from data center consolidation. To date, agencies have closed more than 3,000 of 10,500 data centers and achieved $2.8 billion in cost savings. Most of these savings are attributed to just four agencies, the Department of Commerce, the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, and Treasury. So there is much available in terms of savings still on the table.    I think I am much more inclined to allow CIOs who are achieving savings and have the foresight and plan to move forward to use those savings to upgrade legacy systems rather than simply writing a blank check for all CIOs, regardless of how well they are currently managing their resources.    Second, the committee wants to see progress on its FITARA implementation scorecard before giving CIOs additional resources. Under FITARA, CIOs now have a proper seat at the table.    To the men and women in the CIO positions, they must be qualified, motivated, and empowered to make decisions within their agencies, and they must be held accountable. The pattern of Fs moving to Ds, and Ds moving to Cs, and so forth, will go a long way to convincing the committee that CIOs will appropriately utilize additional resources allocated to modernizing legacy systems.    Third, I note that Mr. Milholland appears today under a subpoena. IRS Commissioner John Koskinen declined to allow Mr. Milholland to testify voluntarily and stated to the committee, and I quote, this comes from the letter, ``Spending time preparing for a hearing would take Mr. Milholland away from his important role in leading IT development and operation, and would be disruptive to the IRS.''    That is wholly and totally unacceptable. This is part of the solution, not part of the problem, and the accountability before Congress is part of this issue.    Preparing for, testifying at a hearing on IT issues in front of this committee does not take away from the important role. It is a key part of your important role.    The committee hopes IRS attitude and position is not widespread across the Federal Government. It is a change in attitude from the IRS Commissioner.    The IRS Commissioner insisted that he personally be here to testify, but we want to have the people who are actually responsible day-to-day and spend 100 percent of their day working on this issue. It is very frustrating.    Taxpayers deserve a government that leverages technology to serve them, rather than one that deploys unsecured, decades-old technology that places their sensitive and personal information at risk. We have a long way to go to get from COBOL to the cloud, but I am committed to helping us get there.    I know other members of the committee are working on this as well. I want to duly note Ranking Member Cummings, Chairman Hurd, Ranking Member Kelly, Chairman Meadows, and Ranking Member Connolly among those who are spending a significant amount of time trying to help tackle and solve the problem. I appreciate their insight and their participation.    This is not a partisan issue. We all need to come together on this, on both sides of the aisle. It is the right thing to do, and it is a vital part of the infrastructure that we need in order to have a fully functional government.    So we will have a good hearing today. I appreciate the witnesses being here.    I will now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for his comments.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I would like to ask unanimous consent to enter into the record two documents. The first is a spreadsheet demonstrating that, since President Obama took office until now, there is $6 billion in annual funding increases since the President took office. Despite the comments earlier, there are billions of dollars on an annual basis more being spent on IT.    I would also ask unanimous consent to enter into the record the GAO summary of major information technology acquisition failures. The total about $8 billion, things that have been started and scuttled, everything from NOAA to the Department of Defense to Veterans Affairs to Homeland Security. I ask unanimous consent to enter that into the record as well.    Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I want to hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    It is now time to recognize our witnesses.    I am pleased to welcome Mr. Dave Powner, director of IT management issues at the Government Accountability Office. I appreciate your expertise. You have testified before, and we are glad to have you here.    Mr. Terry Milholland, chief technology officer at the Internal Revenue Service at the Department of the Treasury, thanks for being with us again.    Mr. Terry Halvorsen, chief information officer at the Department of Defense. Again, we welcome you, Mr. Halvorsen, and your presence again before this committee.    Ms. Beth Killoran--did I pronounce it properly?    Chairman Chaffetz. Killoran. I believe this is your first time testifying in front of Congress, and we welcome you here today.    She is the acting Deputy Assistant Secretary for information technology and chief information officer at the Department of Health and Human Services.    Thank you for being here.    And the Honorable Tony Scott, the Federal chief information officer at the Office of Management and Budget.    Welcome and thank you all for being here.    Pursuant to committee rules, witnesses are to be sworn before they testify.    If you will please rise and raise your right hand?    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    We would appreciate you limiting your verbal comments to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be entered into the record. We will give you a little latitude, but if it gets to be too long, we will cut you off, so we can ask some pertinent questions.    But, again, we appreciate you being here.    Mr. Powner, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I appreciate it.    Mr. Milholland, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Halvorsen, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. You are now recognized for 5 minutes. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Scott, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Thank you all.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes, but I will yield my time to the chairman of the Subcommittee on IT, Mr. Hurd of Texas.    Chairman Chaffetz. We will now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman, because those last comments, I do agree with. I think that is the seminal question we have to get out and agree that is the question that we need to analyze on that particular piece of legislation.    I now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the ranking member of the Subcommittee in IT, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. We will soon. Thank you.    Mr. Meadows of North Carolina is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I'll recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize myself.    Mr. Milholland, you have been a good witness to us a couple times. You provide a lot of candor. The question is, why did we have to subpoena you this time to attend?    Chairman Chaffetz. Were you willing to testify without a subpoena?    Chairman Chaffetz. This is something we are going to have to continue to discuss, because on the one hand, in another committee, the IRS Commissioner said he was too busy and didn't have time to prepare, couldn't show up to answer hard questions. Then we have a hearing here, where we have to dive deep into how the IT systems are working, and he is begging to come and, in fact, told our office that we have to issue a subpoena to have Mr. Milholland come here.    I think it puts a bad light on the IRS. I think it puts a bad light on you personally. But I did want to clarify and appreciate your candor in saying that was totally and wholly unnecessary. We did it. It's paperwork. I can do it unilaterally, but I shouldn't have to do it. Nobody else required a subpoena to be here.    Again, it is not a personal reflection on you, but I think it is a personal reflection on Mr. Koskinen and the ridiculous manner in which he tries to manage a 90,000-person organization.    The Congress of the United States of America and certainly the Oversight Committee, we can talk to anybody at any time. We can investigate anything anywhere and we can call anybody we want before this committee, not just the Senate-confirmed IRS Commissioner. It is arrogant. It is beyond belief. And it continues to thwart our activities here in Congress.    And I am not letting go of this. I do think he should be impeached. I do think he should get out of government. He should do the right thing for this country, and somebody else should be at the helm. He was hired by the President with the best of intentions, and the President made a personal commitment. He made a personal commitment that we are going to work together. We are going to do is hand-in-hand. And that is not happening. And this is another example here today.    Enough of that speech about that. I do want to talk about the Obamacare files that were mentioned before.    Mr. Powner, do you have a position on this? Have you looked at how, from the GAO perspective, how this is going? It is a massive undertaking, a great vulnerability.    Have you done anything in this regard? Do you have any perspective on this?    Chairman Chaffetz. So the housing of all this data and information, I guess as a follow-up, Mr. Milholland, at the IRS, and certainly Mr. Powner from the GAO, we would love to, and request, if we need to do this formally, we will do it formally, but we would appreciate a keen eye on this, just because of the vulnerability and sensitivity and the sheer number of people that will be involved and engaged in this.    Chairman Chaffetz. I want to switch gears here to HHS, Health and Human Services.    This is your first time testifying, and I appreciate that. How long have you been working IT at HHS?    Chairman Chaffetz. A year and a half, okay.    The committee made a request. I thought it was a fairly benign request, and it gives us a perspective. We asked to identify the top three mission-critical IT systems in need of modernization. That seems like a simple request. Every other agency and department we asked for it was willing to cooperate. The only one that wasn't was HHS.    You claim that it was classified information. It is not the Department of Defense. This is not the CIA. This is Health and Human Services. Why claim it's classified?    Chairman Chaffetz. But you understand that that information that we are asking for is not classified, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. And you understand that the Oversight Committee can access classified information, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why should the committee have to come to you? Why do we have to go to look at in camera?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, well, here's what you need to understand. We are entrusted with nuclear secrets, CIA information, a lot of very sensitive information. You cannot as an agency start to make up new classifications and new rules saying, ``Well, we're sensitive and we don't trust Congress.'' We shouldn't have to go to HHS to review this information in camera.    In fact, it gives us a real sense that you really don't know what you're doing over there.    Chairman Chaffetz. Correct. You used a classified system to transmit it, but then when we request it, why do we have to ratchet this up?    Again, Health and Human Services has already identified one of the three systems to GAO, and another system that the HHS told us about was shut down.    We are just asking for the top-level review of what are the three mission-critical systems. Then we finally get to see one, and then it is figured out that you had to come back to us and say, ``No, it was really shut down.''    Can you see where you have a flashing red light over there at HHS that nobody else has?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay, just to be clear, and again, you strike me as an exceptionally nice person. You are going to provide--the request that we made, by this committee, you are going to provide those to us, correct?    You have a staff person there. Feel free to talk to them, if you want to confer.    But I need to know if we are going to get this information or not.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay.    I have some other questions, but let me recognize another member, and I will come back on another round here.    Let's recognize Mr. Lynch of Massachusetts.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I will recognize myself again. I want to pick up on Health and Human Services.    Health and Human Services, unlike the DOD, which has had significant cuts in its budget by billions of dollars in annual expenditure, Health and Human Services has more than doubled--doubled--the funding for your operations in the IT sector, going from roughly $5.6 billion to more than $13 billion. So they are in a totally different mode here.    Your responsibility includes CMS. Is that right?    Chairman Chaffetz. I want to talk about, for a second, Health and Human Services has to deal with Medicare appeals. And from the information I've read, the HHS Inspector General's Office reported that the Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals, OMHA, is still largely paper-based. It is so bad that Medicare contractors were converting records from electronic to paper format to send to administrative law judges.    Can you give us the status of where this is at and what is being done to solve this?    Chairman Chaffetz. Health and Human Services entered into a $1.3 billion settlement with hospitals to clear the backlog on Medicare appeals. This lack of automation, did that contribute to this problem?    Chairman Chaffetz. So with a little bit more specificity, when do we expect the implementation of this plan that CMS--is there a CMS plan?    Chairman Chaffetz. Are they building their own system or are they buying something or leasing something?    Chairman Chaffetz. Has that been contracted out yet?    Chairman Chaffetz. We will send a letter, but are you committed to providing us the details of that plan?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. That would be very helpful.    Let me go back to the Department of Defense here. The Department of Defense identified a system called the MOCAS, which stands for Mechanization of Contract Administration Services. It is an example of a mission-critical system scheduled for modernization. It had its 50th birthday in 2008, so it is a bit old. We congratulate on how robust it is.    But this contract management payment system for DOD is jointly managed by the Defense Contract Management Agency, the DCMA, and DFAS, the Defense Finance and Accounting System.    It was originally developed, as I said, back in the 1960s. It supports business processes for more than 350,000 DOD active contracts with roughly $1.6 trillion in contract obligations and entitlements valued at approximately $230 billion annually.    The DOD in 2014 released a request for information for ideas on how to modernize this. Can you give us a sense of where this monster is? And what is the plan is moving forward?    Chairman Chaffetz. When do you think you have a game plan in order to actually address this?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay.    One more question back for Health and Human Services.    Today, the committee issued a report about Cover Oregon. We looked at this for a year. The Federal Government, through HHS, gave the State of Oregon more than $300 million to develop a Web site. They never got a Web site. They never got any money back.    What is Health and Human Services doing about that?    Chairman Chaffetz. So the money that is appropriated to Health and Human Services for IT, help me on how it is broken down. So you don't feel any obligation, you have no responsibility to oversee the grants that are given?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay, you can let Health and Human Services--they are about to get some inquiries from the Oversight Committee about what obligation they think they have or don't have when they give out a grant. Because in this case, $300-plus million went out the door, again, no Web site and no money back.    I think there was a lot of misrepresentation. I think there was fraud. I think there are potential criminal elements to this that we have referred now to the Office of Attorney General here in the United States and also the Attorney General, who we believe who should recuse herself there in Oregon, because the mix of political with the government, it was something that I believe was done fraudulently.    We issued about a 150-page report, and we will continue to follow up.    But I appreciate the clarification, because the grant system is the majority of that IT budget, and it does make you wonder. We are looking for $3 billion. There is $7 billion that is given to HHS that is just given away to other entities not even within the Federal Government.    So if we want to go capture and claw back and find $3 billion to make major changes--I really am warming up to this idea that Mr. Hoyer has presented, and Mr. Cummings and others.    And I do believe you and your perspective, Mr. Scott.    This may be the type of area where maybe we are going to have to trim those feathers back in order to do the right thing with the Federal dollars and the Federal obligations.    I will now recognize Mr. Cummings for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I would just like to allow you each 30 or 45 seconds, you can go shorter or a little bit longer, if you want. What are the things the Congress, what would you like to see us do in order to make sure we are moving in the right direction?    Let's start with Mr. Scott and go this direction.    Mr. Powner, you take a lot longer, if you like.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Halvorsen?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I happen to agree. I think the personnel issue is probably as big as anything. Attracting the talent, retaining the talent, I mean, it's--I have a new son-in-law, a couple weeks old, this son-in-law. But he just graduated and that kid is more employable than I am, so I agree.    Mr. Milholland, you are now recognized.    Chairman Chaffetz. Again, not your fault, not your issue, the senior leadership, the Commissioner himself, is the number one impediment to moving those things forward. Nobody believes him. Nobody trusts them. He is not trustworthy.    I think that problem will continue to linger as long as he is the Commissioner. If he changes out, I think the world will change.    Mr. Powner, you are now recognized.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. It is important, and again, particularly to the agencies that are represented, and those that aren't, it really is the FITARA model, I think, is a way for us to gain perspective and set reasonable goals and do self-analysis and be candid in where we're at.    Again, I want to thank you all personally for your commitment to our country. It's a difficult thing. If this was easy, it would have been done a long time ago.    Making these transitions away from legacy systems, that is a major, major overhaul and very difficult project, to say the least.    So I appreciate your expertise and working with this committee and your presence here today.    The committee stands adjourned.