    Mr. Ashford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman,    And General and Mr. Secretary.    Pardon my parochialism, I am just going to have to ask kind of a broad question related back to our people in our district, University of Nebraska at Omaha . When we went to the--to see--I absolutely agree with you about President Ghani, and there is a lot of hope there, in his ability to start reforms in the armed services, open up discussions with Pakistan which are meaningful, apparently.    It was interesting, when we went in to visit with the President, one of his first comments to me was how is my friend Tom Gouttierre. And Tom, many of you probably know of Tom, but he started the Afghan studies program at UNO 35 years ago, and is a friend of the President's and they communicate. So that was nice to see.    Also, you know, the Peter Kiewit Institute at University of Nebraska at Omaha is doing research into ISIS and has had--in fact had been doing the research prior to June of last year. And the Ebola work done at the University of Nebraska Medical Center, and is pretty significant. And we are very proud of all that.    Having said that, I guess my question is, when I visit those institutions and talk to the principals, it is clear that not just the University of Nebraska, clearly, but all over the country, there are partners at that level who are sophisticated, significant partners in our efforts in the Mideast.    And would you comment on that, on how you foresee those partnerships continuing to develop and evolve and move forward?    Mr. Ashford. I just--I think that is absolutely right. And I think it does differentiate us from everywhere else in the world, really. And, you know, we are proud of what we have contributed in Nebraska, obviously, but every State has similar experiences.    One other--and thank you for that answer.    One other--this goes back really to Congresswoman Graham's question, and this is something that I am trying to figure out. Your comment about transitioning the military back into civilian life and the role of the Veterans Administration, I don't necessarily want to comment on that, but I know in Nebraska, we have had, as most--a lot of States have had, this infusion of new veterans, obviously, with distinct problems that are somewhat unique, are unique to a great degree to the Middle East, and the higher degree of disability claims and all of that.    And I know what we are trying to think about doing in Nebraska, in Omaha and Sarpy County, where Offut and STRATCOM is to think about developing sort of outpatient clinics, because we are seeing a real need of the veterans coming back now, the military coming back now and needing that sort of that outpatient in the mental health area, women's health issues that are not being addressed in the traditional mode.    I don't actually need a comment on that because that is a different department, but if you have any thoughts on that, kind of the new way of delivering health care.    Mr. Ashford. Right. And I agree. And my only thought would be that clearly in our area of the country where we have a robust medical system at the university and other facilities is, you know, being able to develop those new options as we move forward is part of our strategy in the Mideast generally and everywhere.    So thank you, Mr. Secretary.    Thank you, Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Gibson.