    Mr. Cox. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And on behalf of AFGE, I am proud to represent the dedicated Federal employees and the Federal Grain Inspection Service in Louisiana, Texas, Washington, and Oregon, as well as other locations throughout the country. And I appreciate the sincere efforts of this Subcommittee to take into account our views as lawmakers draft the reauthorization measure.    FGIS, with its successful record of over 4 decades of inspecting and weighing nearly 90 percent of the grain shipped to customers around the world, guarantees impartial and open trading which greatly facilitates U.S. grain exports. We understand that a small minority of voices demand that the reauthorization bill be used to privatize the weighing and inspection of grain. Of course, many of these same voices called for the privatization of grain inspection and weighing back in 2005, the last time the law was reauthorized. That ill-advised effort ultimately failed thanks to a broad coalition of farmers, consumers, and workers. There is no question that this important function must continue to be performed by reliable and experienced FGIS employees, and I strongly urge the Subcommittee to oppose efforts to use the reauthorization of the U.S. Grain Standards Act, or any other measure for that matter, to promote the privatization of this work. Privatization of FGIS would undermine America's guarantee of impartial and honest government-backed trading, which is relied upon by world buyers. The substitution of rubber-stamped inspections actually completed by industry paid inspectors would undermine international confidence in the integrity of U.S. agricultural exports.    We strongly urge you to ensure that the grain which America exports continues to meet the highest of standards expected by our trading customers, so that U.S. farmers who raise the best products in the world receive the prices they truly deserve. Thanks to the bipartisan Congressional effort that established FGIS, we have come a long way since the 1970s when a wholly privatized inspection process yielded a series of scandals that undermined confidence in the quantity and quality of U.S. grain exports; scandals which many believe contributed to a crash in grain prices in the middle of the decade, farm foreclosures, and the loss of significant numbers of family farms. AFGE and I believe America's farmers look to this Subcommittee to continue the record of bipartisan support for grain inspection and weighing performed by reliable and experienced Federal employees.    Thank you very much for your consideration of my testimony, I look forward to taking questions, and I yield back my time, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cox. There are approximately 200 inspectors that are employed. There are about 400 employees, some of them do various things, but about 200 inspectors nationwide.    Mr. Cox. Many of them have been doing it a lifetime because it takes about 2 years to train a person for them to be able to function to do the work of a good quality nature. It is not something that someone goes to school and automatically gets a degree and is prepared to do it.    Mr. Cox. I do not believe there is.    Mr. Cox. I couldn't say for sure, sir, that I am not an expert on the total grain inspection process, but I am told by our membership that they are quite capable of doing the work that is requested of them on a regular basis.    Mr. Cox. Yes.    Mr. Cox. We believe that the farm community wants Federal inspectors, and has had a good relationship with Federal inspectors. And I believe if you look back at the history of 40 years ago, things were not going very well in this country, and that is the reason that the government created Federal inspectors, to make sure that grain was meeting a proper standard, and that the weights were proper, and those type things. So I believe in general, farmers are happy with the service that the Federal inspectors provide, and the oversight, because some are states, some various things, but the government does provide the oversight of the general inspection process.    Mr. Cox. Yes----    Mr. Allen.--when this occurred?    Mr. Cox. Yes, sir, I am sure there was economic consequences that are felt any time that there is a labor dispute, sir, and I am very much aware of those.    Mr. Cox. It would appear that the Committee is certainly trying to work through various processes, and I believe from the knowledge that I have during the labor dispute that went on in the State of Washington that there were other companies in this country who were prepared to inspect grain and to move grain out of the country as such, and maybe people did not use them and move them around. I am not a total expert----    Mr. Cox. Clearly, the report speaks for itself, but also the fact that, again, you are dealing with a job, a profession, a trade, that is learned by doing it. You have to have an ongoing process where you have people actually do the work, learn how to do the work, are mentored in the process, and it is all on-the-job learning in the process. And to have a supply of people, yes, I believe that the government is going to have to have an element of oversight to make sure that people are on those jobs, trained in the jobs. And the cost-effectiveness, the report speaks for itself, and the inspection of a 1 a bushel, even from North Carolina, I know the size of a bushel----    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Yes.    Mr. Winkles.--as soon as possible. Thank you.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. I agree. Anyone else?    Mr. Cox. I think it is very, very important to get it done and to get it done quickly. I am sure all the Members of Congress, as well as myself, are always familiar what happens when we don't get legislation authorized, and we don't have monies appropriated, it becomes very chaotic for the entire country.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Yes.    Mr. Cox. I am not----    Mr. Cox. I do not have knowledge of all of that, sir.    Mr. Cox. I was here in Washington, D.C., not Washington State.    Mr. Cox. No, I am here to represent the Federal employees, yes.    Mr. Cox. I will be more than happy to make that request from the Secretary, but also I have the same----    Mr. Cox. I will certainly----    Mr. Cox. We will go to our rank and file members----