    Mr. Franks. The Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice will come to order. And without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time. And I'll begin with my opening statement. We welcome all of you here this afternoon.    Ten years ago last month, the Supreme Court handed down its now infamous decision Kelo v. City of New London. In that decision the Court held that the government may use its power of eminent domain to take property from homeowners and small businesses and to transfer it to other private entities for economic development purposes.    In Justice O'Connor's words, the Kelo decision pronounced that, ``Under the banner of economic development, all private property is now vulnerable to being taken and transferred to another private owner, so long as it might be upgraded.'' ``Nothing is to prevent a State from replacing any Motel 6 with a Ritz-Carlton, any home with a shopping center, or any farm with a factory.''    The Kelo decision was resoundingly criticized from across all quarters. In the aftermath of the decision, the House voted to express grave disapproval of the decision and overwhelmingly passed the Private Property Rights Protection Act to attempt to legislatively reverse the harmful effects of that decision.    Last Congress, the House once again passed this legislation with 353 Members voting in favor and only 65 Members voting against. Hopefully, during this Congress the Private Property Rights Protection Act will finally become law.    Too many Americans have lost homes and small businesses to eminent domain abuse, forced to watch as private developers replace them with luxury condominiums and other upscale uses. Congress must act to restore Americans' faith in their ability to build, own, and keep their property without fear that the government will take it and give it to someone else.    Unfortunately, the Court's decision in Kelo is not the only threat to property rights in America today. In addition to eminent domain abuse, Americans' property rights are regularly threatened by regulatory actions and land use restrictions that deprive them of the use of their property, often without providing any compensation at all.    These so-called regulatory takings limit property owners' use of their property to such a degree that the regulation effectively takes away most of the value of the property. Yet, unlike in many eminent domain cases, in regulatory takings cases the government rarely volunteers to compensate for the full financial impact the regulatory taking has on the value of the property. Property owners are then forced, often at great expense, to go to court to attempt to vindicate their property rights.    Of additional concern is a series of Supreme Court decisions that have effectively barred the Federal courthouse doors to virtually all takings claims involving State and local governments. Because of these precedents, it is nearly impossible for property owners to file suit in Federal court alleging that a State or local government effected a taking of their property in violation of the Federal Constitution.    I can think of no other instance in which American citizens are denied access to the Federal courts to vindicate their Federal constitutional rights. It's disconcerting that property rights claims are singled out to be confined to State court.    These are but a few of the issues that property owners face in America today. Although there have been several property rights victories in the Supreme Court since Kelo was decided, including the Court's recent holding that the government must pay just compensation when it takes personal property, just as when it takes real property, property rights in America remain at risk despite the Constitution's clear protections for these important rights.    As Chief Justice Rehnquist observed over two decades ago, there is ``no reason why the Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment, as much a part of the Bill of Rights as the First and Fourth Amendments, should be relegated to the status of a poor relation.''    So we've called today's hearing to examine the current state of property rights in America 10 years after the Kelo decision. I hope the witnesses can help inform us of how property rights are faring in the courts and in the face of increasing government regulation.    The protection of property rights lies at the foundation of American government. John Adams wrote over 200 years ago that property must be secured or liberty cannot exist. Thus, if our children are to live truly in a free society, we must now work to substantially undergird and secure the critical property rights guaranteed to all Americans by the United States Constitution.    And with that, I will now yield to the Ranking Member for his opening statement.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman.    And I would now yield to the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Goodlatte from Virginia.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman.    And I now yield to the Ranking Member of the Committee, Mr. Conyers, for his opening statement.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman. And all other Members' opening statements, without objection, will be made part of the record.    So let me now introduce our witnesses. Our first witness is Dan Alban, an attorney at the Institute for Justice, a nonprofit public interest law firm that represents people whose rights are being violated by the government. In 2005, the Institute for Justice represented Susette Kelo in her Supreme Court challenge of the taking of her home in New London, Connecticut. Mr. Alban litigates cases protecting free speech, property rights, economic liberty, and other individual liberties in both Federal and State courts.    Glad you're here, sir.    Our second witness is John Groen, an attorney at the Pacific Legal Foundation, the country's oldest public interest legal organization that litigates for property rights, limited government, and free enterprise. Mr. Groen has extensive experience in public policy litigation before all levels of Federal and State courts. He has been directly involved in many of the leading appellate decisions that have shaped land use law in State of Washington and has significant experience before the U.S. Court of Federal Claims in takings cases against the Federal Government.    Welcome, sir.    Our third witness, John Echeverria, a professor of law at Vermont Law School, where he teaches property, public law, and a wide range of environmental and natural resource law courses. Prior to joining the Vermont Law School faculty in 2009, he was for 12 years the executive director of the Georgetown Environmental Law and Policy Institute at Georgetown University Law Center. Professor Echeverria has also served as general counsel of the National Audubon Society and general counsel and conservation director of American Rivers.    Welcome, sir.    Our final witness is Brian Seasholes, director of the Endangered Species Project at Reason Foundation, a nonprofit foundation that produces nonpartisan public policy research on a variety of issues and publishes the critically acclaimed Reason magazine. Mr. Seasholes worked deals with wildlife and land use issues, especially the Endangered Species Act, property rights, wildlife conservation, the effects of wind and energy on wildlife and oil sands. Mr. Seasholes' writing have appeared in Forbes, National Review, The Christian Science Monitor, and the Washington Times.    Each of the witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety, and I would ask each witness to summarize his or her testimony in 5 minutes of less.    And to help you stay within that time there is a timing light in front of you. The light will switch from green to yellow indicating that you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns red, it indicates that the witness' 5 minutes have expired.    Now, before I recognize the witnesses, it is the tradition of the Subcommittee that they be sworn. So if you would please stand to be sworn.    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony that you are about to give will be the truth, the whole trust, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    You may be seated.    Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    So now I would recognize the our first witness, Mr. Alban. And, sir, if you'll make sure that microphone is turned on.    Mr. Franks. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Groen, am I pronouncing your name correctly, sir.    Mr. Franks. All right. Make sure that microphone is on, sir.    Mr. Franks. Thank you, Mr. Groen.    I would now recognize our third witness, Mr. Echeverria.    Is that the correct pronunciation?    Mr. Franks. And make sure you have got your microphone on, sir.    Mr. Franks. Thank you, sir.    And I would now recognize our fourth and final witness, Mr. Seasholes.    And, sir, if you'd make sure your microphone is on too.    Mr. Franks. Yes, sir.    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, sir, and thank you all for your testimony. We'll now proceed under the 5-minute rule with questions. I'll begin by recognizing myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Alban, I'll start with you, sir. Ten years have passed since the Kelo decision was handed down, and during that time the House has three times passed legislation on a broad bipartisan basis to address that decision. Most States have also enacted legislation, at least in part, that addresses the problem. Is there still a need for Congress to pass legislation to address Kelo further or would such an effort be a waste of time or redundant, in your mind?    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, sir.    And, Mr. Groen, I'd like to ask you two interrelated questions. First, if property owners were more fairly compensated for regulatory takings of their property, would this somehow threaten the ability of government to function? And second, given your experience in representing property owners, do you believe that the clients that you represent were out to impede the government's ability to operate or were they essentially just seeking to be compensated for the burdens that government has put on their ability to use and enjoy their land?    Mr. Franks. Mr. Seasholes, could you give us an example, sir, of an endangered or threatened species that has been harmed by how the Endangered Species Act treats property owners? And explain how a more broad, more balanced approach that protects both property rights and the environment would better serve that species than this current approach.    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, sir.    And I would now recognize the Ranking Member for his questions for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman.    I would now recognize the Chairman, Mr. Goodlatte, for his questions.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman.    I would now recognize Mr. King for his questions.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize Mr. DeSantis from Florida for his questions.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman.    And I apologize to the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan, for skipping over him.    Mr. Franks. I now recognize him for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman.    And certainly thanks to all the witnesses for attending. It was worth the hearing to me today to be reminded that property does not have rights, people have rights, and the diminishment of the people's rights in one area is a diminishment of their rights in other areas as well. And so we are grateful that you were here.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    And once again I thank all of the Members, the witnesses, and the people who attended today. And this hearing is adjourned.