    Mr. Grothman. I have a couple questions for Dr. Bruno. We have recently been through rather significant changes in our labor laws in the state of Wisconsin. And both in the public sector and private sector. The public sector--the private sector change is fairly recent. Haven't had time to analyze it.    But at least in the public sector, I can think of a few examples in which, because you don't have collective bargaining, individual employees were able to make more. And, of course, that is because under most labor union contracts, everybody is treated the same. And if you have one employee who is more productive than another employee, or you have one employee whose job is different than another employee but the labor union tries to put them all in the same box, people are denied their ability to make what their job would.    How do you justify telling a very productive employee or perhaps an employee whose job description is a little different than another employee that they have to have their wages artificially held down by a union contract that they are forced to pay to negotiate?    Mr. Grothman. Well, certainly, Dr. Bruno, you must know that in mostly every union contract the goal is to treat everybody the same. I am not saying it is impossible that someday there is going to be an enlightened union that treats different employees differently. But, for example, in a school system there are certainly jobs that are more demanding than other jobs and in your standard contract both employees are treated identically. You certainly must know that is the norm.    And as the result, you are holding back some employees who would naturally make more--from making more because of the union contract.    Mr. Grothman. Okay. I mean, I guess I find it hard to believe that you don't realize a goal that--maybe it is a good goal--is that whether you are a better or worse employee, you are all treated the same. But I am gonna give you one more question.    In your testimony, you said that corporate decision makers--surveys of corporate decision makers of right-to-work laws are not a defining factor in business location. Now, I believe they are. I have been told that by some business leaders. Usually, they qualify it by saying I am never gonna say that publicly. Because of course the unions are very powerful, and no person is publicly going to say I am putting my factory in Kentucky rather than Illinois because of a union situation.    Have you ever done studies of large businesses, maybe large foreign-owned businesses as they have a chance to choose whether they are gonna with be in one of the 25 right-to-work states or 25 states that aren't and seen overall when these companies, including--and I know there are a couple of exceptions--including, for example, foreign auto markers, where they decide to locate and whether or not that is an overwhelming factor. Because I--