    Mr. Pocan. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being with us this morning.    Mr. Pocan. Good to see you. Thanks for being here today.    And you know, I think we all agree that far too many people don't have enough money put aside to live comfortably in retirement and we need to do something to reverse this trend. And I really appreciate the work that you and your Department are doing to ensure that Americans savings for retirement are able to receive investment advice that is in their best interest.    I appreciate the open-comment period and extension for the extra 15 days as well. And I think one of the things that you have said over and over is in order for this rule to be successful it must be workable. And I think that is where I just have a few issues that I would like to bring up, just that people brought up to me that I think are something I hope you are looking at closely that maybe we can have some impact on.    I would echo Dr. Foxx's comment about this idea on signing a contract with an adviser. I think it does need some clarity and clarification.    While I completely disagree that the U.S. Chamber and NFIB represent small business, I have been a small-business owner for 28 years, I work in a business-to-business market, a fraction of 1 percent aren't members of those organizations.    But you do know your thing. You are a chef, you may not be the best businessperson, but you certainly may not be your best retirement adviser, right?    But it does have some questions about whether or not if you have to sign a contract right away, it isn't just asset allocation, you might have some broader questions about, you know, I want to do this in retirement, what should I be looking at. It is just a step further. But if you have to sign a contract for that, it is something that seems larger, I think, than just getting some initial advice.    So you know, I guess I would just like to associate myself with the comments on that, but just kind of really raise that issue, because I was talking to another Democrat on the floor yesterday and this issue came up with that person as well. So I think more of us do look at this as something perhaps a little bigger and would appreciate any consideration you can give to that.    Mr. Pocan. And let me raise a couple more, if I could, just while I have got the time.    Mr. Pocan. Another one is there has been some concern over the data that is being collected as part of the rule, both from a substantive perspective and from the cyber security perspective. And you have probably heard some of these through the comment process.    A few of the things were, like, if you represent the investment fees versus the return it can be misleading on the type of investments. Some investments are more like apples, some are more like oranges, but now we are going to try to combine them completely.    There have been some conversations about the six years of sensitive data that we are going to collect just making sure that doesn't become something that is a collection of data that isn't as useful.    And then there is a very specific about, you know, if someone makes a good-faith mistake versus something that instantly puts them into the excise tax area.    Those are some of the things that came up. But also then, I guess, is this question on the cybersecurity levels and whether DOL has the funding within the Department to make sure they are going to have that.    We know we aren't great at appropriations around here. We want to make sure that is all in place. So that is another level, I guess, I would just like to raise real quickly.    And I do have one more after that.    Mr. Pocan. Yes, looking at it, I appreciate it. And the last thing I would say with only seconds left, just real quickly, on the eight month thing, a few folks have said it is a little short. Can you just tell me how the eight month idea for implementation came in mind and where we are in flexibility?    Mr. Pocan. Yes. And we will relate some of these concerns directly to you.    Mr. Pocan. I just really appreciate the openness, again. I think, you know, every time you have come to this committee you have been one of the most open folks that I have dealt with in my two-1/2 years here. And thank you for--