    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, you and I have been looking at each other across these 2 tables for 4 hours. We both should have medals for doing this, but I am thrilled to death that we finally have a chance to have a dialogue, sir. You received a very large agency, Mr. Castro, about 8,000 employees with an annual budget of $46 billion. Is that right, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay, and Mr. Tipton mentioned just a minute ago, along with others, that you folks backstop with taxpayer dollars more than half of every home mortgage in America. Is that correct, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you, and you do that by using, again, taxpayer dollars to backstop this insurance in the event that there is a problem in the market. Now in 2007, before the housing crash, before the Great Recession, you folks had about $410 billion worth of mortgage insurance for which the taxpayers were on the hook. Now, that number is $1.1 trillion. Okay. So my question is, and to dovetail what Mr. Tipton said, how big do you want to get, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Yes, $1.1 trillion, sir.    Mr. Poliquin. Is $2 trillion--how about $3 trillion, maybe $4 trillion? Do you have a number, sir? You must have a plan. You are running a very large, very significant organization. You must have a business plan. How big do you want to get, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Do you think going from $410 billion before the housing market crash now to $1.1 trillion, and you have just said, I think, or you implied that you are not quite sure how far you want to go, do you think that increases the risk to the taxpayer who is backing up your product or not, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. I think we can both agree it probably increases the risk to the taxpayer since they are more on the hook now than they were several years ago, is that correct?    Mr. Poliquin. But the taxpayer is on the hook for $1.1 trillion.    Mr. Poliquin. But they are on the hook for $1.1 trillion, is that correct?    Mr. Poliquin. We have been sitting here for 4 hours, Mr. Castro, looking at each other. It is a very straightforward question. We are on the hook for $1.1 trillion.    Mr. Poliquin. But if there were to be claims, we would be on the hook for that amount of money, is that correct?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay, the mortgage bankers have indicated with data that FHA loans are much more delinquent than those from the nongovernment financial institutions. We have talked about that. In addition to that, your mission statement says, in part, operate with a high degree of public and fiscal accountability, fiscal prudence. Do you think having a huge government organization that is responsible for more than half of all the mortgage insurance in America that puts the taxpayers on the hook for $1.1 trillion, and then you folks don't know how big you want to get, do you think that lives up to your mission statement of being fiscally accountable, fiscally prudent, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Let's talk about the private sector, Mr. Castro, if you don't mind. I believe that your organization is a classic example of a large government entity that is crowding out nongovernment entities from participating in this market, that puts the taxpayers more and more on the hook because you want to get, presumably, as big as you can. Now, is there someone by the name of Carol Galante who works for you, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Does she work with you now? Is she at your organization?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. About a year-and-a-half ago, she indicated that you folks, and I will be thrilled to end this way, sir, would be open to an opportunity to help open up the mortgage insurance market to nongovernment entities. Would you be willing to consider having nongovernment entities work in tandem with you folks such that they can participate in a market that you now dominate that will add more jobs and more stability to the housing market? Would you be interested in that, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Yes, it is.    Mr. Poliquin. Great. I will call your office tomorrow, and I appreciate it very much. Thank you, Mr. Castro.