    Mr. Eastman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and all the Members of the Committee. And I am particularly delighted to be here again. I worked closely with now Governor Deal when he was here.    And I am so happy, Representative King, that you are taking up the charge. I think this is an extremely important issue.    Congress has the power over naturalization. It is a plenary power, and that means you get to set the policy of how large or small, how understrained or restrained our restriction--our immigration into this country is going to be. The Founders did that by design because it is an inherently political question.    The question for us is, whether one of the three great magnets to violating or ignoring the policy you set out can be addressed by statute or whether it requires a constitutional amendment. Those three magnets are, of course, an opportunity for a job, employment; access to our huge welfare benefits; and access to the Holy Grail of American citizenship.    Both members that talked about the Constitution's 14th Amendment rightly focused on the phrase ``subject to the jurisdiction.'' If that phrase is not to be entirely redundant, it has to mean something other than being born on U.S. soil, and that something is allegiance. And I think, if you look at the debates in Congress, if you look at the language of the 1866 Civil Rights Act, if you look at the first couple of Supreme Court cases to address this issue and the legal commentators, including the most prominent one at the time, Thomas Cooley, they all recognize that the ``subject to the jurisdiction'' clause meant allegiance-owing.    There were two kinds of jurisdiction that was recognized in international law at the time. One they called mere partial or territorial. The other they called complete or whole jurisdiction. And it is the latter that the 14th Amendment refers to.    The best way I can describe this is to imagine a foreign national, say, from Great Britain who comes to visit the United States as a tourist. When he is here, he is subject to our laws. He drives on the right side of the road rather than the left side of the road as he does at home. But that does not make him subject to our other jurisdiction. He doesn't become a citizen. He doesn't participate in our political process. He can't be tried for treason if he takes up arms against us, although taking up arms would be subject him to other recourse. It is that lack of allegiance that makes him not subject to the jurisdiction in the full and complete sense that was envisioned by the 14th Amendment.    And so, too, today there are people who are here lawfully and permanently who we have recognized as having some extent of allegiance to the United States. And their children will be deemed automatic citizens by virtue of this 14th Amendment. That was the holding and the full extent of the holding of the Wong Kim Ark case in 1898.    Mr. Wong Kim Ark was a child of lawful permanent residents in the United States who had done everything we allowed them to do to demonstrate their allegiance to the United States. They were not here on tourist visas. They were not here as temporary sojourners, to use the language of the day. They were here permanently, had taken up domicile as well as residence in the United States.    And the language that Representative Lofgren quoted from that case, there was a particular phrase in it that she said, ``in the allegiance'' of the United States, the Court held.    That meant it fit within the language of the 14th Amendment in a way that temporary visitors here--temporary visitors who may have come here legally and then overstayed their visa and were now here illegally and certainly temporary visitors who were never here legally in the first place, who never had been granted the consent of the United States to be here, who owed no allegiance to the United States and, in fact, continue to owe allegiance to their home country--their children, through them, owe allegiance to the home country, not to the United States, and are, therefore, not subject to the jurisdiction in that full sense.    That is not only what the Constitution sets out and requires, but it is phenomenally good policy because, otherwise, the fundamental break we made with the old feudal system--that if you were born on the sovereign soil, you shall forever more be a subject of that sovereign--the fundamental break we made with that idea in the Declaration of Independence is we form a body politic by mutual consent. If we are to accept this newfound version of birthright citizenship, that no matter how you get here, how little you have obtained consent for being here, you can demand automatic citizenship, blows a hole through that notion of consent of the governed. And until we get back to the Declaration's understanding of consent that is what creates citizens and what creates a people and a body politic, you will never be able to have any limitations on our immigration policy at all.    I think the various bills that have been proposed over the years clarify that that constitutional language creates a floor, and how far above that floor we want to go is a matter of policy judgment for the Congress.    I would suggest one thing: We have, for the last 40 or 50 years, adopted the notion by piecemeal and by osmosis almost that mere birth on U.S. soil is enough, and a lot of people have come to rely on that. So you might say: Let's get this fixed and clarified going forward, but for those people over the last 50 years who have relied on it, let's grant them citizenship as well retroactively, but let's make clear that that grant of citizenship is pursuant to Congress' naturalization powers, not because it is mandated by the 14th Amendment.    And I think if you do that, you will put on--this body on very clear record of what your understanding of the constitutional floor is.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Eastman. Well, I think it does that, but it also does much more.    And the reason the Indian example is so important and the Supreme Court's holding in Elk v. Wilkins in 1884 is so important is they were neither ambassadors and they were not foreign invaders occupying our territory. They were born in the United States, but the Supreme Court held that they did not owe allegiance to the United States because they owed allegiance to another power. And it's that question, ``do you owe allegiance to another power,'' which those who are here visiting temporarily on tourist visas or temporary work or student visas and particularly those who are only here illegally continue to owe allegiance to a foreign power and, therefore, are not subject to the jurisdiction in that broader sense. And to read that clause as narrowly as Mr. Cohen does, as the dicta in Wong Kim Ark did, as the footnote in Plyler v. Doe and is not a holding at all in that case, I think is to make that clause largely redundant.    The main force it would do under that view is to protect--to exclude the children of ambassadors, but they are already considered not born in the United States because of the fiction of extraterritoriality, that you know, the sovereignty of the ambassador follows him wherever he goes. And so it doesn't even do any work on that thing. You know, all of the original understanding, the debates in the 14th Amendment, the early Supreme Court cases and what have you, all added this allegiance piece, that it was subject to the complete jurisdiction, not what we call the mere territorial or partial jurisdiction.    Mr. Eastman. You know, Mr. Feere may have a broader answer than I do. My suspicion is that they recognized that automatic citizenship was a powerful magnet to avoid the immigration laws of the country. It's not as powerful as the welfare state, and it's not as powerful as the employment magnet, I'll concede that. But it is the third most powerful one. And if you're going to have, as I testified at the beginning, if you're going to have anything other than just a free open border, if you're going to have rules about lawful immigration, you have to address those magnets. And I don't think our Constitution compels that we address it in the way we have, and that's the big fight.    Mr. Eastman. I agree with you, Congressman, and the point of the Indian exchange is because that was where the question of your sovereign allegiance was risen.    Indian tribes were domestic sovereigns. They were domestic dependent sovereigns, and so if that was not sufficient, they owed ultimate allegiance through their tribe to the United States and that was held not to be sufficient to confer automatic citizenship, then almost by definition, somebody who doesn't even have that intermediate connection to allegiance to the United States would not be covered by the 14th Amendment. That's why that discussion is so relevant.    And this exchange about gypsies. I want to real clarify. Representative--or Senator Cowan thought that it would not apply to gypsies. When he's talking about they're trespassers, he's not talking about them being trespassing in the United States. He's talking about them trespassing on private land wherever they go. And the answer was, of course, their children are going to be citizens because they are here lawfully otherwise and they owe allegiance to the United States. Senator--he said Senator Cowan said if a traveler comes here----    Mr. Eastman. That's right. And he says if a traveler comes here, he gets the protection of our laws. That's the partial territorial jurisdiction of which Mr. Cohen claims is what the phrase means. Senator Cowan--Conness responds: I fail to see how that has anything to do with our 14th Amendment discussion because we're not talking about territorial jurisdiction. We're talking about the allegiance owing jurisdiction, and of course, if they're here lawfully, they owe the allegiance. That was the key for them.    And so when you introduce a group of people who do not have that allegiance, by virtue of the fact that there is no consent that they be here, that they are here unlawfully, that clause in the Constitution simply doesn't mean that they have automatic citizenship.    Mr. Eastman. Representative Smith, I agree. And I will say this, if Mr. Cohen was correct, that the 14th Amendment was clear, then the only way you can remove birthright citizenship would be by a constitutional amendment. The dispute here is whether that phrase ``subject to the jurisdiction'' is clear, and I think that the legislative record, the early Supreme Court cases, make clear that it doesn't mean automatic birthright citizenship for everybody, but it's at least ambiguous.    And Congress weighing in on what it understands that phrase to mean would be an important step. Wong Kim Ark clearly does not settle the question for the children of illegal immigrants, neither does the Plyler v. Doe. And it's important to understand how high the floor that the Constitution set and how much it intruded on your power over naturalization when we adopted the 14th Amendment because the further higher up we read that phrase, the less power the Congress has under its naturalization clause. And so there's a direct conflict here that needs to be sorted out.    Mr. Eastman. That is correct.    Mr. Eastman. Sure. And if I may incorporate an additional brief response to Representative Jackson Lee in that because I think it's important to get beyond the gotcha game that's going on here.    The reason even illegal immigrants are protected by the due process and equal protection clause is because those phrases use the word ``person,'' all persons. There's nobody that claims that they are equally protected by the privileges and immunities clause, which applies only to citizens.    The question for the citizenship clause is in which box illegal immigrants fall. Are they citizens entitled to all three protections in the 14th Amendment or persons who are not citizens that get due process and equal protection rights as well?    And it's my contention and Professor Graglia's contention that the ``subject to the jurisdiction'' clause raises an additional requirement than mere birth on U.S. soil. Clarifying that to what the floor of the Constitution actually requires is critically important so that you can address the policy questions on whether it makes any sense whatsoever to have limitations on immigration and yet, if you flout our laws, you get the Holy Grail of American citizenship. And I don't think the Constitution prevents you from addressing that fundamental policy question. And the notion that it does, I think is absurd. And that's what we're trying to clarify here.    Mr. Eastman. Yes, I am.    Mr. Eastman. No. I don't. And, quite frankly, I'm stunned--and Representative Lofgren made the same error. The language that they're both quoting, in his testimony and her opening statement, is from the dissenting opinion in that case.    The majority actually held that the individual was not a U.S. citizen, despite the fact that they were born in New York. Justice Story goes on to offer further explanation in his dissenting opinion, and he says this: To constitute a citizen, the party must be born not only within the territory--that's birth within the United States--but within the legiance of the government. That's exactly the point I've been making about what the 14th Amendment requires.    Mr. Eastman. Well, I suppose based on the same rationale. I would hope the next President of the United States would take more seriously the obligations of the Constitution than, I think, this President has manifested on that precise issue. I don't think he has the constitutional authority to do that.    And I'll go back to what I said before. If--if Mr. Cohen is right that the Constitution mandates birthright citizenship for everyone born in the United States no matter what the circumstances, it would take a constitutional amendment to revise that. I believe he's wrong about that. I believe all the evidence strongly supports that he's wrong about that. That's the issue that remains open and that needs to be tested.