    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is a very great privilege I have to introduce not just Corporal Mike Griffin but a friend of mine. Mike and I used to meet just about every Friday morning to have breakfast, and in his words, he says just to help me stay grounded.    Mike has worked with the Tulsa Police Department for 17 years and spent 12 of those years in an undercover capacity conducting drug investigations. For the past 10 years, he's been a supervisor within the department's narcotics unit. Previously, Corporal Griffin was with a special agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms. He has also served as a member of the Oklahoma Army National Guard. Mike, thank you for being here today.    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Mike, thank you again for taking the time to come up here and give your professional opinion.    Earlier this year, the Oklahoma Department of Health released a report that showed that heroin deaths in Oklahoma had increased tenfold in the past 5 years, and between 2007 and 2014, treatment centers in Tulsa County saw a 99 percent increase of those being admitted for heroin and prescription drug use. That is astounding, and one thing that we constantly hear about is where are the drugs coming from, and Mike, being that you have worked--or Corporal Griffin, sorry--being that you have worked undercover for literally 12 years, you continue to arrest people in Tulsa and some places even farther than that, but where does the barrier happen? What are your limitations?    Mr. Mullin. And Corporal Griffin, your job is to catch the bad guy, and once you catch the first person, sometimes that is the user, maybe it is the seller, but you try tracking it back as far as you can go?    Mr. Mullin. Are you being successful at that?    Mr. Mullin. Mr. Fitz, Corporal Griffin, his team, they make the arrest. The paperwork ends up on your desk. What happens at that point?    Mr. Mullin. Corporal Griffin, you have a tremendous amount of knowledge about meth too.    Mr. Mullin. Corporal Griffin made a statement right at the end of it, and Mr. Chairman, if you would indulge me just an extra minute? Corporal Griffin made a statement that he feels like he is a hamster on the wheel. Although he believes in the process, it revolves over and over again. Do you see that same thing happening in the court system? I mean, do you see the same people coming back over and over again?    Mr. Mullin. Corporal Griffin, Mr. Fitz, thank you so much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.