    Ms. GORDON. Thank you so much, and good afternoon, Chairman Rice, and Ranking Member Chu and distinguished members of the Subcommittee. I really appreciate being invited to discuss the very important topic of small lenders and access to capital.    Small lenders, as everyone has discussed today, play a critical and unique role in meeting America's credit needs. They often serve nonmetropolitan areas poorly served by larger institutions, and they focus their lending on everyday customers, such as small businesses and families.    Over the past five years, a number of indicators of health of small banks have shown consistent improvement--financial performance, overall health, the overall lending. It is absolutely certain though that the overall number of small institutions continues to decline. As Ranking Member Chu noted, this trend began decades ago, and the pace of that decline, kind of the slope of the line on the chart in my testimony, has not been affected by any individual regulation or piece of legislation, including the Dodd-Frank Act, which, of course, is a very large set of regulations.    Now, this makes sense because the pressures driving the decline in small bank are not just regulatory pressures, although, of course, that is a factor. It is also unlikely that a decline would have been triggered at the moment of signing of the Dodd-Frank Act because it took quite a while for the provisions to be implemented. In fact, they are not all implemented yet. Even the CFPB was not open for business until a full year after the act was passed.    Other factors driving this decline all surround the simple fact that in today's complex financial market, size matters. The vast majority of small banks that have exited the industry have actually merged or consolidated. Less than 20 percent of those exits have been due to failure or simply exiting the business entirely. So those banks are still out there doing business in a larger form.    Now, these pressures are because larger financial institutions engage in a wide variety of activities and serve a broad array of markets and that better insulates them. When particular business lines or markets are experiencing difficulties, they can rely on economies of scale. A very big factor, and one of the pressing challenges facing all lenders today, is the rapid pace of technological change and innovation. Today's customers demand everything from online lending on mobile devices to cloud-based systems where documents and other items can be stored. And these demands can be tougher to meet for small lenders, many of which have aging and inflexible technology infrastructures and limited staff and financial resources for projects of that nature. There is also the weak demand that Mr. Lux talked about, that the economy is still recovering from the worst downturn since the Great Recession. And because of the terrible mortgage lending in the run-up to the crisis, the loss in home equity, which is generally the largest source of capital for starting small businesses has, you know, was hit very, very hard, and there is still a lot of negative equity out there and people are reluctant to tap their equity.    So, you know, while, of course, regulatory compliance is part of the challenge, policymakers have recognized that, which is why many of Dodd-Frank's provisions do not actually apply to the smaller institutions. Enhanced supervision only applies to the very largest institutions, and only four out of approximately 5,900 community banks must undergo stress tests.    Small lenders also are exempt from many of the new rules governing mortgage lending, which gives them much more flexibility than larger lenders. And if they were willing to take advantage of this flexibility, they could see a significant competitive advantage in the marketplace.    Now, no regulation is perfect, and we have supported a number of small regulatory changes that could reduce compliance costs without weakening consumer protections or endangering safety and soundness. And there is a targeted regulatory reform package supported by the ranking members of both the House Financial Services Committee and the Senate Banking Committee that would ease some of the burden. You know, relates to things like the exam schedule that I believe Mr. Eagerton mentioned.    Unfortunately, some of the more sweeping legislative proposals, particularly the very large package that passed the Senate Banking Committee, uses the rhetoric of helping small banks to advance the regulatory reform agenda of larger banks, and that could actually increase and accelerate that chart that Chairman Rice showed earlier of the big banks having more business and cement the advantages that those institutions have relative to the smaller institutions. So we need to be very careful about that.    If we really want to help small lenders, what we need is a strong, proactive agenda to help upgrade technology, improve marketing, and gain access to cloud-based resources that can help smaller institutions work more like larger ones. We also need an agenda to support entrepreneurship and formation of small business, whether it is providing people with higher quality education, portable benefits that prevent job lock, upgrading investments and technology.    Ms. GORDON. And welcoming new entrepreneurs through our immigration system. An agenda like that would address the obstacles facing small business without putting America's taxpayers on the hook again for risking unsustainable lending practices.    Thank you for inviting me today, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. GORDON. I spoke about some of this in my earlier testimony. And just to hone in on a few things, we went through a very, very bad financial crisis, and that impacted a variety of things. For one thing, the decline in home equity was monumental. Home equity is a key resource that people use when they are starting or expanding home businesses. Even now as we are coming out of that period of negative equity, consumer confidence remains shaky and we see particularly in the mortgage market people unwilling to borrow against their homes or concern that they are actually not back in positive equity.    I will say there is an area, something we can all agree on is that in terms of mortgage lending, the pendulum has swung too far in the opposite direction. And what is interesting is much of that is not so much because of the Dodd-Frank rules, per se. What you hear from Fannie and Freddie and FHA, which are the major secondary market channels for mortgage lending right now, is that banks themselves are placing what we call overlays on the credit box established by those secondary market entities because those banks themselves are feeling very, very risk averse, no doubt due to the pressures that we have all been through over the last decade. And it is particularly interesting in this Committee where, as you know, starting a small business is a risky thing and really, people have to take chances. And we are in an environment now where our lenders do not appear to take any chances at all. And that is not so much about regulation because there actually have not been enforcement actions against the type of institutions represented at the table here. In fact, these institutions are exempt from most of the mortgage rules. They are exempt from parts of QM. They can still continue to make balloon loans. They do not have to deal with escrow accounts for higher price loans. If they are holding loans in portfolio, they do not have to adhere to the QM debt-to-income ratio restrictions. So they have got a lot of flexibility that they could use to compete. But what I have heard when I talk to lenders is that their lawyers and their risk offers are telling them, ``Do not do it. Do not do it. Do not try it.'' And that is not a question of the rule needing to be changed; that is something about the environment that we need to change.    I think we should all be very open to ensuring that the regulations are applying to the right group. If there are some exemptions that need to be widened to bring in a few more institutions with higher asset sizes because of all this consolidation, we should look at that. You know, again, things like exam schedules, make sure they are not too burdensome. But some of the core changes of Dodd-Frank, like requiring that lenders check whether a borrower can pay back a loan before they make that loan, it is a shame we ever had to regulate about that. That should have been common business sense, but it was widely disregarded and that led to the crisis. So we need that rule.    Ms. GORDON. Well, what we know today is that when someone gets a mortgage, we are probably supporting what I call ``home ownership,'' rather than just home buyership. The importance of the home is that you can afford it and you can sustain it over the life of the loan. So people getting loans now, especially under the new stringent requirements, that are much more likely to be successful and to build wealth. We do need to take some actions to reduce these overlays so that more people can get into the market, and a lot of that has to do with working with Fannie, Freddie, and FHA to give more certainty to lenders about when they are going to get a buyback request.    Ms. GORDON. Absolutely the big banks. We will just take as an example the question of exemptions from the qualified mortgage requirement for loans held in portfolio. And as we know, loans held in portfolio, the incentives tend to be aligned better than for loans that are sold into the secondary market and securitized. The community banks represented at this table already have that exemption and there is a proposal out there to raise the threshold of asset size for that exemption.    I will note something interesting there which I think when we are changing these definitions, if we do broaden some of these definitions, it might make sense to look less at asset size per se than actually at what kind of business the institution engages in. The FDIC has some criteria they look at about what kinds of business you are doing so that folks doing that kind of bread and butter business, lending to small businesses, lending to families, can be defined that way as opposed to businesses doing something more complex and up there in the derivatives market or something.    Ms. GORDON. Can I add one thing about loan closings? Which is, the CFPB just undertook a big study of loan closings because they were very concerned about that thick package of closing documents. And to their surprise, as well as frankly mine, they found that only a handful of those documents had to do with federal regulatory requirements. The vast majority, more than half of those documents, are required by the banks themselves. So if they want to get rid of them, that is actually in their control. It turned out not to be in the CFPB's control.    Ms. GORDON. I mean, you are posing a very, very important question, which is if there is a problem with regulatory burden, do you address it by exempting the smaller institutions, thereby giving them potentially a competitive advantage in the marketplace? Or do you address it by getting rid of those regulations all together, which leaves the small institutions still subject to the same disadvantages relative to large ones that they have been for a long time? And I have been very interested to hear from a lot of small institutions that do not seem to realize which exemptions they have. Not only are small institutions exempted from a number of these rules, but a number of these rules do not apply to the smallest loans. And there I think you have real questions about how this is working.    Ms. GORDON. No, that is absolutely true. But I have heard from banks come and tell me, ``I cannot do this kind of loan, that kind of loan, or that kind of loan.'' And that is what their risk officers or their lawyers are telling them, and it is just not right.    Ms. GORDON. Absolutely. And I----    Ms. GORDON. Exactly. I completely agree that they should be exempted from a number of these roles.