    Mr. Jeffries. I thank the distinguished Chair. And I thank the witnesses for your presence here today.    I want to follow up on that discussion from my good friend from the great State of--the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Mr. Cook, I know you've expressed concerns as it relates to the notice requirement. And I think in your testimony you refer to the provisions as a red alert tool that could notify an individual that he or she is under investigation. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. And if you could just kind of walk me through a series of responses as it relates to the particular concern that you've got with the notice provision. Because it's my understanding that section 4 permits up to 10 days of delayed notice. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. And is it your view that the 10 days is inadequate?    Mr. Jeffries. Right. But this bill doesn't necessarily impose that obligation. It's a default provision, but there are steps that the government can take under exigent circumstances. I wouldn't think that it would be sound public policy to create a law that simply applies in the instance of the terrorist context where this is a country of 300-plus million people that values their privacy rights, so there has got to be an appropriate balance between the legitimate ability of law enforcement to help keep us safe and to prosecute wrongdoers to the full extent of the law, and the civil rights and civil liberties of American citizens. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, as it relates to sort of the 10 days delay, if the government concludes that additional delay is warranted, this bill, correct, provides for a court to make that determination that the notice can be delayed indefinitely. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. Right, but after that 180-day period expires, the government can go back to the court and request another 180-day delay. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. But there are times that an Article III judge can reasonably, or a magistrate that's not an Article III judge, but an Article III judge or magistrate could reasonably disagree with the government as it relates to privacy protections and potential overreach. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Mr. Calabrese, could you speak to the adequacy of this notice requirement in your view?    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you. I yield back.