    Mr. Connolly. I thank the chair, and I thank the ranking member.    And, boy, can I relate to your frustration, Mr. Chairman, asking for a document and not being given it. Why, Mr. Cartwright and I have asked for a simple document from Mr. George himself.    Mr. George, on February 5, 2014, we filed a complaint against you with the Integrity Committee of the Council of IGs raising serious concerns over the troubling activities of your office under your leadership: publishing incomplete and misleading findings, engaging in partisan activities, meeting solely with Republicans on this committee, excluding Democrats, and allowing it to determine the scope of your audit.    On September 17, I requested a copy of your response to the contents raised in our letter--September 17, 5 months ago. The next day, your counsel assured our staff in an email you would respond to the request. To this date, you have not responded to the request.    I really sympathize with the chairman's frustration of not getting documents. We didn't subpoena you, but your office assured us we'd get a copy. Where is the copy of your response to our complaint before the Integrity Committee of CIGIE?    Mr. Connolly. Actually----    Mr. Connolly. Let me make two points to that, Mr. George.    First of all, with respect to your privacy rights, let me quote from the Integrity Committee of CIGIE with respect to privacy. ``We are not presently aware of a restriction imposed by the Privacy Act to provide one's own response.''    Second, your staff indicated by email you would be responsive 5 months ago.    Now, if you need a written request from Mr. Cartwright and myself, I've asked my staff to present it to you right now.    Mr. Connolly. Here is a written request that we are asking for a simple document, your response to our complaint before     Mr. Connolly. Happy to do so, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Connolly. But, I mean, we can't have it both ways in this committee. We can't be complaining about the fact that IRS, having provided tens of thousands of documents, hasn't provided every little thing we want--fine--and we're willing to subpoena, and we're willing to waive Fifth Amendment rights and everything else, when the TIGTA himself has not provided a copy, a simple document, your response to our complaint. We think we're entitled to it.    You want a written request? You've got it, Mr. George.    Mr. Connolly. We know nothing about an exoneration.    And, for the record, Mr. Cartwright and I are going to resubmit the complaint, because the response we got was so bureaucratic and inadequate in one paragraph. And because you were unresponsive, we feel we have to reopen this investigation and ask the new chairman of CIGIE to cooperate with us. And we're going to do that. We're going to pursue that, Mr. George.    We feel you can't--if you're the guardian of IRS documents and you yourself are the subject of an investigation or a complaint and you won't provide one document, whatstanding have you got to advise this committee about how we retrieve or capture documents we're seeking?    Mr. Connolly. Yes.    Mr. Connolly. We look forward to it, Mr. George.    Mr. Connolly. I've been waiting for over 5 months.    Mr. Connolly. Oh, really.    Mr. Connolly. Well, we'll see about that, won't we, Mr. George?    Mr. Connolly. Yes, it is.    I yield back.    Mr. Connolly. Would my friend yield?    Mr. Connolly. I thank my friend. And he also is my friend.    Now, I'm not a fancy country lawyer from South Carolina like my friend, but I would say it's a neat trick to attack folks on partisanship but to try to nullify our concerns about that very subject here with respect to Mr. George himself.    The objectivity, Mr. George, is very much in doubt.    And if my friend wants to draw us into a letter questioning the objectivity of the partisan activities of a lawyer at the Department, we're happy to entertain that if my friend will join us in the concerns that were enumerated by Mr. Cartwright and by myself in a 26-page complaint----    Mr. Connolly . About the partisan briefings and the violation of the IG handbook.    And, by the way, if we're going to condemn people or raise questions, by insinuation, of their partisan affiliations, we can do that with Mr. George, too, because he has a partisan history.    Mr. Connolly. I thank my good friend.