    Ms. Hogan. Sure, so as Dr. Orr spoke, there is a lot of collaboration between these two efforts and when we work with the Weatherization Program, the thing to keep in mind is that when the community action agencies that field the cruise to go in and do the audit look at the opportunities in those homes, they do have to identify opportunities that have a positive savings to investment ratio so we are always talking about the technologies that are up and coming and what can deliver on that positive savings to investment ration in low income homes so there have been any number of technologies but also sort of improved practices because some of the things that are providing the greatest savings in weatherization are things like improved insulation, improved home ceiling, just really getting the things that are, you know, letting the conditioned air leak out of the home, the really low cost measures that can give sort of the deeper savings to the low income homes.    I think some of the technologies we are looking at, include things like windows, higher efficiency air conditioning, type measures. I think we are also looking at the opportunity for renewable energy in the regions of the country where that can make sense as well.    Ms. Hogan. Yes. Terrific. So, as you point out, this is a big problem, and one of the reasons it is a big problem is because there are so many types of devices that are out there. So you are always looking for the common elements where you can find energy efficiency opportunities, and that is really where the appliance standards have come into place. We have had appliance standards for external power supplies or things that have, you know, that power supply element. We can work with industry to find the appropriate standards there.    We also have an ongoing rulemaking for battery chargers, sort of another area to look for improved efficiencies. We also, in our fiscal year 2017 budget, are proposing a new research and development area for miscellaneous electric loads that would leverage the great work we are doing in our advanced manufacturing office around something called wide bandgap materials, or also called, potentially, sort of like semiconductors. It is the next generation of semiconductors, right. So the extent that we can make semiconductors much more efficient, we can really drive down the energy use of all of these miscellaneous energy loads, so an exciting opportunity there.    Ms. Hogan. Just working more broadly with industry to drive down their loads.    Ms. Hogan. That is right.    Ms. Hogan. You know, I just checked the Zero Waste Energy Development Company operates the first large-scale commercial dry fermentation anaerobic digestion facility in the United States. This facility can process 90,000 tons of organic waste per year. That is just about wet waste. It generates about 1.6 megawatts of clean energy. Now, this type of facility not only keeps tons of wet garbage and green waste out of landfills, but also diverts mixed construction waste and debris for recycling and reuse. Replicating this innovative approach to recycling and landfill diversion will move our country to a more sustainable future.    Can you explain to me how DOE intends to help both maintain our existing WTE infrastructure and capitalize on the potential of the WTE technology in meeting the Nation's renewable energy and GHG emissions goal.    Ms. Hogan. Ok, Reuben is a smart guy, huh?    Ms. Hogan. Well, we have one already established. How do we go about replicating and scaling up this kind of a process where you are actually doing 90,000 tons a year? And that is only a portion of our city. And if we can incentivize or create more programs like this, we generate the process where we avoid landfills, filling and base, avoid the smell and odor, and things like that. Is there a place where we can go to to use this as an example for replication?    Ms. Hogan. But if we are able to do that already, what is the next step?    Ms. Hogan. To the chair, if I may, can we invite you to come down to the district and look at this, so you can help me articulate better how we do this, so replicate this throughout the other communities in the near future?    Ms. Hogan. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Hogan. So, we have a number of engagements where we are assisting states and municipal governments through a variety of programs that we have, focusing on their water treatment and wastewater treatment to improve energy use.    So, one very applicable technology is combined heat and power, right, where you can get the biogas recovery from anaerobic processes, trap the energy, use it on-site, and get substantially reduced energy bills for that wastewater treatment facility. We also have been working through our renewable energy program and have some solar applications.    I think, as you are highlighting, that is not necessarily the full soup to nuts type of thing that can happen at a wastewater treatment facility, but we are trying to think through as part of the energy-water nexus what would be a fuller suite of opportunities for the Department of Energy to engage in, as well as with our partner agencies. So, certainly EPA would have an important role in these types of efforts. So, we have some of this thinking underway.    Ms. Hogan. So, I would again say this is an active conversation at the department. We understand the importance of addressing communities as holistically as possible.    I would point to one of the parts of our budget which is in the Office of Weatherization and Intergovernmental Programs. We are asking for a community oriented program where we could integrate this more holistic thinking in terms of solving the issues that are facing communities and really focusing on neighborhood revitalization opportunities where clean energy can really help be part of that goal.    Ms. Hogan. We will certainly take those words. Again, we are thinking through how to field an effort with partners across the country so we can bring those partnerships together. The weatherization program does have very strict rules in terms of when money is put into the weatherization program.    It goes out in formula allocations to help the states, with the community action agencies, to deliver the weatherization services, and I think we look at the weatherization program as a very important network and set of activities that are happening in the community, but we agree with you about the importance of a broader set of partnerships that can leverage that or bring other things to the table to help these communities.    Again, we are actively thinking this through and would love to come back and talk with you once we have done a little more thinking.    Ms. Hogan. We can take that on. Certainly, the industrial assessment centers have the opportunity to help small and medium facilities look for energy savings opportunities generally within the region, right? So they are a regional-type center. In addition to the industrial assessment centers we have efforts, as Dr. Orr was referring to earlier, where we will work directly in partnership with major companies to help them better understand and manage their energy use through things like our better buildings, better plants effort. And we have had tremendous success working in partnership and helping these organizations find savings on the order of 20 percent to 25 percent, you know, over a set of years as they, you know, strategize over the right investments to make. So we are happy to engage in this conversation.    Ms. Hogan. Well, microgrid, it could be as small as a good sized building, but it is often and could operate on its own.    Ms. Hogan. Yes.