    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Shelanski, you clerked for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. You also clerked for the U.S. District Court in Philadelphia, and later for Justice Scalia, the U.S. Supreme Court. In your role as a legal clerk, and even in your role in your private practice, wouldn't it be reasonable to believe that you are familiar with subpoenas? That's a yes or no.    Mr. Palmer. You had never dealt with one prior to this. But you're a lawyer. You understand how it works.    Mr. Palmer. I doubt seriously that Judge Williams or Pollak or Scalia would have had the patience that this committee has had in this process. I want to ask you, in the last hearing, Ms. Fucile said that four document custodians had been identified to date. Since then, through interviews conducted by this committee, we have learned that there are at least four additional OIRA staff that were responsible for the review of the rule not previously identified by OMB or OIRA. Can you explain why you only identified half of the custodians to the committee?    Mr. Palmer. Well, should the committee be prepared to learn of additional names of potential document custodians?    Mr. Palmer. Well, how long would it take to ask everyone at OIRA, did you work on the Waters of the U.S.?    Mr. Palmer. You did? Well, why did it take over a year to find out that instead of four, there were eight?    Mr. Palmer. Shouldn't you have let the committee decide whether or not they wanted to have information about everyone? I mean, everyone is everyone.    Mr. Palmer. But you didn't.    Mr. Palmer. You've been delaying.    Mr. Palmer. Okay. Let me move to something else. In the March 3, 2015, hearing before this committee, several members asked you to produce documents related to OIRA's review of the rule. Did OMB accompany you to that hearing? Did anyone come with you?    Mr. Palmer. The March 3, 2015, hearing.    Mr. Palmer. Thirteen months ago.    Mr. Palmer. Right.    Mr. Palmer. Among those who came with you, did you instruct OIRA staff to initiate a search for the responsive records?    Mr. Palmer. Did anyone tell you not to initial a search at that time?    Mr. Palmer. Well, I know that the frustration of the committee is after the hearing, committee staff followed up with your staff on numerous occasions about this request but received no response. And I think we would like know and I think all of us on both sides of the aisle would like to know why there has been no response.    Mr. Palmer. Well, here's my problem with this, and I think the problem that a lot of us on the committee are having, is that there seems to be a pattern here of running out the clock and, again, going back to your experience at OIRA, even though you never participated, been involved with a subpoena before, as a lawyer, you understand that a request for documents is something that most people, judges, lawyers, expect to be fully complied with, and it's throughout the administration. We have seen this time and time again. And I just, frankly, have a hard time believing there's been a good-faith effort to produce the documents in a timely manner.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.