    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, I do, Chairman.    Ms. McCarthy. Good morning, Chairmen Chaffetz and Bishop, Ranking----    Ms. McCarthy. All right. Better?    Ms. McCarthy. Good morning, Chairmen Chaffetz and Bishop, Ranking Members Cummings and Grijalva, and members of the committee. I am Gina McCarthy, Administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. I want to thank you for the opportunity to appear today to discuss the August 5 Gold King Mine release and subsequent EPA response.    This was a tragic and unfortunate incident, and the EPA has taken responsibility to ensure that it is cleaned up appropriately. The EPA's core mission is to ensure a clean environment and to protect public health; and we are dedicated to continuing to do our job to protect the environment and to hold ourselves to the same high standard we demand of others.    The EPA was at the Gold King Mine on August 5, conducting an investigation to assess mine conditions and ongoing water discharges, dewater the mine pool, and assess the feasibility of further mine remediation. While excavating above a mine opening, the lower portion of the bedrock crumbled, and approximately 3 million gallons of pressurized water discharged from the mine into Cement Creek, which is a tributary to the Animas River.    EPA and Colorado officials informed downstream jurisdictions in Colorado within hours of the release, before the plume reached drinking water intakes and irrigation diversions. Notifications to other downstream jurisdictions continued the following day, allowing for those intakes to be closed prior to the plume's arrival.    In the aftermath of the release, we initiated an internal review of the incident and we released an Internal Review Summary Report on August 26, which includes an assessment of the events and potential factors contributing to the Gold King Mine incident. The report provides observations, conclusions, and recommendations that regions should consider applying when conducting ongoing and planned site assessments, investigations, and construction or removal projects at similar types of sites across the country. The EPA will implement all the recommendations from the report, and has shared its findings with external reviewers.    In addition to the internal review, the U.S. Department of the Interior is leading an independent assessment of the factors that led to the Gold King Mine incident. The goal of DOI's independent review is to provide the EPA with an analysis of the incident that took place at the Gold King Mine, including the contributing causes. Both internal and external reviews will help inform the EPA for ongoing and planned site assessments, investigations, and construction or removal projects.    One of our foremost priorities is to keep the public informed about the impacts from the Gold King Mine release and our response activities. The EPA has closely coordinated with our Federal partners and with officials in Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, the Southern Ute and Ute Mountain Ute tribes, and Navajo Nation to keep them apprised of water and sediment sampling results, which are routinely posted on our Web site. These results do indicate that the water and sediment have returned to pre-event conditions. They also supported local and state decisionmakers as they made decisions about lifting water restrictions along the Animas and the San Juan Rivers on August 14 and August 15.    Finally, I want to clarify that the EPA was working with the state of Colorado to take action at the Gold King Mine to address both the potential for a catastrophic release and the ongoing adverse water quality impacts caused by the significant mine discharges into the Upper Animas watershed. Based upon 2009-2014 flow data, approximately 330 million gallons of contaminated water was being discharged from mines in the watershed each year to Cement Creek and the Animas River--that is 100 times more than the estimated release from the Gold King Mine on August 5.    The EPA was and continues to work with the state of Colorado and the Animas River Stakeholder Group to address these significant discharges from mines in the Upper Animas watershed that are impacting these waterways.    I think it is important to note that, across the country, our Superfund program has successfully cleaned up more than 1,150 hazardous waste sites, and successfully responded to or provided oversight for thousands of removal actions to protect human health and the environment. That reflects our long-standing commitment to protect human health and the environment that we will continue to pursue. We will also continue to support the Administration's request for an Abandoned Mine Lands fee to help cover the costs of cleanup of these sites.    All of the affected residents of Colorado and New Mexico and members of the Southern Ute, Ute Mountain Ute, and Navajo Nation tribes can be assured that EPA has and will continue to take responsibility to help ensure that the Gold King Mine release is cleaned up.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That concludes my statement. I will be happy to answer any questions the committee might have.    Ms. McCarthy. I am aware.    The Chairman. Did EPA consult with Fish and Wildlife on its activity on the Gold King Mine prior to the August 5 disaster?    Ms. McCarthy. EPA had no reason to consult with them, because we did not plan to take action that would have discharged that amount of material into the creek.    The Chairman. So, you assert that you did not anticipate the release; at least that is the email. You two agencies were not talking before, so I am glad we finally forced you to actually have some communication last night before you sent this through. But your assertion is you did not anticipate the release that would affect downstream endangered species, so, therefore, you did not consult with Fish and Wildlife.    Ms. McCarthy. We were actually there, Mr. Chairman, because of the threat of that release, in attempting to mitigate that----    The Chairman. You did not contact them because you assert you did not anticipate that. Now, is that what you and your staff are saying----    Ms. McCarthy. We were there to prevent that type of release. That is exactly right.    The Chairman. I am sorry, I did not quite hear what you said.    Ms. McCarthy. We were there to actually prevent a release, because that is the reason why we were working with the state of Colorado and others at the site----    The Chairman. That is----    Ms. McCarthy . Was to try to depressurize----    The Chairman. I understand.    Ms. McCarthy . If that was----    The Chairman. That is cool. I appreciate that, but the fact is you did not talk to Fish and Wildlife, even though that is the law, that----    Ms. McCarthy. Only if we are taking action----    The Chairman . You are supposed to----    Ms. McCarthy . As you indicated, sir, that----    The Chairman. No, I am sorry. Ms. McCarthy, listen to this. The final Health and Safety Plan, Emergency and Rapid Responses Services for the Gold King Site, prepared by Environmental Restoration--that is your contractor--for EPA Region 8, dated September 4, 2014, contains a section entitled, ``Spills, Leaks, or Releases.'' It states, ``Locate the source and stop the flow, if it can be done safely.'' The Task Order Statement of Work for EPA Region 8 prepared by Environmental Restoration--this is dated July 25, 2014--states that ``conditions may exist that could result in a blowout of the blockages, and cause a release of a large volume of contaminated mine water and sediment from inside the mine which contains concentrated heavy metals.''    Clearly, these documents demonstrate that, in fact, you did not only anticipate the possibility of a release, but also of a major blowout; yet, EPA conducted no consultations with Fish and Wildlife, as is required under the Endangered Species Act.    Now, are you aware that these activities are both criminal and civil penalties for knowingly violating the Endangered Species Act?    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, I am really not trying to argue with you; I am trying to explain that the statement you are reading indicates that we were worried about those conditions existing. We clearly stated that to the contractor, so that there would be no actions taken that would have caused that release. Instead, we were there to prevent that release.    The Chairman. That is wonderful. But, ma'am----    Ms. McCarthy. That is----    The Chairman . The fact is, you were anticipating this type of thing happening. The law, that you insist everyone else obey, says you have to contact Fish and Wildlife and consult with them. The fact is you did not do it, and you had over a year to accomplish that fact.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, if I was there to take action to release this material, we would not be standing here today. We were taking action in an attempt to prevent that release, knowing that it was a considerable risk to leave it as it was.    The Chairman. That is sweet. I appreciate that, and I know you feel terrible about it. But, the bottom line is, your documents say you anticipated a potential major blowout; and the law says if you anticipate a major blowout, you have to contact Fish and Wildlife. And, until last night, you did not contact Fish and Wildlife. Your agency did not do it. That is what the law requires; and there are criminal and civil penalties for violating that law, which you violated.    Now, I do not really care what your goal was. It may be noble. It does not make a difference. You violated the law. A standard you make everyone else live by, you violated, and you are doing it with impunity.    Are you aware that in the San Juan River starting in Farmington, New Mexico, there is a designated critical habitat for endangered fish that would be a violation of the ESA for an agency to cause adverse modifications of the habitat by spilling millions of gallons of this water and these heavy metals? Do you realize that area does exist?    Ms. McCarthy. I was not aware until you just said it, sir, no.    The Chairman. So, have you or your agency discussed EPA's failure to consult with the Fish and Wildlife Service prior to this hearing, or any request prior to this hearing?    Ms. McCarthy. We do not believe that we actually constituted a failure to notify concerning endangered species, because the actions we were taking were intended to stop a blowout. Clearly, there was a problem at the site. That is what we are looking at now to identify----    The Chairman. All right, I appreciate your making your own interpretation of the law; but that is not what the law requires, and that is not what the law says.    Ms. McCarthy. OK, sir.    The Chairman. You violated the law, period.    Now, the communications you said you made--oh, I am sorry, I am over. I apologize for that. I will get another shot at this. I yield back.    Ms. Administrator, getting back to the subject of the hearing, which is the Gold King Mine, the role EPA had, and the role EPA has at this point. The question is, if EPA and the state had not been at the Gold King Mine at all, what would have eventually happened to the water that was released on August 5?    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I think as you know, sir, our reason for being there was the degraded water quality, a result of 300-plus million gallons that were going into the creek and the Animas River over time. It was anticipated that there was a serious potential for a blowout. We were there, working with Colorado and the Animas River Stakeholder Group, to address the work plan and opportunity to try to mitigate that, and basically to resolve an issue that was of significant concern to those communities.    Ms. McCarthy. The Agency did institute its notification procedure the same day, that was able to effectively get to the state of Colorado that day and ensure that, before the plume arrived at any intake for drinking water or for irrigation, that there was an ability to mitigate that, and make sure that the spill was contained. So that was good.    The following day, we completed the notifications to the downstream folks. So, we are talking about a spill on August 5, and we completed the notifications on August 6.    Now, is that rapid? I would argue that we should have done better. I would argue that it would have been much better and more appropriate to reach everybody the same day. Are we trying to do better? Yes. We have issued a notification to all of our regions to go back and take a look at what our notification process is, how to improve it, how to test it frequently to make sure that it is done.    I think we could have done a lot better at this. But, the good news is that we were able to beat the plumes all the way down, so that we were able to protect those drinking water supplies and those irrigation channels as best we could.    Ms. McCarthy. I think it would help significantly. Certainly, we are very supportive of the President's initiative in the Fiscal Year 2016 budget, and we think that it is incredibly important to have resources associated with this. We are talking about legacy mines, where we will have almost no ability to go after----    Ms. McCarthy . The principals involved in this. We know that, just in Colorado alone, we have 23,000 of those. In the Animas, the Upper Animas, it is 400 mines. That is why we were there, because there was no ability over the past 20, 30, 40 years to really effectively address this, even though the state worked hard at it, and EPA tried to help, as well.    This is a significant problem in the West and Alaska, where we estimate there are at least 161,000 of these mines left, where they continue, in many cases, to degrade water quality.    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir. We would have required any company that was doing a response action, where they were out doing an emergency response action, to keep their folks safe if a spill occurred, and then to clean it downstream, to take responsibility, and to make sure that, over time, long-term consequences are addressed and mitigated. That is exactly what EPA is doing here. We have taken full responsibility for our actions.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, I am not giving myself a letter grade, I am doing the best I can to look at this incident and what caused----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, sir, I am working closely with the President. I have great respect for him, and----    Ms. McCarthy. Let me just answer. The call from New Mexico was the way in which we actually do these notifications. We work with states. That is not inappropriate.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir----    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, I indicated that our notifications could have been better. But the Navajo were given----    Ms. McCarthy . Notice the day after----    Ms. McCarthy. We are working----    Ms. McCarthy. I did not----    Ms. McCarthy. I did not say that either, sir. I said that we did take a day. I regret that. I wish it had been earlier. But the plume actually did not----    Ms. McCarthy . Reach the Navajo until August 8. So, we had time to work with them, and we have been working hard to coordinate with them ever since.    Ms. McCarthy. I did not make any calls, sir, to the----    Ms. McCarthy. I did, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I did, sir, get involved. Could it have been earlier?    Ms. McCarthy. I believe that I went to the site. August 11 and August 12 is when I was there.    Ms. McCarthy. As far as my understanding--and I was not at the site of the mine--is that it was a dangerous location, and we brought them as close as they could. They actually seemed, at that point in time, to be very satisfied that they were being protected in getting an opportunity to be at the site----    Ms. McCarthy. Many times that is--you, yourself, saw the site in the video. There was damage that occurred. We are keeping people safe, but there is no way in which we have kept people from going as close to the site as they could safely get--and the Navajo, in fact, went there.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir----    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, it is my understanding that we did not hand out claim forms. We had a long discussion following that concern, and we are now getting claims----    Ms. McCarthy. Sorry, but that is my understanding.    Ms. McCarthy. The----    Ms. McCarthy. I do deny that we were going around, trying to get anybody to sign these forms. Based on the information I had, that is not correct.    Did we supply forms to the Navajo, the Navajo Nation leadership? Absolutely, because it is part of an opportunity for individual claims to be made. It is not a settlement or a release form.    But we walk through those issues, and I think there is a much better understanding of the process for claims that the Federal Government has established. I am hoping that we can utilize our ability to work with them to recognize the damage that has been done, to fully account for that damage, and to compensate for it. That is part of the process.    Ms. McCarthy. No, it is----    Ms. McCarthy. That----    Ms. McCarthy. The section you just read refers to a final settlement. This is an application to begin a settlement process that can be added to and amended throughout the entire process.    The final settlement requires a settlement. The claimant needs to actually sign off. It was an ability to get started, it was not a final document in any way.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, in the hardrock mining industry, it is very difficult for me to honestly estimate that. But on these legacy sites, the contribution is close to zero.    Ms. McCarthy. They are not charged any, that I am aware of.    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. The Federal agencies have some resources. They are not as significant as the challenges that we are facing. For EPA, we have an emergency response fund that we utilize, but that is for the entire country; and we have to prioritize that and use our resources wisely.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, we think that the proposal that the President put in, which actually looks to establish a fee on hardrock mining, similar to what we do with coal mining industries, that would be utilized to address these legacy sites is an appropriate thing to do. It would be based on a polluter-pays principle, and provides significantly additional funds for us to at least begin to address these challenges.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. I think I have a slightly lower figure, but I am happy to provide you with that, sir. I do not want to speak when I do not have all the data at my fingertips.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, my understanding is that it is something on the order of 550 gallons per minute, if that is what you are asking me.    Ms. McCarthy. Well----    Ms. McCarthy. I did not say that.    Ms. McCarthy. We went in there specifically because the concern was raised by us and other professionals that there was potentially a pressurized blockage there. We were actually trying to take action that would mitigate that.    Ms. McCarthy. Of course we tried----    Ms. McCarthy. What----    Ms. McCarthy. What we did----    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir, we spent a great deal of time with the state of Colorado, with the Animas----    Ms. McCarthy. I do not have that number, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. We have conducted enforcement activities that we should conduct, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I am unaware of any criminal investigation, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I----    Ms. McCarthy. We are holding ourselves fully accountable, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not have that information.    Ms. McCarthy. EPA is only involved in, actually, a small percentage of those.    Ms. McCarthy. Because the authority to look at these is spread among a number of agencies, and EPA generally focuses on----    Ms. McCarthy. We can do our best, but I can tell you that the ones that we follow are the ones on the National Priorities List, and the ones where we work with states to address what we consider to be an imminent threat or a need for emergency response. The Upper Animas was in that category.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, we just have an environmental fund that allows us to tap that for the response actions.    Ms. McCarthy. The Fiscal Year 2015 Superfund remediation action budget is $501 million.    Ms. McCarthy. No, it does not. This is for remedial action that we need to take, whether it is on the Superfund list or not.    Ms. McCarthy. I am sorry, I will have to get back to you----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, there are at least 161,000 abandoned mines. While we are talking about ones we know, there are so many that we do not know. We know we have experience in looking at these mines, and they involve sudden releases like the ones we were talking about here and the potential for that. There are also periodic mine discharges that are impacting headwaters. There are a lot of them.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, the challenge for us is really there are a lot of these issues. I do not know whether that specific one is on the NPL. I doubt that. I do not know if others do----    Ms. McCarthy . But when a state wants us to come in and work with them, we do our best----    Ms. McCarthy. No, we make priorities depending upon what we find out and what we are asked to do, but the challenge for us is it is limited. And that does not take care of the long-term problem; it takes care of short-term problems.    Ms. McCarthy. It all depends on the circumstances, sir. We would hold them accountable for cleanup----    Ms. McCarthy . But whether or not there would be a penalty involved would depend on the circumstances.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, we have----    Ms. McCarthy. I have an assistant administrator.    Ms. McCarthy. Mathy Stanislaus.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. On-scene coordinator.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know the individual's name.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, we have----    Ms. McCarthy. One of the reasons why we asked DOI to do an independent investigation was to make sure that somebody independently looked at that, and provided us information, so that we could follow up to see if there was any----    Ms. McCarthy . Lack of judgment or lack of oversight, or----    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir. That is going to be completed in October, is my----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I understand. I am happy----    Ms. McCarthy. In terms of what it would take? I know that we have already spent somewhere upwards of $10 million. We expect that will go up considerably over time. Again, the challenge we have is to look at the Upper Animas River, because, while there may be some continued discharge from the Gold King Mine, there continues to be a much larger discharge from that area.    Ms. McCarthy. That was just the emergency, the immediate response----    Ms. McCarthy. Absolutely.    Ms. McCarthy. I fully recognize, and I expect to be held accountable. That is the job of this committee, I fully respect it and I will cooperate in any way I can.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. The rule is actually being implemented, except, I believe, in the 13 states where there was a decision by a judge to actually issue a preliminary injunction. So, in all but those 13 states, it is being fully implemented, as we are sitting here, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. That is right.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. It is my understanding that there is some liability in some cases, but consistently, in these legacy sites, the owners are absent from the discussion.    Ms. McCarthy. We were there because of the concern of a potential blowout and the concern of the water quality that was being consistently degraded from the mine seepage that was entering into the Cement Creek and the Animas River.    The Cement Creek, literally, has, as far as I know, no fish whatsoever. For miles downstream in the Animas, the fish population has almost gone down to zero. So, EPA has been looking at this as a potential NPL site, a Superfund site; and, short of that, looking at how we coordinate with the state and with the local stakeholders to address the challenge, short of issuing a decision to put it on the NPL site.    Ms. McCarthy. Large discharges. There is no question that the Animas has been struggling; but our hope was that we could continue to work together and get that quality shifted into another direction, and get that quality continually improved, instead of degraded.    Ms. McCarthy. There is not, but that is what the President's Fiscal Year 2016 proposed budget is suggesting should happen.    Ms. McCarthy. In most cases, no, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I do, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, I am.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, sir, let me respond on Camp Minden. I actually could not be more pleased of the outcome, and it took a long time to get there. I do appreciate the way in which the state intervened on that, as well as all of the elected officials.    Ms. McCarthy. It was an option that was chosen by the DOD. It was not an uncontrolled burn. But, I think we have ended up in a much better place, one that the community really participated wonderfully well in, and I could not be more pleased.    Now, in terms of this effort, I want you to understand--and I am sure that you do--that EPA's job was to try to support an effort to address what we knew was almost a likely inevitability of a blowout at that mine, as well as knowing that the river was being damaged each and every day, as a result of the mining in the Upper Animas.    Should that spill have occurred? No. Are we going to figure out whether we could have done something about it, done something different----    Ms. McCarthy . We will find that out----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, when a spill like this happens, the accountability is for the person who actually needs to take responsibility for that spill to do so, which we had.    The second level is, ``How did it happen, and was there activity that should have been done differently. Is it criminal? Is it civil? Is it negligent? '' That is what we are looking at now. We are independently having that done, and I will live with those consequences. I will appropriately take action----    Ms. McCarthy. I remember that.    Ms. McCarthy. We actually prioritize it in a couple of different ways. We have factors that we consider, in terms of what deserves to be on the National Priorities List. In this particular case, we started back in the mid-1990s, looking at this, and actually suggesting that it be on the National Priorities List. But what we found at that point in time was that the communities and the states were actually getting together an Animas River Stakeholder Group, who insisted that they could do a good job at addressing this issue without taking that measure.    They actually did a good job. Up until 2005, that river was getting cleaner all the time. But there was a turnaround in the river, and that turnaround meant that we were getting a lot more discharges. We see fish populations degrading. That is why we were continuing to look at it as of 2008, to see if we should look at the upper creek, the Cement Creek, as the section that we would articulate and look at for the National Priorities List.    Out of that discussion came a collaborative effort with the state and the Animas River Stakeholder Group to take a look at what we could do. That is when the concern of a blowout arose, and we started working on a work plan that was very public, went to public hearings about what EPA could do to try to address that issue while people looked at the long-term challenge and thought about how best to do it.    That is the history of this site. It is a long one, and, obviously, today, not a successful one.    Ms. McCarthy. Actually, we have been working with them since at least the mid-1990s, that is how far back it goes. They pulled together the stakeholder group, that was really those people who worked in the mines, public citizens, local leaders, and state representatives. EPA helped to participate in some of those. It really just became a collaborative effort, knowing that they had a large problem, and that we had to work together. That became the tone of the discussion. EPA was not there to work as a lone entity. It was there to share ideas, to bring our mining experts to the table, to work with the state of Colorado and folks who knew the area better than we did, and to identify what work should happen.    That was the work plan that we were working under at the time that this spill occurred. It was fully developed with everybody's input, with public hearings. Now, did we underestimate the potential of the spill at the site? Did we do something we should not have? Those are the issues that the independent review will give a fresh eye to. But it was not because we did not try, and it was not because we were not working collaboratively.    Ms. McCarthy. We are looking at two efforts, primarily. One is we are looking at a long-range monitoring plan that we are about to put out in draft to all of the groups that we are working with in the area, including the state, local and county officials, and the tribes. We will hopefully get some long-range monitoring plan agreed to that will consider the challenges that we are facing with the winter months coming up.    Ms. McCarthy. We will not abandon the site. The second thing we are doing is taking a look at whether we need to enhance the treatment process right at the site. That is not the full remediation that the Upper Animas needs, but we are looking at that issue in collaboration with the state and local communities, and the tribes, as well.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, first of all, I have actually issued a memo holding off on continued work on similar sites until we see what went wrong. What are we going to----    Ms. McCarthy . See from the independent--from this site--so that we can learn those lessons, and ensure it does not happen again.    My understanding is that we have, at this point, identified 10 sites to actually have work put on hold that seem similar enough that we want to just monitor that situation, as long as there is not an imminent hazard. We are waiting on that October review to take a look at it.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, that is true, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I think one of the challenges that we face is that our on-scene coordinator was at that site, and they were overseeing that work. The contractor, as far as my understanding, was doing the work dictated under the work plan. They are a very experienced contractor. We have no information that says that they had done anything wrong.    We certainly know that the work plan was not sufficient----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, that was a result of, obviously, actions that we took. It was unanticipated. It was a decision we made with mining officials, ourselves, the states, and others. We need to look at what went wrong, but they are actually actively working to see that the----    Ms. McCarthy. I am not aware of what the sums are. If you are referring to the fact that they were the first on site and the most able to contain the spill, to construct the treatment facilities right at the spill location, and to contain it; they were there, they helped to do that. What that accounted for, in terms of time and money, I do not know.    Ms. McCarthy. I will----    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, I am happy to provide you the information on what other compensation may have been given to this contractor, but I also want to reiterate that EPA is the one that is taking full responsibility for this. DOI will tell us whether mistakes were made at the site, or whether there was any misjudgment or work that we did not do, in terms of----    Ms. McCarthy. We are going to wait for the DOI review to tell us that.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes. Well, lessons----    Ms. McCarthy. There are certainly already lessons learned. Do I think we were as good as we should be on notification? No, I do not think so. I realize that we had three different regional offices involved, we had 120 miles to account for before it even hit the Navajo Nation lands. We should have been more on top of that, and we should be looking at that. That is why we have already demanded that those actions take----    Did we work effectively to get our response actions up? I think our response actions have been good. Can they always improve? We will look at ways in which we can do that. So we are trying to get the lessons learned here. One of the big open questions, I think, that you have raised in this committee--and I am sure we will be talking about again--is how did this spill happen? Did we look at this in a way that was not due diligent enough? Did we have the right people there, looking at----    Ms. McCarthy. Does it feel like that to you, too?    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. Really?    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I think you know, from my forthrightness about taking responsibility for this, that we are all in. Is it extraordinarily difficult and upsetting for the Navajo? There is no question about it. I recognize that. We are working to try to figure out what we can do together to resolve the circumstances here, but I know that it is going to take a really long time. And this is not EPA's final--best--what did you say? Finest hour.    But I am here to tell you that we are taking responsibility, we will do that in the long term, and we will find a way to get to the Animas River and the San Juan in a way that takes care of the underlying fundamental challenge we have here.    But, I want to say that this was not a compliance issue. This was a response action to deal with, basically, contamination that EPA was not the responsible party for. Am I excusing our role in this? Did our actions actually contribute to this? If we did anything wrong, we will be fully accountable for that. In the meantime, we have to make good to the Navajo, the Southern Ute, the Ute Mountain Ute, and the states that are involved in this. There is no question about it.    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir. That originally-posted video should not have been redacted. When it was pointed out to us, we have posted the unredacted version on our Web site.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I think that we are waiting for the Department of the Interior to actually produce a report. If they identify criminal or administrative concerns----    Ms. McCarthy. No, the Agency is not----    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir. It means that I am actually having the----    Ms. McCarthy. I am having----    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir, not----    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, maybe.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, I am taking accountability for the spill and issues around that; but we are working as closely as we can to independently get this looked at, and we will be holding people fully accountable----    Ms. McCarthy. What I understand is that those tanks were tested by the Navajo and found to be clean. It was drinking water put into fully cleaned tanks. That is my understanding of the situation.    There was definitely concern. Do I think the level of mistrust contributed to that? Do I understand why, given EPA's responsibility here? I absolutely do. It is going to take a long time, I think, before anybody begins, at least in the Navajo, to be able to trust our relationship again. Do I regret that?    Ms. McCarthy. But I am working with them. If they want third-party review of everything we do--we are trying to identify how we do this.    We will rebuild this trust; but damage has been done beyond what happened to that river, and it is going to take a long time to repair that. I am going to do the best I can to make sure that happens.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir. We were cooperating with them, yes, and coordinating our efforts.    Ms. McCarthy. Because of the degradation of the water quality in the Animas River and the San Juan River that was being contributed to by these 400 mines in the Upper Animas, as well as the threat of a blowout at the mine, which was a very big concern.    Ms. McCarthy. It is a long history, but those mines have really not been actively worked since 1991. Since that time, there has been a buildup of water in the system. Some of the mines in the area have been plugged, which shifts the hydrology, which creates a backup. In the Gold King Mine itself, it had some collapses in the mine, which made it inaccessible; so we were trying to get a handle on the situation that was growing increasingly dangerous.    Ms. McCarthy. My understanding is that, for the most part, they are not obligated to. What we use, in terms of our resources, are taxpayer dollars; they are given to us, appropriated, by Congress.    Ms. McCarthy. It would certainly help, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I have a slightly different understanding of the history here, and the issues, so I do not want to pick apart the issue; but I do think we need to have a conversation about it, because I do not quite see the same history here.    I do know there have been many decisions. I want you to understand EPA's role here. We did not participate in decisions about who was responsible for what, where blockages should be approved or not approved, or what to do with the treatment facility that you identified. We came in, simply trying to work with the state and the local stakeholders to identify what we could do to alleviate problems along the way.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Actually, there are two processes here, and the reimbursement process is handled under CERCLA.    Basically, it is a Memorandum of Agreement we need to reach. I was just checking to see if that has been done with the responsible parties who have been helping us. That is a routine reimbursement process that we will be able to take care of. Those relationships with both the tribes and the states are fairly routine for us, because they act as emergency responders with us. The Southern Utes have been incredible, and actually incredibly diligent in being embedded in our Command Center, working on this. Their professionalism has been wonderful. So, we are going to make sure that they are properly reimbursed for their expenses.    The second process is the claims process, which is not really a reimbursement issue, it is what damages have occurred. We use the Federal Claims Tort Act in order to process those claims.    Ms. McCarthy. Right. There are two things that are happening here, as well.    One is that we are talking to the Navajo about how they get reimbursed for the work that they have done. It has been extensive, as well. We need to work with the President, as well as Navajo Nation EPA, to reimburse for their expenses.    The second issue also is the claims process, if individuals want to participate in that process, as well. I want to make sure that we are all aware that the reimbursement process is quite different; while it is costly, it is easy to do. We have processes in place for that.    The third issue is that we are developing a long-term monitoring plan. We need to make sure that that plan allows engagement of the tribes, the states, and the counties in that effort; and we need to have a stream of funding to support that effort, as well.    Ms. McCarthy. Sure.    Ms. McCarthy. I will have my staff work with you----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, that----    Ms. McCarthy. That was one of the key findings of our internal review, and I am sure that is one of the key areas in which the Department of the Interior is going to look.    What we do know is that same review identified the factors that they considered to make a judgment. When I say ``they,'' it was both the Colorado Division of Reclamation, Mining and Safety that was with us, making those determinations on the site. They were looking at factors that they could see, to see whether or not there was pressure buildup at the Gold King Mine, based on that day and that evaluation. They made a judgment that turned out to be wrong. Whether or not they did due diligence in making that, or missed factors that they should have looked at, that is what the Department of the Interior is, hopefully, going to be able to advise us.    We will follow up; and they will be held accountable if there were mistakes made, if they could have avoided this, if they forgot to look at something, or made a judgment that was not based on profound and good engineering and science.    Ms. McCarthy. I think it has raised visibility of these issues in a way that I am hoping something good can come out of this, so that we will be better off, in terms of how we manage these sites, moving forward. But we have been working with the Navajo for years, and we will continue to do that. We will address the concerns that they have identified as best we can.    Ms. McCarthy. They were----    Ms. McCarthy. We now know that the water is at pre-event conditions. But that does not mean that the Animas and the San Juan are at a point where they need to be, in terms of their water quality and the protection of the sediment, so that we are not experiencing these fluctuations that we are seeing now.    Ms. McCarthy. I do.    Ms. McCarthy. We have a public responsibility that is larger than what I think the private sector has, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. When we get the final report to understand what happened, I would expect DOJ to pay attention to that, and I will pay attention to it, as well.    Ms. McCarthy. The Inspector General is also looking at doing an independent review, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, the only correction I would make is that the Department of Justice is the one that pursues criminal actions.    Ms. McCarthy. I am not at all aware that there is negligence, or that we did not do due diligence. Those are the things that the Department of the Interior would indicate----    Ms. McCarthy. I just do not----    Ms. McCarthy . Know what precipitated----    Ms. McCarthy. I just do not know yet.    Ms. McCarthy. We actually would be doing exactly the same thing with that company at this stage, looking to independently identify whether or not there was any negligent or criminal activity that led to this. That is exactly the same process we are going through today.    Ms. McCarthy. It was part of our contingency plan that we always use----    Ms. McCarthy . To take advantage of local information, so that there is appropriate notification. Whether or not it was as quick as it could be, I do not know; but that was an appropriate way in which to notify.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, we have a whole stream. It is not us individually deciding who to call. There is a contingency plan for notification that is developed with the states, with the local communities, and that is what we initiate.    Ms. McCarthy. This is not done on the fly. This is a plan that was developed with everybody's input----    Ms. McCarthy. OK.    Ms. McCarthy. Actually, there is no reluctance to have the tribes involved to the extent that they want to. They actually were involved in our Incident Command Center. The Southern Utes were there and embedded. We had----    Ms. McCarthy . Eleven people embedded in their Incident Command Center and other activities in the tribe----    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. The state and Federal Government do the best they can, but even we do not know where many of these mines are located.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. The reason it is on the National Priorities List--which you might think of as the Superfund list--is that it----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, there has been discussion about whether it should be on the National Priorities List. President Begaye has written to me, and I will take that letter very seriously.    There have been discussions. Up until 2005, there was a good opportunity to clean this up, and it was going in the right direction----    Ms. McCarthy. I would have to say, throughout the country, there are many instances in which we are looking at sites on the National Priorities List which do pose significant hazard, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Correct.    Ms. McCarthy. That is a continual threat from many of----    Ms. McCarthy. On the National Priorities List, EPA is responsible for monitoring those sites, and for taking action if the responsible party is not. So, we are monitoring those. The concern I think I have more is----    Ms. McCarthy . Those that are not on the list.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. It is either the responsible party or EPA.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct. But we only have a small fraction of the mines on the National Priorities List.    Ms. McCarthy. It has to be called to our attention. We have to do a site assessment. We have to consult and confer with the governor in the site, or the leadership in the tribes, in order to have it on the National Priorities List; and we have to make a decision that is very process-oriented and public, to get them on a site and to allow us to then spend Federal and state dollars on a more full and rich cleanup.    Ms. McCarthy. You too, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, let me try to be a little clearer; I apologize if I have not been.    We were there because concern was raised that there was pressurized water in the mine, in that adit, and that it might result in a blowout. That is the reason we were doing the work, to try to alleviate that pressure. The actions we were taking were certainly not intended to cause the blowout, and the actual professional opinion of those on the site was that that would not happen.    Ms. McCarthy. There is.    Ms. McCarthy. Essentially, that is what we----    Ms. McCarthy. Unfortunately, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. There were plans. One--there was a plan. It was developed by----    Ms. McCarthy. We actually, I believe, followed all permits. But what----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, I do believe we did, because we were actually not----    Ms. McCarthy. There was actually a retention pond that was constructed. There was one----    Ms. McCarthy. No, actually----    Ms. McCarthy. No, no----    Ms. McCarthy. The retention pond was constructed in a way that would have managed the anticipated release. That was our anticipated release we were trying to generate in order to relieve the pressure. Because it was a blowout, that treatment pond was clearly inundated very quickly.    Ms. McCarthy. This was one of the issues that the internal review raised, as to whether or not the emergency plan was adequate.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, that----    Ms. McCarthy. The internal review clearly pointed out that----    Ms. McCarthy . What they saw was not adequate.    Ms. McCarthy. What they saw.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know what else is there. But, I honestly think we have to look at the Department of the Interior----    Ms. McCarthy. That is right.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. The Inspector General is looking at this issue.    Ms. McCarthy. I think if we go to----    Ms. McCarthy. They are going to be looking at this, but----    Ms. McCarthy . We are going with the agencies that have significant expertise, it is the Department of the Interior, the Army Corps.    One of the things we did was to make sure that we were not defining the scope of work----    Ms. McCarthy. No, I left that up to staff and others----    Ms. McCarthy. We actually consulted with a number of agencies. Those agencies agreed to do it. They have----    Ms. McCarthy. I certainly can see what we have available, if that is the request. But we did try to----    Ms. McCarthy . Get authorities to actually look at this that would have the expertise to be able to do an independent review.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, I am not prepared to talk in the big picture about what we would support or not support. I am here to tell you that we have taken full responsibility for this issue. We are treating us the same way we would be treating the private sector. And you are absolutely right, we enforce our statutes; that is what brings the public health and environmental protections and benefits that people rely on in this country. And I believe they will continue to rely on our ability to deliver those.    Ms. McCarthy. Not in this consequence. This was actually a response action to try to mitigate a danger that was pointed out to us. The challenge for the private sector would be the same as us: make sure that, if an accident happened at that site, that they get people out and keep them safe, that they reduce the spill quickly, and they take account and accountability for all of the damage that it caused.    Ms. McCarthy. That is exactly what we are doing.    Ms. McCarthy. Only if----    Ms. McCarthy. Only if the actions they were taking were against an order or a settlement, or someone was found negligent or criminal in the activities.    And those last two issues are what the Department of the Interior will help inform. If we were negligent, if we did not do what we should have done, if we did not do due diligence, then we will have to be held accountable for that, as well.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir, because the contractor was working under the direct supervision of our on-site coordinator. It is my understanding that, at this point, we do not have any reason to believe that he was not doing the work that he was tasked to do.    Ms. McCarthy. I am not sure where fault lies. That is what the Department of the Interior is going to identify. The question is the key decision that was made--there was the understanding based on the site conditions--and this was the experts from us and Colorado--that there was low or no pressure. That was the key decision. It was not the fact that he did the work the way the task order indicated. It was the fact that a determination was made that proved to be incorrect.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, I have, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I will have to look at the exact sentence you are reading. But the on-scene coordinator has extensive mining engineering expertise, and we worked with the Colorado Division of Reclamation, Mining and Safety, who have considerable expertise as well, including----    Ms. McCarthy . Expertise in that area.    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I am not an expert in the claims process, I apologize. If we need to answer your questions in more detail----    Ms. McCarthy. We will work with DOJ to compensate, as appropriate. I do not----    Ms. McCarthy. I cannot concur that I----    Ms. McCarthy. I cannot say that I will do something against the law. I am sorry, sir, I cannot do that. But I will follow up----    Ms. McCarthy. I am not going to try to get out of any of my responsibilities.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not recall it.    Ms. McCarthy. The West Virginia spill ended up actually contaminating drinking water supplies for many people. It caused significant concern, and it was done by a company that was not following the law in their requirements. That is why that was pursued.    In this instance, I am not saying that the 3 million gallon spill did no damage. Clearly, you will hear that damage happened, whether or not it was physical or not. The difference here is that when there is an accident, you have to determine whether somebody was doing the things they should have been doing and an accident occurred that they could not have anticipated, or whether there is fault and blame. That is what we are trying to determine with the independent review, and we will follow wherever that goes.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not believe that the Agency violated the Endangered Species Act, and we can continue to look at that and talk. The more important thing is--you are absolutely right--if we did something wrong, then you should come after us. And, frankly, I am going to take full accountability for that, as well.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, I cannot speak to any particular instance that I am unaware of. But I----    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. Time is out. Follow the law. Next one, Mr. Palmer.    Ms. McCarthy. I am not directly aware of it, sir; so I will have to get back to you.    Ms. McCarthy. Not that I am aware of.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. I am not aware of that incident, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I am sorry, sir, I do not know whether I am qualified to answer that question, but I will certainly respond----    Ms. McCarthy. I think that I am well aware that there was a work plan that involved a significant amount of engineering expertise. What you asked me were the exact actions at the site. I am not prepared to answer that portion of the question.    Ms. McCarthy. Clearly----    Ms. McCarthy. That is my understanding----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. I am happy to follow up on that. I cannot answer that----    Ms. McCarthy. I do not have his individual name, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not have his bio in front of me, sir, but I do know that the work plan itself was not developed at the site. It was developed with the state of Colorado after significant public input from the Animas River Stakeholder----    Ms. McCarthy. I am not suggesting we did not, but I am suggesting I cannot answer your question at this point, but I am happy to follow up.    Ms. McCarthy. Wow.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, there are two long-term issues that we need to address. I know time is constrained, so I will try to keep this limited.    We have a long-term responsibility to deal with the sediment issue. That has been one of the major concerns of President Begaye and the Navajo, which we appreciate, and others, because we know that that river has not been of high water quality for some time. Sediment has been a concern. We have to monitor that closely. We now have a long-term concern about that that we share, and we are developing a plan to do that that we will get input from everybody on, so we can address that. So----    Ms. McCarthy. I am sorry. The second long-term issue is what happens in the Upper Animas. We are not close to resolving the challenges associated with the ongoing discharge, which, frankly, dwarfs the spill we have. We have to address that.    In terms of looking at this more broadly than a technical challenge, one of the challenges that the Navajo and, frankly, the Southern Ute, and others have expressed to us is that we have a trust responsibility with the tribes, which makes this more important. We have----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. We will do the best we can. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, there will be accountability in two ways: whether or not we had administrative and management failures, or whether we had any criminal concerns that arise out of the independent review. Those are two related but separate issues.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I know that we have both the Inspector General, who looks at these issues, and the Oversight Committee. I expect we will be able to walk through the accountability issues when all the facts are on the table.    Ms. McCarthy. The sequence that we expect from the Agency, or anybody in this situation, is, first and foremost, to protect the folks that are on the site, to make sure that there is no potential for safety issues to arise.    Then, the second issue is the challenge to minimize the spill as much as you can to get that under control.    And the third is to take a look at the impacts downstream, so that you can address those and mitigate those, as well. Then, obviously, there is a longer-term challenge of making sure that there is appropriate compensation through the Claims Act. In the case of EPA, where we had partners working with us, states and tribes, to also reimburse them for their expenses.    Ms. McCarthy. I----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes. I am not aware that we did not follow the correct procedures. I am certainly aware that we could have done better on notification. I think we will have to learn from those lessons, and we have already started to do that. We will learn from whatever DOI says about what caused the incident, what were the precipitating factors, and what we need to do about it.    Unfortunately, sometimes you learn from some of the worst things, and this is one of them.    Ms. McCarthy. Those can be changed at any point in time.    Ms. McCarthy. I am unaware that they have been submitted----    Ms. McCarthy . But we have been working to explain the form----    Ms. McCarthy . And how to do that----    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know what you are referring to. I am sorry, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. OK, sure.    Ms. McCarthy. Oh, the water released at the dam.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I did not know what you were referring to.    Ms. McCarthy. I am aware that that happened.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know whether that is something that----    Ms. McCarthy. The Navajo has not raised that issue with me, so, I will find out what----    Ms. McCarthy. OK.    Ms. McCarthy. I indicated that the notifications----    Ms. McCarthy. That is what I was talking about.    Ms. McCarthy. No, the state----    Ms. McCarthy . Does that. No----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, that is part of the----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, they are anticipating to be completed in October.    Ms. McCarthy. It very much does, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. We actually have, and we continue to look----    Ms. McCarthy . At that, and----    Ms. McCarthy. I am aware of that, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. The processes were in place. If there is additional that we need to do, I----    Ms. McCarthy. There was a process in place----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, one of----    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know what the exact term is, sir, but that is absolutely an administrative responsibility for us to look at that----    Ms. McCarthy. Something, yes, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Actually, I was the person who held John Beale accountable.    Ms. McCarthy. I was the one that referred this, and I really----    Ms. McCarthy. No, I did not, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I will--I am sorry, when did you say you sent that?    Ms. McCarthy. OK. I will double-check, and we will get you a tentative date, and----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, sir, I have not seen it, and I do not want to give you a date that I would then have to explain away, because----    Ms. McCarthy. All right.    Ms. McCarthy. I am sorry, I do not exactly know the context in which you are referring, but----    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. No. What we did was, when this happened, I issued a memo to put a hiatus on all mining operations--mining recovery or, what is the word I am looking for, cleanups--that we were involved in. As a result of that, those cleanups stopped, and we have identified 10 that look similar to this, where we have to make sure we do not----    Ms. McCarthy. Say that again.    Ms. McCarthy. If folks want to have that, I think the states were revealed----    Ms. McCarthy . And they may have the----    Ms. McCarthy . Locations, as well.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know, sir, but I can go back and take a look.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes. The Gold King Mine was raised to us, rather than the other way around. We got involved, is my understanding, because there was identified to be a blowout problem. So, we will continue to work cooperatively, there were no secrets here; that work was being done in a very transparent and publicly-accessible way.    Ms. McCarthy. I cannot answer that right now, sir, but I----    Ms. McCarthy. I----    Ms. McCarthy. I know we have a mining team, a national mining team that works on these issues, and I know that we work on----    Ms. McCarthy . Mining sites.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, that----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I would have to go back and identify what both Colorado and EPA were basing their judgments on, but it was a concern of the entire community, including the Animas River Stakeholder Group, that there was a----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. That is why we were there.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, that is one of the issues--did we take all the prudent steps we needed to? That is where the Department of the Interior is going to be able to help inform us.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. Ms. McCarthy, let me save you some time in getting back with him. According to your Web site, you have zero mining engineers. Actually, Scott, our committee has more mining engineers than EPA does.    Mr. Hardy.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know that answer, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know that answer, either.    Ms. McCarthy. Not on every site, sir. But it is my responsibility to manage the Agency appropriately.    Ms. McCarthy. I am not that familiar with it, sir. But those are the issues that the Department of the Interior----    Ms. McCarthy. Again, it is my responsibility to manage the Agency effectively.    Ms. McCarthy. I cannot say that I have ever been directly involved in that hiring process; but I am aware that we set criteria for the credibility of the contractors, we look for those with experience and background that is appropriate, and we do that through an RFP process.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I am not assuming that we do not have expertise to understand what is necessary for----    Ms. McCarthy. Any information that is provided with the Federal Government has to be properly retained, in accordance with the law.    Ms. McCarthy. Whatever appropriate steps we should take should be documented.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you, Chairman.