    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all so much for coming.    Mr. Shea, you--in your written and oral testimony, you talked about--let me quote--``Beijing has heavily emphasized both commercial launch services and satellite exports as the space industry has developed, and both activities provide China's space industry with revenues, opportunities to measure the quality of its products and services against international competitors, and industrial development synergies, et cetera.''    One of the things this Committee has done in a very bipartisan way is try to be champions for the development of the commercial space industry here in the United States. Does China represent a real threat to our commercial space industry or is the competition good for our commercial space industry?    Mr. Beyer. Great. Thank you.    And Dr. Lewis, again, this Committee has tried to really be a champion for open data often directed in different political things, whether it's the data that the EPA uses to proclaim its rules or our support for all the scientists that the U.S. Government funds making their data available to other scientists. Do you see any of the possibility for open data coming from the Chinese investments in space? What will we learn from their new telescope, for example, compared to what we'll be able to make available to the world from James Webb or from Hubble?    Mr. Beyer. Is the merging of their version of NASA with their version of the Department of Defense the real bar for us, that they don't have an independent space agency that's not militaristic?;    Mr. Beyer. We had the author of The Martian here a few months ago, and as you will recall from the book and the movie, they turned to China to help when the guy was stranded on Mars. Is that just a space fantasy?    Mr. Beyer. Mr. Stokes, you know, we've heard a number of times that China really lags, you know, they're 40 years behind us in terms of getting people into space but their quantum experiments, you know, QESS satellite, seem to be an exception, that they may be able to beam quantum encrypted information between orbiting satellites and ground stations, a revolutionary technology. Does this give them a specific advantage over us? Are they experimenting in places that we're ignoring?    Mr. Beyer. Oh, okay.    Mr. Beyer. All right. Thank you.