    Dr. STEUERLE. Thank you, Chairpersons Boustany and Walorski, Ranking Member Doggett and McGovern, Chairman Conaway, and Chairman Ryan, if he returns. I thank you for this opportunity to testify before you again. My name is Gene Steuerle, and I have worked with you on many tax, budget, and welfare issues over time, and again, it is an honor to be here again. My remarks reflect my own views and not those of the institutions with which I am associated.    Despite the rhetoric about living in an age of austerity, we live in a time of extraordinary opportunity. On a per-household basis, our income is higher ever than even before the Great Recession, and 60 percent higher, by the way, than when Ronald Reagan was elected President.    The best options, in my view, for the future of a social welfare budget cannot possibly be determined well by the needs and parameters established decades ago in a very different economy and driving the programs we are talking about today. Two examples enlighten us as to how bipartisan efforts actually led to important forward-looking shifts from past policies.    Republicans and Democrats did not always agree on the merits of either AFDC or the Earned Income Tax Credit, yet they did favor a shift from welfare toward wage subsidies. Ditto for moving from public housing to housing vouchers. To me, these give evidence that there are bipartisan ways of getting around the type of problem we are talking about today.    I also sense that both the American public and you, their elected representatives, are united in wanting to create a 21st century social welfare budget. That budget, I believe, should and will place greater focus on opportunity, mobility, work, and investment in human, real, and financial capital. However, for the most part, we have never really had a social welfare budget that is focused on mobility and work.    As I show in ``Dead Men Ruling,'' you hold office at a time unique in our Nation's history, a time when the politically unattractive option of reneging on promises the public feels it has been made has been turned into a requirement. Economic growth, even if modest, always provided new opportunities. It is just that you now operate within a budget where too many choices have already been preempted by dead and retired elected officials who continue to rule.    For instance, projections by the Congressional Budget Office and others imply that government is scheduled to spend in excess of $1 trillion more annually in about 10 years. And by the way, those numbers come about whether you are dealing often with a Republican or a Democratic budget because they are derived from economic growth. Yet all of that money, plus some, has already been absorbed by other commitments that have been made, and the traditional source of flexibility in the budget has been removed.    Now, one important component of the reform that is necessary, if we could reallocate those future resources, increased resources, would be the combined marginal tax rates imposed mainly on lower-income households and their potential negative effects on work, wealth accumulation, and marriage.    To see how many programs combine to reduce the reward to work and marriage, I invite you to look at the first figures in my testimony. There I show that for households with children, combined marginal tax rates from direct taxes and universally available programs, like the Earned Income Credit, SNAP, and health insurance, average about 66 percent when moving from about $15,000 of income to about $55,000 of income, typically when moving toward full-time work, taking a second job in the household, and particularly facing the very large penalties if you happen to marry another worker.    Those beneficiaries of additional housing and welfare were not even included in this first figure. You add those in, and the rates get up above 75 percent on average.    Now add in items like transportation, consumption, and childcare costs--childcare costs are dealt with quite clearly by the testimony by Ms. McCorkle--and the gains from work fall even more. Sometimes there are no gains at all.    So while there is widespread disagreement on the size of these disincentive effects on work and marriage, there is little doubt that they do exist. One way out of this bind, as I keep trying to emphasize, would be to focus future increased resources more towards an opportunity budget that emphasizes early childhood, quality teachers, work subsidies in lieu of more subsidies just for consumption, decent neighborhood environments, and similar items.    Combined tax rates could also be made more explicit, and work could be made a stronger requirement when they receive some benefits. And by the way, cutting healthcare cost plays a big role here too.    I will be glad to discuss these options further with you as the hearing proceeds. Thank you.    Dr. STEUERLE. I think that is correct, Chairman Boustany. And part of the issue, as you say, this issue has arisen over the years and the decades, and the question is whether there is any quick fix.    Part of what I am trying to lay out in my testimony is, is if we think ahead 15, 20 years when resources in the economy are going to be greater, we can, I think--I think we have an established base to provide people minimum levels of consumption. I think we can start moving on this particular problem.    So, for instance, primary education, we don't think of it, creating marriage penalties and work disincentives. There are a lot of things we do. Visiting nursing programs that a number of people are engaged in.    The other issue, which nobody wants to address a lot, is a lot of this has arisen jurisdictionally when spending used to be determined by the expenditure committees and taxes were basically paying for public goods. Now that we have about $35,000 on average per household in transfers coming from the government, now the tax-writing committees do transfers, the spending committees do taxes.    And so I think there is a jurisdictional issue too that you are trying to address by having this joint committee of how you can make joint decisions about these issues, and I don't think that is resolved at all.    Dr. STEUERLE. So I have a lot of options in my testimony, but one of them is to think about giving at the State level, there is this debate about whether you actually give grants to the States, but you could give State workers more flexibility to, say, combine some of the programs, provide the same level of benefits, say, to somebody who is getting these benefits, but merge them in a different way. Maybe they need transportation, maybe they are willing to sacrifice something to do education. To create a little more of those types of options I think----    Dr. STEUERLE. In conjunction with the client.    Dr. STEUERLE. I don't know what they can do directly. I do sense, as I responded to Chairman Boustany, I think we can give them more options to think about combining or merging programs or giving--say, a recipient is eligible for a given level of benefits, to take that level of benefits and split it some other ways maybe for transportation, education, or something. Maybe they are willing to accept a little bit less food stamps. The complication is a lot of cases, they don't have the jurisdiction. There is a huge jurisdictional splits. It is also an issue that my colleagues have dealt with a lot. There is not one-stop shopping for the client as well. So there is all sorts of coordination. One thing you might try to provide incentives as far as just figure out ways to get these data sets together so we can actually figure out what is going on state local levels.    Dr. STEUERLE. Mr. Thompson, if I could quickly answer. I think there are a lot of efforts in the educational area that are promising. I think apprenticeships are one of them, for instance, where we have done very little. But I would also like to comment, just general course of this hearing, there are these programs that I think namely aimed at mobility, education, training, I would probably include things like the earned income tax credit, and there are other programs that mainly aimed at consumption. It's the programs that are aimed at consumption, providing minimum levels of consumption that provide a lot of these cliffs and issues that we are facing.    If you look at the budget for children, we mainly have been talking about programs for children, they are actually pretty much in decline. The earned income credit is an index. It doesn't grow with the economy. The child credit is an index for inflation. I am guessing SNAP benefits in real terms per person are not going up. They have expanding number of people getting them. TANF has certainly been declining rather than the economy. So those programs, children's programs, are actually well in decline. That is a separate subject, because all of our social welfare budget is going to health and retirement. So that is a different issue. So I think that what has happened to children's budget is it is eventually going to be turned around. I see an opportunity, when that turnaround comes, to start devoting more money to these mobility efforts. I am not saying that every mobility effort works, but these types of things like training and education do not create the types of disincentive effects that we are actually talking about here. Generally speaking, they are all in the positive incentive effect. I am not saying they all work, but I think there are a lot of opportunities about thinking about what a future budget would be if it moves in the direction you are talking about.    Dr. STEUERLE. Mr. Smith, as I said in my testimony, I think the real way around this trap to break the Gordian Knot is to start thinking in the future--because government does gradually grow, and the social welfare budget does grow just because the economy grows, it might be a smaller share of the economy or larger--is to think about orienting more and more resources towards things that provide mobility. It is education, it is wage subsidies, it is a lot of the other items we have talked about. And I think we have been moving in that direction. If you look at both what welfare reform did, moving away from AFDC, we have sort of been moving in that direction.    When we just try to provide minimum levels of consumption by itself, initially, when people are starving or something, it doesn't look good, but above certain levels it provides a lot of discouragement. But things like primary, secondary education doesn't discourage. So if we start moving the budget towards this mobility front, I think we can go a long way.    And I would just like to clarify one earlier part of this debate between whether these programs do or do not discourage work. The movement we had recently has moved us away from a poverty trap to what one of my colleagues and I nowI call a twice poverty trap or three times poverty trap, it is from about zero to about $15,000 of income.    We have moved our programs in the direction of encouraging work. And if you take most of the examples that people around the table have given, when you get to about $15,000 of income up to about $55,000 of income, now you have got average tax rates of maybe 66 percent in universal programs, 70 or 80 percent in the non-universal, and then you add on child care, and you can get this type of trap.    So I think you have to distinguish where we are talking about these traps encouraging, and right now, it is this trap where if you move, as I say, beyond a part-time job, you marry, you get a second job, that is where we really are discouraging work quite a bit, or moving to a higher-paying job, as several people have mentioned.