    Dr. Chu. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the opportunity to be part of the panel this morning.    Let me try to summarize my written statement under three headings: First, what do we know about cycle time defined as the time from the start of a program until initial operational capability is achieved; second, to the extent there are issues with cycle time, what are they; and third, what can we do about those issues.    Looking at the Selected Acquisition Report data of the last 25, 30 years, I do not see any trend in the cycle time. Cycle time has been relatively stable, 8 to 9 years over that period. Our impression is very different, perhaps because some very large programs have taken a long time: F-22, V-22, and F-35, which, of course, is not completely finished with its development program.    To the extent that there is dissatisfaction with cycle time, I think a good deal of the source lies in the definition of the program at the start, what people like to call the requirements process, a term I actually would urge we drop. Because, in fact, we are always picking a point in the space of trades among the various features of the system concerned.    And our real interest ought to be how well the system performs against the mission needs for those in the field who are going to get it. Too often, from a technical perspective, looking back at history, we pick a point in the trade space that is too tough to achieve from a technological perspective within the timeframe that we might desire.    And that tendency is exacerbated, I would argue, by the incentives facing those responsible for the system, starting with the program manager. We reward program managers for getting programs to production, not for helping the system make a good decision, which in some cases, is to admit we have made a mistake and the program ought to end.    The services, likewise eager to have as much content within the fiscal guidance as they can possibly achieve, tend to plan for more than can actually be financed. And the companies look to production for the source of their return on capital have every incentive to be optimistic about development time and development needs.    If those are the sources of our dissatisfaction, what can we do about them? First and foremost, I think at the start we ought to take what some of my colleagues have called a physics-based approach to setting the technical parameters. What does the trade space look like? What point within that trade space do we want to select?    Second, as Mr. Hunter suggested, as one of my colleagues has phrased a bit edgily, we should prepare to be wrong. We should build systems knowing--especially the major platforms--knowing that we are likely to want to change them to aim at block upgrades across their lifetime, that means allowing for extra space, weight, power, et cetera, in the original design.    To be sure that we have picked the parameters thoughtfully, I think greater emphasis on development testing is essential. The Department System Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 called for that, and the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act strengthens those provisions.    And finally, I think we ought to rethink the incentives that face the program managers and the services as well as the companies that produce the articles to emphasize, much as Intel does, as I understand it, that really the rewards are to go to those who give good advice, and sometimes that advice is the program is not meritorious, that not every program started ought to go to a finish.    Let me offer three observations very briefly in conclusion. First, I think the emphasis I would urge is less on whether or not we shorten the cycle time and more on understanding how do we pick the best cycle time for the need that we face. In some cases, we want an article urgently, we are willing to give up certain elements of performance in order to get that, or certain elements of long life that we would otherwise seek. MRAP is an excellent case in point. MRAP was achieved fairly rapidly, but was an article we decided not to retain, and we discarded approximately $40 billion worth of equipment. Some additional bias for flexibility will be helpful in shortening cycle times for those articles we want quickly.    Second, I think it is essential to keep our focus on mission performance as the ultimate standard, not on the technical parameters per se. It is the mission needs that are crucial. That includes, of course, deployment deadlines when those are significant.    And finally, as Secretary Gates' testimony, I would argue, last week at the Senate Armed Services Committee contended, perhaps the most important ingredient in success is the human capital, the quality of the people managing the system and the technical staff that support them, an issue, I think, that the National Defense Authorization Act for this fiscal year recognizes.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Pasqua.    Dr. Chu. I would add two thoughts to the general idea that you advanced. One, reinforcing, which is there in various congressional direction the last several years, and that is a greater emphasis on development testing. We don't do enough testing early on of the technology ideas to be sure that they are going to pay off in the way we think.    Second, I think, again, back to deemphasizing the word ``requirements,'' too often we pick a technological point and we follow these attributes forgetting that in the end what counts is does it add to mission success or not. And there are a number of systems where we have picked points that actually don't have a lot to do with mission success but we keep pursuing them in the systems development even though they are not going to have a high payoff, and that often is the cause of serious difficulty.    The Chairman. Okay. Mr. Pasqua, I want to come back to you in a second with the private sector.    Mr. Francis, what do you think?    Dr. Chu. I think there is an issue there with the human capital, and that is that as the number of new systems has declined over the last several decades in at least several platform areas, private aircraft being a principal example, it is less the case as was earlier true that the design engineers have prior experience with that design problem.    And so we move from a situation where United States and let's say the 1950s, 1960s science engineers have frequent opportunities to try out new design ideas and experience with the ups and downs of that process to--they may do one or two designs in an entire career.    And so that base of hard-won lessons from things that didn't go so well is not as frequently there, and I think that is one of the issues out there. I think that does lead to a different kind of technology separation production, which is perhaps more emphasis on prototypes and prototypes for their own sake, to try out technologies and to give the design teams more experience with the tough issue of how you actually make these trades work.    Dr. Chu. Sir, what I would worry about most is the lack of competition, the consolidation that you mentioned. You look at history of fighter aircraft since World War II in the early decades, I think the historians would argue the interesting innovations came from the firms that lost the last competition because they realized if they didn't come up with a new idea they would not be around much longer. That is no longer a threat to the major suppliers.    Coupled with, as you hinted, and as Mr. Pasqua's testimony underscored, a set of Federal procurement rules make it very difficult for a truly commercial firm to do business with a fellow company. So what you have is basically a firm that specialized in defense procurement or subsets of firms, such as the Boeing division between military and civil aviation that specialize in defense procurement. And again that limits the degree of competition, most importantly competition about new ideas.    Dr. Chu. If I may add, sir, I think on the end user front, the end users you may most want to encourage to say more are the combatant commanders. They are after all the one responsible forces--at whatever level, enlisted--officer. And they don't have too large a voice in the present system.    Dr. Chu. This question of scoring multiyear buys, particularly if they have a lease-type structure, which is what you are describing, I think is one that has bedeviled the Department. Congress, to point to a positive example, offered a way out for privatized housing and special provisions.    And so on the one hand, I understand the source of the constraint, which is to avoid signing long-term leases and dodging the fiscal limits; on the other hand, I think it has proven injurious to some arrangements that might indeed be interesting, and I would look to some provision, perhaps modeled on the privatized housing authority that allows meritorious multiyear deals to go through.    Dr. Chu. I think in terms of getting other firms to be willing to offer to the Department, what does need to be thought about is do we need to burden the contractors with as many special provisions, largely social goals, as current acquisition statutes require? It makes it very difficult for the commercial firm to want to offer to DOD. This is a high wall of expertise and requirements we are going to have to meet.    Dr. Chu. Depends on the contract. If you have a cost-showing provision or if it is a fixed-price situation of some kind, the contractor will obviously earn a lower rate of return. I think the ultimate penalty for the contractor is something Mr. Francis touched on, which is, if the system proves more expensive, the Department may decide to buy fewer of those systems. And so the length of the production run or the volume of business the contractor enjoys is thereby diminished.    In the worst case, the Department will decide, has occasionally done so, this is too much. We are going to stop and thereby lose the opportunity to further production. So any contractors have an incentive to try to keep, not necessarily to meet the guidelines that were pledged in the acquisition process--that is a whole different issue--but to keep the production price of the article still competitive with the mission need.    The real issue in all these cases is, is this worth investing in to perform the mission we have in mind, or has it become too expensive relative to the return that it will yield?    Dr. Chu. Since we now have a small number, I don't think any of them has been exempt from that problem. I think it is important to keep the cost overrun issue in perspective. The large cost overruns are largely percentagewise on development contracts, not production contracts. Once we get to production beyond the first few lots, we generally have a fairly good idea what it is going to cost, and people stay within those parameters.    The typical program doesn't actually overrun. That is not always true. That is the legend out there that they all overrun. That is not fair----    Dr. Chu. I think your question goes exactly to the thought I offered, that a more physics-based approach at the early stage of the program, looking at these tradeoffs explicitly, would be very helpful. And if Congress were to ask for what the parameter space looks like, which it doesn't tend to do, in other words if we want more protection, what are we going to sacrifice either in carrying capacity of the vehicle, or cost in order to use a more advanced technology for protection, that would lead to a more informed debate about why did the Department pick the particular combination of ingredients it is recommending in the program that is going forward? That conversation at the legislative level typically does not happen now.    Dr. Chu. If I may add one thought, as one looks at the technical trades, I think it is always important to keep in mind what mission need are you trying to fulfill? And that may lead to you conclude that you don't need quite as technologically ambitious an article as you thought you did.    An example comes to mind on position navigation precision, one of the technical programs I have had a chance to look at. When we were aiming at a very high degree of precision, when we showed operators, back a bit to what Mr. Hunter was emphasizing, what we could achieve, which was far south of that objective, they said, no, no, that is good enough. Don't keep going. We will take what you have already been able to achieve.    Dr. Chu. I am not sure I want to defend the 15-year estimate as being meritorious.    Dr. Chu. Certainly, if you insist on starting every element of the new design over, you are going to add to the time scale. I think part of the genius, and it is hinted in the way you phrased the question, is can we take some existing designs--which might be foreign, by the way, not necessarily in the United States--and adapt those to whatever purpose we have mind. And I think a more--the approach that builds more on what we already know would allow you to field capabilities faster.    Dr. Chu. Indeed. I would agree that it is not clear to me it is a risk-averse culture. In fact, we take the wrong set of risks, I think is what Mr. Francis is arguing. And we underinvest in technology development, without--or let me put it the other way around--that too often we see technology development as always needing to lead to a new system, and that is not always going to be true.    I think more willingness to sort through the technological choices in an organized way and to reward people for giving good advice about which are the promising paths versus the ones that should be shut off. In the current incentive system, managers talk about the value. Everybody thinks he has to get his or her technology into production. That is the sign of success.    Now, I would argue differently. Success is having a broad portfolio of choices to start with and narrowing down to the most promising ones. That does include, as Mr. Francis I think has emphasized to you, much more emphasis on developmental testing than has been true in the recent past.    Dr. Chu. You have named some of the notable failures over time. I do think part of the----    Dr. Chu. We did get better, actually, over time, I would argue.    I think part of the solution is what others have advocated, which is often from the field perspective the 80 percent solution is good enough. And so one of the reasons for longer times to solve the problem than is meritorious is we aim too high. We ought to aim at, as I think your comments emphasize, what is most essential for accomplishing that mission. What does the troop really need in order to do a good job. If we get that done, we could then add to that success in a more evolutionary approach.