    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Forbes.    And thank you to the witnesses for being here today.    Yesterday morning Under Secretary Kendall was sort of a featured speaker at the sea, air, and space gathering over in Virginia, you know, packed room. Talked about a lot of the same issues that are being discussed here, that narrowing gap that, Admiral Locklear, you referred to earlier this morning.    But what is interesting is at the end of his remarks he actually pretty passionately used a pretty good chunk of his time talking about STEM education in this country as really a critical component of our national security long term, and particularly with the narrowing gap that Admiral Locklear mentioned.    The STEM Education Council, which is a pretty extraordinary coalition of Microsoft, National Association of Manufacturers, you know, all the hard-science professional educators, American Farm Bureau, released a report recently where they talked about 23 percent of the graduate degrees in STEM in the world today are China and 10 percent are the U.S. And that kind of, I think, particularly when we talk about Asia-Pacific and the challenges, and again looking beyond just today's budget year, that point that I think Under Secretary Kendall was making is pretty powerful.    And we talk about sequestration and trying to balance defense and nondefense. I mean the fact is that education is one of those that could ``pay the price,'' quote, unquote, if we just had a sort of lopsided approach to dealing with sequestration. But long term, in terms of our defense, that is just adding to that disparity that is pretty disturbing right now.    So, Ms. Wormuth, then just wonder if you maybe wanted to comment on that, anyone else, about what you see out there in terms of where China's investment in education and the increase in capabilities that we are seeing emerging domestically from their country.    Mr. Courtney. Thank you. I mean, this is the 60th anniversary of the launching of the Nautilus. And Admiral Rickover in his final days actually almost stopped talking about the nuclear Navy and was really focused on U.S. education policy for precisely those reasons.    And, again, the threat in Asia is where I think this imbalance is really the most acute. And, again, I think as we, this committee should look at the big picture here in terms of just what is national defense really, what are the building blocks of it. And having an educational system that is prepared to provide the workforce for both the military and obviously the people who develop our weapon systems and weapons platforms has really got to be part of that discussion.    So thank you for your testimony today.    I yield back.