    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for putting a priority on informing the American people by holding this hearing.    Mr. George, on a personal note, the passion and compassion that you showed about caring for a loved one is not missed in the unbelievable difficulty of this hearing, and I just want to say, you know, if we could all have sons who are willing to do that kind of service to a family member, this world would be a better place. So I just want to say thank you. Thank you for your service.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Camus, I want to come back to you because I want to follow up on what the chairman was talking about. Because as we've started to look, this whole thing of willful is a very high standard. You know, you almost have to have the smoke coming out of the end of the gun, and yet in your investigation, and actually, I started reviewing Mr. Koskinen's statements before this committee, before the Senate Finance Committee, before the Ways and Means Committee, and just to refresh your memory, it says, ``We've confirmed the backup tapes no longer exist.'' ``We've confirmed that Lois Lerner's emails are unrecoverable.'' We had another statement that would indicate that they have worked diligently to find these missing emails. But as you have indicated, you found them in six different sources. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. So how could, if we have these statements, how do you reconcile those statements with you going out and finding them? I mean, how do you do--how do you take someone who says there's absolutely no way that they exist, and then, according to your testimony here today, they didn't even look. So how could you say that that was anything other than willful?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So--and you did. And that's where I want to pick up. Because if we have a management failure, one thing that hasn't been talked about yet is these backup tapes are held in just a handful of locations. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. So in a handful of locations a memo goes out. How in the world would those handful of locations not have gotten the memo that they needed to be preserved?    Mr. Meadows. So a handful of organizations, all of them got the memo and then decided not to follow it?    Mr. Meadows. Yeah. And I guess that's hard because if I give this to a fifth grader, they--you know, and I know it's harder to be smarter than a fifth grader, but if I give it to a fifth grader to not destroy backup tapes, I don't know how much simpler it can be. Do you, Mr. Camus? Do you see the ambiguity, I guess, is what I'm saying?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So if that's the case, who's going to be held accountable? Who's going to lose their job? Who's going to restore or start to restore the confidence in this agency by the American people? Because we've been hearing after hearing after hearing that we've looked, we've searched, we can't find, and yet you found them. So who's going to be held accountable? Who, in your opinion, should be held accountable, let me rephrase it?    Mr. Meadows. So will that be in your report or can you get that to the committee on who should held accountable?    Mr. Meadows. We need you to name names, I guess is what I'm saying, Mr. Camus.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So last question. How is it that the inspector general can find things that the IRS can't find, that DOJ can't find? Should we put you in charge of DOJ and auditing?    Mr. Meadows. Indeed you do. Thank you so much.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman. I thank you.