    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I also want to thank our panelists for your willingness to testify and help the committee with its work.    Today will mark the fourth hearing held by this committee since the beginning of the 114th Congress to examine the executive actions on immigration announced by President Obama in November of 2014. We have also reviewed the Department of Homeland Security's revised immigration enforcement policies at both the subcommittee and full committee level, and we have examined the economic impact of recent executive actions. We have even looked at the questionable premise that those executive actions will somehow encourage voter fraud in State and Federal elections.    Now, I understand that these continued hearings may stem from disagreement over the administration's course of action on immigration. I have my own concerns about the precedent set by executive actions when it comes to other major policy issues that may affect future Congresses. However, I also share President Obama's frustration with the inability of some Members of Congress to support a balanced and sustainable immigration policy.    Too often this immigration debate becomes a battle between the throw-them-all-out crowd and the let-them-all-in crowd. But the truth of the matter is that we simply need to develop a responsible and sustainable immigration policy. And I think we all agree that the current arrangement is not working.    The United States has always been a nation of immigrants and welcoming those who would help build our country and who want to come here for all the right reasons. That's a fundamental American principle. That's why I strongly believe that our primary focus as lawmakers and members of this committee should be to make every effort to overcome the legislative gridlock that has defined immigration reform thus far so that Congress affords itself the opportunity to thoroughly debate and shape our Nation's immigration policy going forward.    In addition, we must ensure that those Federal agencies responsible for immigration enforcement, such as the Department of Homeland Security, have the resources and tools that they need to do their jobs. Regrettably that is not the case. As noted in the Department-wide memo issued by Secretary Jeh Johnson in November of 2014, ``Due to the limited resources, DHS and its components cannot respond to all immigration violations or remove all persons illegally in the United States.'' This is especially true given that the Federal Government is still operating under sequestration. In addition, Congress recently approved a budget blueprint that contemplates cutting nondefense spending, including Homeland Security budget, by $500 million below the sequester-level spending caps.    In spite of budgetary constraints, the Department of Homeland Security has detained and deported more individuals than during any other period in its history. According to the immigration--excuse me, the Migration Policy Institute, roughly 1.95 million people were removed from the United States between 2008 and 2013, those 6 years. That's approximately the same number who were subject to removal during the 8 years of the Bush administration.    In accordance with the guidance issued by Secretary Johnson last year, the Department also continues to conduct its enforcement and removal activities by prioritizing high-level threats to National security, border security, and public safety. Chief among the highest priority threats are undocumented immigrants suspected or engaged in terrorism or espionage, convicted felons, and those convicted of criminal street gang activity.    DHS is also seeking to strengthen its ability to collect and analyze immigration data in response to the recommendations issued by DHS Inspector General Roth, who is a guest of ours today, in May of 2015, regarding how best to enhance enforcement efficiency. Specifically, the inspector general's report notes that DHS agreed with the report's recommendation and plans to initiate a multipronged approach to gathering essential data on its use of prosecutorial discretion through its Office of Immigration Statistics.    Secretary Johnson ordered the Department and its components to fully comply with a February 2015 injunction issued by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas to halt the expansion of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program and the creation of a Deferred Action for Parental Accountability Program. In particular, Secretary Johnson announced on the day after the decision that DHS would not accept requests for expanded childhood arrivals and will suspend its plan to accept requests for the new parental accountability program. He has also requested that the Inspector General Roth investigate the issuance of approximately 2,000 expanded work permits by U.S. citizens ship and immigration services that were already in process but not halted quickly enough in violation of the injunction. And I understand that the Department has been cooperating with the Inspector General's Office thus far.    So, Mr. Chairman, I look forward to discussing the progress of this investigation and other issues pertaining to our improving immigration enforcement with our panelists.    And I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, the way we approach the question, the wider question of immigration is really based on what narrative that we use. This committee, this hearing is set up on a narrative that really looks at illegal immigrants who have committed heinous crimes, homicides. And so someone using that narrative will have a very negative view towards immigration policy because you're looking at that consequence.    There's another narrative, though. I had an opportunity as part of this National Security Subcommittee to visit, with the former chairman Mr. Issa, we went to Kandahar, Afghanistan, and I was honored. I have to say I was honored to be asked to participate in an immigration--citizenship ceremony. So here I am at this Godforsaken forward-operating base when about 100 young Marines, men and women, surprised at the number of young women, took the oath of citizenship for this country. Every one of them a noncitizen in American uniforms fighting for this country in a very difficult war zone from 19--and out of those, about 100 marines, a few soldiers as well--19 different countries, from Guatemala to Somalia to Ethiopia to Mexico. And, you know, I was standing there, and we had a chance to spend the afternoon with these young soldiers and marines, and I could not help but think about the quote that John F. Kennedy made famous. He said: Ask not what your country can do for you, but ask what you can do for your country.    And I'm thinking, these young soldiers, these young marines, standing in the place of American citizens in a tough, tough war zone, chasing the Taliban up and down that province--and they're not even citizens--trying to be--trying to be American citizens for all the right reasons, if you take that narrative and you see the good, the good, that is possible by adopting an immigration policy that actually values that desire to be part of this country for all the right reasons, you take a whole different--a much more hopeful view of immigration policy and what we could accomplish if we got it right.    So, Ms. Saldana, or Director Saldana, I want to ask you about some of your comments earlier. You were talking about--look, we all know that if we got sequestration or even the proposed budget is $500 million below sequestration, which really cuts into your ability to do your job, and I've seen numbers that say that 85 percent of ICE's removals from the United States in 2014 were convicted criminals. So it sounds like you're meeting your priorities.    I'm just wondering what impact--what impact is this going to have in going after the, you know, your priority--you said it was National security. So that's going after terrorists and those involved in espionage, criminal activity----    Mr. Lynch. So how will this-- tell me a little bit about how this might affect your ability to do your job and to try to make sense of this somewhat dysfunctional immigration policy that we have right now.    Mr. Lynch. Right. Now, do you do any work with the victims on the victim side----    Mr. Lynch. --in these cases, and is that piece going to be affected as well?    Mr. Lynch. Very good. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.