    Mr. Elbon. Chairman Babin, Ranking Member Edwards, and Members of the Subcommittee, on behalf of The Boeing Company, thank you for the opportunity to testify today to provide an update on Boeing's role in the International Space Station. And Mr. Chairman, as one of your constituents, congratulations on your selection to lead this important Committee.    Boeing is extremely proud to have supported NASA in the design, integration and assembly of the ISS. As NASA's prime contractor, Boeing delivered the U.S. elements of the ISS and provided system integration for the stage-by-stage assembly on orbit of all U.S. and international elements. We continue in the ISS sustainment role today.    On November 2, the world will celebrate 15 years of continuous presence in space, human presence in space, with international crews living and working aboard the ISS. At a time when many decry a gap in America's space program as we transition from the Space Shuttle to commercial transportation, we who know ISS know that America and our partner nations are making advances in space every day.    The International Space Station has been recognized as the largest, most complex international scientific and engineering project in history and the world's largest endeavor in space to date. Ongoing improvements are making ISS even better.    The Station brought together hardware and software from 16 countries around the globe and 37 states and more than 10,000 suppliers in our country. About the size of an American football field, the ISS is larger than a six bedroom house and has the internal pressurized volume of a 747.    ISS is an engineering marvel, a beacon for international cooperation, and a shining example of what can be achieved through strong leadership and unity of purpose on behalf of humankind.    As NASA's contractor for sustaining engineering of the ISS, Boeing is responsible for maintaining the Station and ensuring the full availability of the unique research laboratory for NASA, international partners, other U.S. Government agencies and private companies. In performing this role, we continue to work with NASA to reduce the costs of sustaining the International Space Station.    Over the past ten years, we have reduced the cost of our sustainment role by more than 30 percent. These savings has enabled NASA to fund ISS improvements such as the NASA Docking System, the critical component supporting the increase in the number of commercial vehicles visiting the Station. These improvements help to keep ISS at peak efficiency today and provide a basis for continuing strong performance well into the future. With NASA, we recently completed a technical assessment of the useable life of major ISS hardware components. Our study indicates that the Station will be operable at least through 2028. Long-term viability of the Station is an important factor in continuing to attract researchers, who invest considerable time in preparing their experiments for operation in space.    The continuing on-orbit reliability of ISS and the improvements made to further enhance research capabilities are a boon to maximizing facility utilization. Our work on ISS enables many benefits and improvements both to enable continuing human space exploration and to improve the quality of life here on Earth.    ISS continues to be used for developing multiple technologies to support deep space exploration. NASA is developing highly reliable life support systems to address needs for future exploration habitation systems. The ISS is a test bed for learning how the body reacts to prolonged weightlessness and allows us to develop countermeasures now.    And we are learning self-sustainment skills, such as growing food in space and recycling water. All of these things are important to learn and understand before we explore farther into our solar system.    Research on ISS has led to numerous improvements on Earth, from the medical field, to Earth observations, to providing clean water in underdeveloped countries, to how we diagnose and treat patients in remote areas.    Over the past several years, I've had opportunity to interact with leaders in countries that are not engaged in the ISS or do not have a space program. Without exception, in every one of these conversations about space exploration, these leaders express a strong desire to be involved in space, and more specifically, the International Space Station. They see the value of ISS: to inspire their youth to pursue STEM education, to create economy-expanding high technology industries, and to provide a significant source of national pride. This fresh perspective from leaders outside Station international partnership recognizing the tremendous value of ISS serves as a strong reminder to U.S. leaders and to all who are charged with the care of this national asset and global resource. We must never take what we have in ISS for granted. We must ensure that the International Space Station is well-funded, meticulously maintained and operated, and fully utilized for meaningful, high-value research.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Elbon. I'll just add to what Mr. Gerstenmaier said. The most significant involvement from Boeing's perspective is with the docking adapter. The second unit is in Florida and will be ready to fly when we resume flying. And the third unit, the parts are available at our suppliers and in Houston and we're under way putting the plan together to assemble that third unit to replace the one that was lost.    As Mr. Gerstenmaier mentioned, we're working very closely with NASA to understand the water filtration issue and to get those components ready to launch on the next resupply vehicles that go up. So I agree that we're in good shape to support the crew on orbit.    Mr. Elbon. The space suits themselves are not part of our sustaining contract, so I'm not in the middle of working that. We do however help NASA with all the analysis necessary to figure out which activities need to be done on EVA so that we can make sure that Space Station can continue to operate with the capabilities that exist there.    Mr. Elbon. Sure. Thanks for the question. The study that we did looked at things like the structural integrity of the elements on board, the ability to survive micro-meteorite kind of penetration and came to the conclusion that through 2028 is completely feasible relative to the hardware that's on orbit.    The other part of the question is what about the logistics resupply to replace boxes that fail on orbit of computers, et cetera, and to supply the crew? And based on the logistics model that NASA's laid out and is using for the procurement of Commercial Resupply Services 2, you know, that kind of volume and up-mass is sufficient to support the logistics resupply that's necessary based on our analysis.    So we think through 2028 is completely doable.