    Mrs. Blackburn. Yes, thank you.    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Slavitt, I have got a couple of quick questions. I want to follow up on something that Dr. Burgess was saying and something the chairman had mentioned to you in the beginning. You say that you feel like that the rule gives you the authority, or the law gives you the authority to change the rule.    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. Can you point out to me explicitly where it says that? Is there any way that you can read this and then tell me that we are not explicit in what this says and where you could have put rules in place and then go back and you change your mind and you decide to rework this? So can you point to me, can you submit to us the memo that says this is where we think we misread the law the first time and then we changed our mind?    Mrs. Blackburn. Do you know that memo exists?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. Well, that would be helpful, because I was a little bit confused when you said you didn't know what the process was or what the decisions were because you were not there. But then you turned around and you said that it was a public and transparent process. And in answering Ms. DeGette you said that there was advice given and you knew that there were memos to that effect.    So I think what we would like to see from you, since the law is pretty explicit I think we would like to see from you explicitly which memo and know what person decided that this was going to be a good idea. So will you submit that for us and can we have it within the next week?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. That will be good if you can give us that entire paper trail. In answering another question you said that you thought it was important for the insurers--I just want to be sure I understood this right--for the insurers to see the money coming so they can price for it.    Mrs. Blackburn. So you think that we have got to put additional taxpayer funds into this program in order for the premiums to come down because we don't have enough money that people are paying, or the insurance costs too much, or they have access to the queue not to the care so the hospitals still have a tremendous amount of uncompensated care; is that what I am to understand from you?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. So then they have to have that money in order to get the prices down, which means the consumer who is buying the product is going to pay more so the insurance company has access to the money to put back in the product; is that correct?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK.    Mrs. Blackburn. So the money just exists?    Mrs. Blackburn. So OK, let me move on. If we can manufacture money I guess we can manufacture a lot of things. In the reinsurance program what insurance company has gotten the most money?    Mrs. Blackburn. Would you find that out and get it to us?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK.    Mrs. Blackburn. That sounds great. In the interest of time, I will yield back.