    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And to my friend, Ranking Member Pallone, my question is going to follow up on yours in two points.    So one is, that the country feeds the world. United States, we feed the world. And I would argue, being from Illinois--and I am glad John is here--Illinois and the Midwest is a predominant producer of base commodity products that go around the world.    So, John, these two questions are for you. First of all, the last couple years, we had a pretty big drought. Had we had that drought a decade ago or two decades ago, what would have been the result? And what made our ability to withstand the drought survivable?    Mr. Shimkus. And how do you do that?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    Mr. Shimkus. And not just in the United States, but as we assist other countries around the world to feed themselves, it is through the great aspect of science that has allowed us to do this. And, unfortunately, it is an untold story in this debate, because without it and the population growth and the climate changes, we could be in a disastrous position.    Let me go to the next question, because it really talks about an individual producer. So the producer sometimes gets lost in this debate. OK, so we have now this bifurcated system of labeling and not labeling and a supply chain. Tell me how a corn or a bean farmer in central Illinois who is planting 750 to 1,000 acres, what would you have to do?    Mr. Shimkus. To produce two sets of corn going for the same product, one GMO, one non-GMO.    Mr. Shimkus. You would have to stop the winds maybe?    Mr. Shimkus. You would have to have different silos?    Mr. Shimkus. Different trucks?    Mr. Shimkus. So when it went to the food processing facility, would they have to have different silos?    Mr. Shimkus. Two different whole chains?    Mr. Shimkus. So I know that corn now is sold around the world. And I was kind of surprised that sometimes they are in containers and container----    Mr. Shimkus. I always think they would be in a big hull, you know, and you just pour all the corn in.    So what if it pulls up to a port and they do a sample and, of the billions of kernels, they find one that is either/or? Then what happens?    Mr. Shimkus. So this is really a big debate that we are having, and I think we need to tread very careful.    I want to thank my colleague for taking the leadership on this, Mr. Pompeo. I mean, he has the wheat story to tell, I am sure, which is very similar to a corn or a bean story. And we haven't even talked about segueing it into the livestock issue and the feed issue and multiple, multiple other derivations that this--so that is why I am a cosponsor and look forward to working with him as he moves it forward.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.