    Mr. Barr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, thank you for your patience and for staying with us here.    Since we have talked a lot today about market liquidity, let me bookend our discussion here today with that subject.    The Center for Financial Stability has found that market liquidity has declined 46 percent since its peak in March of 2008. And a recent article in the Wall Street Journal provides this analysis: ``Talk to almost any banker, investor, or hedge fund manager today, and one topic is likely to dominate the conversation. It is the lack of liquidity in the markets and what this might mean for the world economy and their businesses. Market veterans say that they have never experienced conditions like it. Banks have become so reluctant to make markets that it has become hard to execute large trades, even in the vast foreign exchange and government bond markets, without moving prices.''    So I want to address my question to your skepticism that regulation has played a part in this liquidity issue.    Have you heard from bankers, many of your former colleagues on Wall Street, and bankers that I have heard from as well, that they are less likely today to engage in market-making activities as a result of Volcker and other regulatory pressures?    Mr. Barr. But, clearly, as Secretary of the Treasury, you have--    Mr. Barr. Yes, and they have given you that feedback. But what is it that leads you to doubt their sincerity, or do you not--    Mr. Barr. I understand, but--    Mr. Barr. Yes. I understand. But would you acknowledge that when banks become reluctant to engage in market-making that impacts liquidity?    Mr. Barr. Let me take one example, and that is the collateralized loan obligation marketplace: $350 billion of senior secured commercial and industrial loans that provide financing for very dynamic job-producing companies, many of which are actually in my own district.    Would you acknowledge that the Volcker Rule has forced banks to take pretty significant losses in AAA and AA CLO paper?    Mr. Barr. There are already banks being forced to divest AAA and AA CLO paper.    Mr. Barr. Right, but let me ask you--    Mr. Barr. Sir, do you know how many AAA or AA tranches of CLO notes defaulted over the last 20 years? The answer is zero. The Volcker Rule is forcing banks to divest in very safe investments. And you have to acknowledge that has a destabilizing impact on the financial stability of these institutions.    Mr. Barr. What risk is there with AAA or AA CLO notes that have never defaulted over 20 years and performed well during the financial crisis?    Mr. Barr. You don't dispute the fact that Volcker forces banks, which haven't defaulted in 20 years, to divest of AAA paper?    Mr. Barr. Let me conclude just really quickly with one other point, and that is community banks.    Community banks in my district, the bankers tell me that Dodd-Frank and the avalanche of compliance costs and red tape has really impacted their bottom line. And the numbers bear this out. The number of community banks $10 billion or below has shrunk from 7,700 in the second quarter of 2010 to only 6,300.    Meanwhile, there is consolidation in the industry. So the big banks, the SIFI banks, are larger. And too-big-to-fail is a bigger problem now because we don't have diversity and we don't have as much competition in the system.    Can you respond to that financial stability issue?    Mr. Barr. And I would encourage FSOC to look at consolidation, industry consolidation, as a problem, because it is exacerbating too-big-to-fail.    Thank you. I yield back.