    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Madam Chairman. And thank you to the panelists for being here today.    I can tell you that as a 30-plus year IT professional both in the Department of Defense and in the private sector I remain very, very concerned about the inadequacy of security and the safeguarding of consumers', hard-working taxpayers' personal private information.    Ms. De Mooy, in May of 2013 the President issued that Executive Order to establish an open data policy to make open and machine-readable data the new default for government information taking really historic steps to make government-held data more accessible to the public and to entrepreneurs while appropriately safeguarding sensitive information and rigorously protecting privacy, or so it is stated.    Let's go back for a second so that I can get this straight. Is it mandated in your opinion--it has been mandated by the government that Americans need to sign up for healthcare and that, for the most part, they will do so on the government-created website HealthCare.gov, correct?    Mr. Johnson. Okay.    Mr. Johnson. Now, once they are on HealthCare.gov, they have to give their personal information in order to sign up for their healthcare, correct?    Mr. Johnson. Okay. And with what we are learning today, the government is then helping companies through this Open Data Initiative to collect all of that personal information of the American people--on the American people, correct?    Mr. Johnson. What we have learned from the President's Executive Order and all of this open data transformation that he has done, we are learning that the government is helping these outside companies through their data mining efforts, through this Open Data Initiative to collect all of that personal information on the American people, correct?    Mr. Johnson. Well, again going back in my experience and something that Mr. Wright said a little earlier, you know, this is not rocket science. It is ones and zeros. And if they are allowing this Open Data Initiative to collect some information that is out there, I mean we have seen how many different commercial and government systems have been hacked by the bad guys already----    Mr. Johnson. --and with the security concerns that we have got about HealthCare.gov already, do you believe that the Administration is yearning for greater openness to make government-held data more accessible? Do you believe that has, whether intentionally or unintentionally, potentially compromised American citizens' privacy on HealthCare.gov?    Mr. Johnson. I am running out of time.    Mr. Wright, same question to you. Do you think that allowing this Open Data Initiative, have we potentially compromised American citizens' privacy on HealthCare.gov given what we already know about the security inadequacies of the system?    Mr. Johnson. I tend to agree with you, Mr. Wright. I respect your opinion, Ms. De Mooy, but as someone who has had to provide security to systems--in systems, I personally think we have opened the proverbial barn door and the cows are going to get out. And with that, I--my time is expired.    Mr. Johnson. Oh, my goodness, Madam Chair, you are exactly right. The people should be able to trust, but the Administration has demonstrated clearly that it is not a trustworthy system.    Mr. Johnson. Security was never designed into the system in the first place.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    I now recognize Mr. Beyer for five minutes.