    Ms. Leo. Chairman Meadows and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today on the topic of the 2015 Best Places to Work in the Federal Government.    Today, I'd like to share with you what makes NASA such a great place to work, as well as what we've learned along the way about employee engagement and using the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey result as a mechanism to continually improve NASA's work environment.    First, I have to admit that I have one of the best jobs in the world. My job is to care for and support the agency's most valuable asset, our amazing workforce, the brilliant rocket scientists, innovative engineers, dedicated support and administrative professionals, and every employee and contractor that make up the NASA family.    I work for an agency that inspires, challenges, and empowers our employees daily to carry out missions that benefit us here on Earth. I feel extremely fortunate to wake up every morning to serve NASA's employees who are truly a tremendous asset to our country and the world.    Given that NASA is strongly mission- and project-focused, our employees believe in the importance of the mission and are heavily engaged in their work. They come to work at NASA because they want to be part of something bigger, not just because it's a job.    Every NASA employee impacts the agency's mission daily, no matter his or her pay grade or area of expertise. NASA's employees consistently cite shared values, shared commitment to the mission, and loyalty to the agency as reasons why they feel positively engaged in their jobs. This sense of belonging fuels a deep sense of community at NASA, and this begins at the top. Administrator Charlie Bolden fundamentally believes that his communication is a cornerstone to connecting employees to NASA's mission, and he never misses an opportunity to tell employees that their work is important.    Because our employees feel connected to the mission and to each other, we have a very positive work culture with a high level of employee engagement. But we are not satisfied with the status quo, and we are constantly searching for better ways to work.    The health of our workforce is a top priority for NASA leadership. Our leadership pays attention to the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey data and other indicators to monitor the state of the agency and to develop strategies for continually improving employee engagement, connection, and effectiveness.    NASA believes that leaders and particularly supervisors play a unique role in creating a positive work environment for employees, so we continue to invest in a number of leadership development programs and activities across the agency from early career to executive, better designed to better equip current and future agency leaders to carry out our mission.    While our 2015 survey results were extremely positive, we observed a few areas where we can continue to improve. In particular, we are currently working to improve the experience across our geographically dispersed centers so that we can close the gap on how employees feel they are valued and recognized. We also want to continue to focus on improving in areas where we've made progress such as innovation and performance management.    Additionally, as part of the broader Federal Government community, NASA believes that we need to work together to leverage what's working across all Federal Government agencies. To that end, we are working with the Partnership for Public Service to find new and innovative ways to share promising practices across Federal agencies and to develop solutions that demonstrate how agencies can take action on those promising practices.    In summary, NASA employees raise the bar of human achievement every day. They are passionate and dedicated men and women who overcome the huge challenges of exploring space and improving life on Earth. This is a workforce that is dedicated to ushering in the future of our nation, including developing new technologies with the goal of one day landing humans on Mars. NASA's employees are building a brighter future for us all and are extremely proud to be part of the NASA family.    In my role, I am very privileged to have regular conversations with the many men and women who support and enable NASA's mission. We talk about what inspires them to show up to work every day, what commits them to stay engaged throughout their careers, and what new challenges they are up against. These people are NASA's most valuable asset and my number one priority. That is why I am proud of NASA's robust strategy to engage our workforce and create a culture of innovation. When I am asked why NASA is such a great place to work, I say it's about our people. Without them, nothing would be achieved.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to share the story of NASA's workforce. I will be pleased to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. Leo. One agency.    Ms. Leo. We're doing a plethora of missions.    Ms. Leo. Yes.    Ms. Leo. About 17,000 civil servants.    Ms. Leo. Well, thank you for the question. We are really focused on our trend, and so we want to see our trend continue to go up. And so I think--we think that if someone overtakes us because their trend goes--they increase more than ours, as long as we're still increasing and listening to the feedback of our employees, that's a good-news story because ----