    Mr. Huffman. Thank you and good afternoon, Mr. Chairman.    In terms of complexity, divisiveness, and potentially contentiousness, the issue of managing Gulf of Mexico red snapper must be second only to California water in terms of tough issues that come before this committee. So I understand what Congressman Graves is up against, and I applaud him for taking on such a politically challenging problem.    I also appreciate his willingness to come to me before the hearing to discuss his legislation and offer to work across the aisle to address concerns that I and many other Democrats on our staff have about this bill.    Based on some of the provisions in the bill, and also a very strong opposition that the recreational charter captains, commercial fishermen, seafood processors, and restaurant industry have voiced about H.R. 3094, it is clear to me this bill, in its current form, is not ready to proceed.    However, I do think an honest and open dialog makes it more likely that we could reach a bill that could be broadly supported down the road. I intend to work with Mr. Graves, if he is up for that, to see if a more careful, consensus-based approach could achieve the Magnuson Act's goal of fully rebuilding these stocks and preventing overfishing, while also addressing Mr. Graves' concern about providing more flexibility and management authority to the Gulf states.    This may seem like a hyper-regional issue. But, in fact, the red snapper debate has implications that reach far beyond the Gulf of Mexico to consumers all over the United States: anyone who enjoys wild, sustainable Gulf seafood.    Just as importantly, it raises questions about whether we should throw back the effective, scientifically sound, and regionally-based system of fisheries management established under the Magnuson Act, or keep it, and allow it to continue rebuilding fisheries like the red snapper, which have been decimated by overfishing in the past.    Some have argued that, since we recently passed legislation to permanently remove the West Coast Dungeness crab fishery from Federal management, that it is only fair to do the same for red snapper. I just want to speak directly to that, because the truth is red snapper and Dungeness crab are really apples and oranges when we talk about these management choices.    Even when you put aside the significant disparities in the stock health between these two species, fishing pressure, user conflict, the history of management, it is impossible to ignore the fact that the Tri-State Dungeness Crab Management Agreement is the result of years of negotiation that took place with all fishery stakeholders at the table.    Further, in the case of Dungeness crab, the Pacific Fishery Management Council can still step in at any point and establish a fishery management plan that would supersede the plan put forward by the states, if it elected to do so. So, there are very important distinctions between these two species and the management choices we face, and also between what has been proposed with the Tri-State Commission on Dungeness Crab and what is being proposed in the current draft of H.R. 3094.    This is a bill that was not developed with input from all fishing sectors that have an interest in red snapper. It is not supported by commercial and charter fleets, that account for more than two-thirds of red snapper harvests. These fleets, and the other tourism and seafood industry businesses that they support, depend on healthy stocks and stable, predictable management. Right now, they have both; but it is difficult to see how they would have either under a state plan that lacks safeguards to prevent overfishing, and could allow massive resource reallocation.    I believe there is a path that would lead to increased state autonomy in managing the recreational side of the red snapper fishery. I think that is possible. But the path should not be one that picks winners and losers, and stacks the deck against people who make their living on the water and who have taken significant steps toward making their fishing operations sustainable and accountable.    Instead, it ought to incorporate the views of private boat anglers, charter boat captains, commercial fishermen, seafood processors, the restaurant and tourism industries, and the conservation community. I look forward to hearing from some of those voices today; and I view this hearing as the beginning, hopefully, of a discussion on how we allow greater access to the red snapper fishery, while ensuring that this important, and still overfished, stock continues to rebuild.    I am also aware that the Gulf Council is beginning similar discussions, and is considering using its authority under the Magnuson Act to develop a regional management plan for red snapper. I hope that Mr. Risenhoover can give us an update on the status of that process, as well as other Council actions that address this issue. I thank you for the time, and yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Mr. Risenhoover, the statement we just heard that Louisiana fish are not related to populations in fishing rules that you might need to establish in Florida and other Gulfs states, is that true? Is that based on science? Do they really stay in Louisiana their whole lives?    Mr. Huffman. It has been suggested that NOAA Fisheries do not consider state science, including some of the science we have just heard about. Is that correct?    Mr. Huffman. Would you speak a little more to what your agency is doing to access more and better state-of-the-art science so you can create the best possible decisions?    Mr. Huffman. OK. Secretary Barham, you referenced a survey of charter boat fishermen in Louisiana. I just want to clarify. The question asked in that survey was only about the Federal Government transferring management for the recreational red snapper fishery. Correct?    Mr. Huffman. You did not ask whether the management of all sectors of the fishery would be appropriate under state authority. Right?    Mr. Huffman. OK. And again, that was only for Louisiana charter boat----    Mr. Huffman . Folks that you asked that question. So I think that is an important point.    Secretary Barham, there has been discussion about the West Coast Dungeness crab as a possible analog to what is being talked about here with Gulf red snapper. In that case, we had negotiations with all of the stakeholders that culminated in consensus. There were no remaining conflicts, everybody was on the same page. It took a long time to get there, and there had to be a demonstrated track record of successful Tri-State Commission management before Congress eventually allowed the permanent management under that approach.    Would you be open to committing to a process that included everybody, all the stakeholders from all the states, to try to reach that same type of consensus, as opposed to this approach?    Mr. Huffman. OK. I want to just ask you and Mr. Wiley, as well, a question. After the last hearing we had on this issue, we asked each state to submit for the record an answer to a simple question: What is the fair percentage of the recreational red snapper quota that you would want for your state under a regional management scheme? We did not hear back from most of them. We heard back from one state, but we did not hear back from Louisiana or Florida.    So, I just want to ask you here and now, since you are asking for state authority. What should the quota be for your state's recreational----    Mr. Huffman. OK. But what is your answer to the question? What is a fair percentage for the recreational harvest in your state?    Mr. Huffman. Mr. Wiley, do you have an answer?    Mr. Huffman. So you would not change much from where it currently is?    Mr. Huffman. All right.    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Huffman. He needs that, too.    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just finishing on that last point, Mr. Zales, you are right. Under Magnuson-Stevens there is that backstop of Federal authority that can kick in. But if this bill were to pass in its current form, that Federal backstop would not exist. Correct?    Mr. Huffman. That is not my reading. It would be entirely dependent on an act of this new five-party authority. So I think that is probably worth a careful look by you and all other stakeholders, and worth your consideration.    Captain Jarvis, I understand you may need to leave us soon, so I am going to focus my questions on you. We have heard a lot of complaints from Gulf states about short recreational possession seasons in Federal waters. As you know, states have been increasingly lengthening their seasons in state waters. Texas has a 365-day keeper season, Louisiana 286, Mississippi 108, and down the line.    How does state non-compliance with Federal regulations impact your business?    Mr. Huffman. All right. And just to flip that around, if states had tried to align more closely with the Federal standards, in terms of setting their season, bag limits--if they were to even go further with accountability measures, things like slot limits to protect the bigger fish so we can more quickly achieve our rebuilding goals, what would that mean for the Federal season determinations in Federal waters? Presumably, they would be longer, right, and more flexible?    Mr. Huffman. Right. And I just want to ask you about the fishing experience, because there has been a suggestion that parents cannot take their kids out to catch red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico. My sense is, first of all, in state waters that is not true. Second of all, even in Federal waters, yes, it is true, you are not going to keep those snapper unless they are within the designated season and bag limit, but you can still fish.    So, just talk to me about the fishing experience out there. Are there other types of snapper, grouper, other things that you could be fishing for, while just releasing the snapper that you may happen to catch? What is the fishing experience like, even with these restricted Federal rules in place?