    Dr. Haskins. Chairwoman Walorski, Ranking Member McGovern, Members of the Subcommittee, I am very pleased to testify----    The Chairwoman. Excuse me, can you turn your microphone on?    Dr. Haskins. I am sorry. I am very pleased to testify today. I consider it a great privilege to be able to talk about poverty and the solutions to poverty, that people can actually do something about it.    I would like to do three things: Talk about the progress we have made against poverty, or the lack of it, then I want to talk about the causes, and then I want to focus on work because it is something this Subcommittee could do something about.    So here are poverty rates for kids in female-headed families, for the elderly, and for all children. For the elderly, I think that is the pattern that we would all like to see; that there is very substantial decline after the declaration of the war on poverty, and it has continued to decline slowly, and we have the lowest poverty rate of any group and societies among elderly, and it is primarily because of Social Security. A lot of the elderly have savings that take them way above the poverty line, but Social Security hardly has supplements enough to keep the elderly out of poverty.    The chart for single-parent families, the line graph for single-parent families, is much more difficult. They have the highest poverty rate, and they have the most rapidly growing demographic group in the country because of our divorce rates and especially our non-marital birthrates. So we are taking kids out of the group, married couple families, who have a poverty rate about \1/5\ of single-parent families, and putting them into single-parent families. That contributes greatly to poverty.    And then, of course, the second reason that we have such high poverty rates is because of education. The gap in education, even the low-income families and especially black kids have increased their achievement over the years, somewhat, not greatly, but somewhat. They still have suffered a greater gap with middle-class families. So we haven't closed the gap.    And then the final cause, in addition to family composition and education, is work. Let me devote the rest of my testimony to work.    We have had one case in which work made a big difference, and it occurred about the time of welfare reform. It was not just welfare reform. I don't want to claim that. It was a very good economy, we had very good programs, and I want to focus on those programs. And I called them the work support programs. Congress passed 20, 30 pieces of legislation to change these programs so that they would be friendlier to work and address the cliff problem, and so forth.    The Chairwoman. Pardon me, Dr. Haskins----    Dr. Haskins. Yes.    The Chairwoman.--for 1 second. I apologize. To the Members that are here, you received his PowerPoint, it is right here, that he is talking about. We are not seeing it on the screen, but you do have it in front of you.    Thanks. Go ahead----    Dr. Haskins. Okay.    The Chairwoman.--Dr. Haskins.    Dr. Haskins. Do I get my 10 seconds back?    The Chairwoman. Absolutely.    Dr. Haskins. Good, thank you.    All right, so this chart shows other than Social Security for the elderly, the best strategy that we have found to reduce poverty. So what we did, if you look approximately at the middle of the chart, roughly around the mid-1990s, is that we dramatically reduced poverty among female-headed--kids in female-headed families. And the reason we did that is in part because of welfare reform. It required work and the mothers went to work. It was about a 40 percent increase in the percentage of mothers, especially never-married mothers, who were the most disadvantaged, who got jobs. But then the second part of the equation is that this work support system that I have been talking about, and that Congress--and on several occasion over the past 35, even 40 years, Earned Income Tax Credit, Additional Child Tax Credit, and so forth, and you can see by the subsequent lines that each of them, when you apply them to the family, their poverty rate comes down and down and down and down. It cuts it by more than 40 percent. So these government programs really make a big difference. I do not challenge the idea that food stamps are primarily for food, but it also makes a great contribution to increase the incentive to work in addition to serving its nutrition benefits.    So now let me say one thing about what this Committee could do. The focus of welfare reform was not in education training, it was in work. So states developed great skills, and people who could do it, help people find jobs, do a resume, some states even helped people dress better, they practiced interviews and all that. And as I said, the mothers went to work in droves, they got jobs, they made low wages, but with additional benefits they were much better off, and their kids were too. In fact, the poverty rate among black children who are disproportionately female-headed families, and among all kids in female-headed families, both reached their lowest rates ever. And today, even after two Recessions, they are still lower than they were during the early 1990s, so the system was pretty successful.    So what this Committee could do. You have wisely, with the Senate, created these ten demonstrations, because food stamps do not have strong work requirements as welfare did in the so-called TANF Program, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families. I think they need to be changed. There are lots of issues about how to change it, and you are going to learn a lot from these demonstrations. There are ten states that are trying to figure out how they can increase the work rate in food stamps. And keep in mind, look at this chart, every mom who goes to work, even in a low-wage job, it--has a great chance to get out of poverty. If she works close to full-time and has two or fewer kids, she will be out of poverty because of her work and because of the work support benefits.    Now, I want to caution about something that happened in welfare reform that is still the case today, and that is a problem, and that is that there are a lot of single moms who have a hard time both working and rearing their children. And so as a result, we have a group at the bottom, most people call it the disconnected mothers, who are probably worse-off now than they were before. If they could go on welfare and stay in welfare forever, they wouldn't be out of poverty but they would be better off than if they didn't have income from either wages or from cash.    So that is something to look out for. We want a system that is tough, that requires work, that sends a message that people have to work and then we subsidize their income, but we don't want one that is so tough that mothers who cannot work successfully and have depression or a number of other problems we can talk about if you want to, wind up without either cash income from the welfare program or in-kind, like food stamps, or from earnings.    Dr. Haskins. Okay.    The Chairwoman. I appreciate it. And thanks to all of you for your testimony.    We are going to move to the question period now. And I want to just start out by saying, in my district, in South Bend, Indiana, we just started recently with a three times a day feeding program. We had breakfast, lunch in schools. Now we are moving, in some areas in my district, to dinner as well. It is being done year-round in some of the school districts. But as we talked about today, we want to move beyond this issue of just feeding kids and saying they are going to be successful. And we want to see these kids succeed, we want to talk about the community partnerships and those kind of things that are available to make sure that kids actually have a chance to reach their American dream. To do that, as you have heard earlier, we are talking about holistic kind of approaches that we have never done before, and we have made a real effort in this Subcommittee to do that.    So I want to direct my question to Ms. Riley. Looking back on your childhood and some of the experiences that you have already shared in your testimony, can you just kind of elaborate and tell us a little bit more about the support that SNAP and school meals provided for you and your siblings, and the whole concept of being a child raised in poverty, and working your way out, but still looking back to your childhood, what did it mean, how important was the nutrition assistance you received?    Dr. Haskins. Economic mobility is a much broader problem and will require a much broader solution. And I am going to leave that aside. Poverty, I think we have made progress, yes. I have shown in the mid-1990s and even today, we have a lower poverty rate among female-headed families. And the Committee should know that we are not going to make progress against poverty unless we address where it is most frequent, and that is among female-headed families.    So this strategy of work and work support, something for both sides of the aisle, is really a good strategy. We need to expand it. We need more people on food stamps to have a job, even if it is a low-wage job, and we would make even more progress against poverty. I think the charts that I have shown you show that that is the case.    The Chairwoman. I appreciate that as well.    And then, Ms. Riley, just briefly back to you. In the time that you have been involved now as an advocate for the No Kid Hungry campaign, do you see improvements in the lives of the kids through the organization you are working for, do you see, anything positive happening? And while there is a long way to go, have you seen strides being taken that have been effective in the area that you are focused on?    Dr. Haskins. Whether there are jobs available or not is a complex question because even during a recession when unemployment rates are high, people get jobs every day. There is a lot of circulation in the economy so there are jobs available even during a recession. That means that some people are going to be out of work if there are no jobs available, so they have to look in adjoining counties and so forth.    I think it is reasonable to have some adjustment during a recession in Federal work requirements. I am not sure I would suspend them, but I would give people a longer time to find a job, for example, would be a reasonable approach. It is not unreasonable to suspend them, but that defeats the policy in the first place. There needs to be continuing pressure. People getting public benefits need to know that they have to work as much as possible, and the government will make exceptions when it seems appropriate to do so, namely during recessions or high----    Dr. Haskins. Yes, there certainly is. We have a very active child protection system, and they intervene in families all the time. We have thousands of children in foster care because their parents are not providing adequate care. And sometimes we completely terminate----    Dr. Haskins. Well, there are several answers to that question. Historically, Americans have moved to different places if they can't find jobs----    Dr. Haskins.--that is----    Ms. Plaskett.--they are so poor that they cannot get a plane to get them off of the island where this place is?    Dr. Haskins. They have relatives, they have friends, there are many people who take advantage of that, and the borrow money, they are able to move if they are really determined to move and especially if they have job experience.    Dr. Haskins. Another----    Ms. Plaskett.--decimated place that no longer has the people living there because there are no jobs there, and we don't want them to be on food stamps or school lunch programs, we would rather they borrow money from family and leave----    Dr. Haskins. No, I----    Ms. Plaskett.--than take care of the situation here?    Dr. Haskins. That is not what I am saying. I haven't said anything about cutting food stamp benefits or anything like that. In fact, I am arguing that food stamps are a crucial part of what I call the work support system, and a lot of people work because they can, not just with their own wages, which are often low, but because they get these other benefits, up to around $30,000 or so, they can make their family better off because of food stamps, Medicaid, childcare, and so forth. So the government programs that help them are essential. That is the main point of my testimony.    Dr. Haskins. Okay, one idea that has been tried in the past and has been, I would say, modestly successful is the government hires people in jobs, some people call them make-work jobs, but they don't have to be that way. They used--in the old days they were called community work experience jobs. In some places, they made a guarantee to people and say you are going to get a job, you go out and look, we are going to give you, say, 2 weeks or 3 weeks----    Dr. Haskins. But once you have income----