    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Year after year, we are told that small businesses are the catalyst for U.S. economic growth, and rightly so as they create nearly two-thirds of net new jobs and are responsible for countless innovations. A critical subset of this group is small exporters. In fact, 300,000 small businesses are sending their products across the world, and three in five nonexporting firms are now interested in following suit.    Firms that export grow faster, generate more jobs, and pay higher wages than other businesses. Clearly, in order for our economy to continue gaining steam, it will increasingly depend on global commerce to fuel expansion. Despite the advantages of trade, it remains exceedingly difficult for small businesses to enter foreign markets. By some estimates, just 5 percent of small firms in this country export their goods overseas. Even though small and medium-size businesses account for 97 percent of American exporting companies, their exports account for only one third of all U.S. goods shipped overseas.    And there are various challenges. It takes time to identify foreign markets, to target new customers, and to learn the ins and outs of the exporting process. In fact, nearly half of small exporters spent a minimum of a few months a year, as well as an average of 8.4 percent of their annual operating revenue preparing to export.    Small companies often have fewer resources to expand on developing a trade strategy or complying with complex regulations. As a result, they consistently enter fewer foreign markets than their larger counterparts, with nearly 60 percent only entering one, while more than half of large firm exports to five or four, or even more markets.    These difficulties are something we must be mindful of as we consider legislation to fast-track approval of the Transpacific Partnership. Given that details of this agreement are difficult to come by, it is challenging to say if the agreement will help or hinder small businesses. In theory, balanced free trade agreements have the potential to be a significant driver of growth. By eliminating tariffs and other barriers to trade, they can help small firms expand sales globally and create jobs at home.    In order for these benefits to be fully realized, however, we must hold our trading partners accountable for unfair trade practices and ensure that our small businesses receive the level playing field they were promised.    Truth be told, small businesses often face challenges when it comes to competing with foreign imports produced in countries with lower label standards and nonexistent environmental protections. Time and again we are told about promising markets, but little discussion is given to the low priced goods that will still enter our domestic marketplace.    Is this good for consumers? Maybe. Is it good for small businesses? Definitely not. This is something we must be mindful of as we consider legislation that will provide the president with trade promotion authority. This decision will occur against a complicated backdrop. International trade is more a conflict than ever before, dependent on dynamic global microeconomic trends, ever-changing trade policies, a variety of expert promotions and a mix of enforcement mechanisms. It is absolutely critical that small businesses are able to participate in this global marketplace, but achieving this goal should not require unfairly harming those entrepreneurs solely doing business here at home.    I would like to thank our witnesses for their testimony and for being here today. I look forward to hearing your perspective on these very complex issues.    Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is my pleasure to introduce Tim Brightbill. Mr. Brightbill is a partner in the international trade practice of Wiley Rein, where he represents guidance on all aspects of international trade law and policy, including trade remedies and export controls. As a former vice chair and current member of the Industry Trade Advisory Committee on Services and Finance Industries, he advises the U.S. government on free trade agreements and matters concerning the WTO. He is also an adjunct professor for the International Trade Law and Regulation at Georgetown University Law School. From 1994 to 1995, he served as counsel to the House Committee on Small Business. Welcome back.    Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Brightbill, do you believe that the TPP will realistically expand the number of foreign markets that American small businesses enter? Or will the nontariff and logistical barriers remain too much for them to overcome? We know that, for the most part, our small businesses trade with Mexico and Canada. But will we achieve more than that? And if not, why?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. So let us talk about the Korea-U.S. Free Trade Agreement. It was sold to us as being able to support 70,000 jobs and increase U.S. exports by $11 billion. However, since that agreement took effect in 2012, exports to Korea have increased by less than $1 billion. Meanwhile, Korean imports to the U.S. have surged more than $12 billion, resulting in a net loss of 75,000 jobs--U.S. jobs. So why is that?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Is it lack of enforcement?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. So my question is, do you expect that we are similarly being sold a false bill of goods regarding the TPP?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. I agree with you. The lack of enforcement obviously is going to produce the results that we have seen with the U.S.-Korean agreement.    I have another question, and this has been central to the whole debate, and that is, how does currency manipulation affect small businesses?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Mr. Brightbill, for the record, should Congress require that free trade agreements, including the TPP, incorporate enforceable rules regarding currency manipulation?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Mr. Bieron, as an intermediary operating in the U.S., eBay is not held liable for the unlawful actions of its users. Is this the case in foreign countries?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. How has that affected eBay's decision to enter countries that do not have such protections?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yes or no answer--do you feel that this issue should be dealt with in this pending free trade agreement?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Mr. Brightbill and Mr. Stanek, you mentioned before that we need to help, and Mr. Messenger, you also mentioned that at the beginning you got a lot of assistance from the Department of Commerce. And so some of those programs will help small businesses get the type of technical assistance that will help them take advantage of the overseas market. But when I meet with small business exporters, one area where it is challenging for them is to find affordable export financing. The Ex-Im Bank can fill the void that exists, but there is a debate going on here in terms of whether the Ex-Im Bank is providing the assistance that small businesses need. Here we are debating this massive free trade agreement that is supposed to open and provide more opportunities for small businesses, and yet when you look at the reauthorization language of the Ex-Im Bank, it does not increase the small business lending cap that was put in place years ago by 20 percent.    So Mr. Brightbill, you said that there are some areas that need to be addressed within the Ex-Im Bank. Can you mention one or two?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.