    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    General Campbell, thank you for your challenging leadership in Afghanistan.    I want to quote the 2015 National Security Strategy in saying, ``We must recognize that a smart national security strategy does not rely solely on military power. Indeed, in the long term our efforts to work with other countries to counter the ideology and the root causes of violent extremists will be more important.''    I strongly support this approach, General. However, I am also concerned that the persistence we have shown in Afghanistan and our presence there can have harmful effects on our long-term readiness.    As we draw down to a force capable of protecting our security interests in the region, how will we capitalize and re-utilize the equipment--and I know this was brought up earlier--that we currently have in-country to protect the readiness of our total force? Specifically, can you comment on retrograde efforts, as they are supported in the fiscal year 2016 budget, and what impact sequestration would have on this effort if sequestration is not repealed?    General Campbell. Thank you, ma'am. And thank you for your visit last fall, as well.    I haven't looked at the numbers for the retrograde portion for fiscal year 2016. I would tell you that we will continue to need the necessary resources, the financial piece to bring back the retrograde that we have in Afghanistan so that we can put that back into the force here. Probably 80 percent of that now is for the Army.    But the very best equipment that we have is in Afghanistan, so we need to continue to make sure we get that back, get it reset, and get that into the force.    I do think that we are on glide slope to do that. We had some concerns, you know, a year, year and a half ago, but as a vice then now as a commander on the ground, I don't have those same concerns and we will continue to get that back to the Army.    Sequestration, from a different perspective, I think will impact the readiness of all of our services. And again, that is why I think all the service chiefs, the chairmen have come out, as you know, and said that it would have a really, really bad impact if we go to sequestration--on readiness.    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you. Thank you very much, General.    And my second question is, recently the first lady of Afghanistan had said, ``Women come to me and say you have forgotten us.'' I am a strong champion of women's rights and wonder, what can we do, working with the Afghans and NATO, to ensure women's rights are respected across the country as we continue to draw down our forces? How are we encouraging or working with the Afghan government to ensure greater inclusion of women in civic society?    And a few years back I traveled with Speaker--then Speaker leader Pelosi, and we visited many of the women leaders in Afghanistan, and they were very, very concerned about the future. So can you comment on that, General?    General Campbell. Thank you, ma'am. And we work very hard, both from a coalition perspective, but also President Ghani works very hard to make sure that he looks hard at how he is working on the gender issues, and particularly the women piece here, both from a military perspective, security perspective, and getting women into the police and getting them into the army.    The money, $25 million, that Congress has approved for this, specifically pinpointed to work on these type of issues, is very, very helpful, and we are thankful of that support.    But it will take time for the police and the army--and the police are doing much better than the army, quite frankly, on integrating women into the force. But we will look very hard as we go through there. But some of the cultural differences they have make that, you know, a little bit tougher.    But I think they are both committed, from the MOI perspective, Ministry of Interior--and I will engage the minister of defense once we have new minister of defense. I have engaged the current acting and the chief of army on this, and they are always looking at ways on how they can improve.    You know, I want to say 24 percent of parliament is women. You know, I don't think we have that in our own Congress, so that is very good in Afghanistan.    So President Ghani and the first lady have really put a hard press on those throughout Afghanistan and reaching out, as well. I do have a gender advisor from my force, from Australia, actually, that focuses on a lot of different activities that are going on to see how we can do that much better. She engages with NATO and all of our NATO and partner forces, as well, to ensure we are doing everything we can to enrich this and continue to keep emphasis on it.    Ms. Bordallo. Well, thank you very much, General, for your comments. And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank the gentlelady.    Dr. Wenstrup.