    Mr. Chabot. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    As one of the founding Members of the Congressional Taiwan Caucus, I have been actively involved in all Taiwan-U.S. issues for many years now and chaired the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee as well, and I have been to Taiwan many times. That is why I am honored to have introduced House Concurrent Resolution 88, which reaffirms the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as cornerstones of U.S.-Taiwan relations.    Our relationship has been an enduring one. Taiwan is a close ally of ours, one that truly believes in and practices freedom and democracy. And the people of Taiwan proved that yet again this past January with the election of President Tsai, and I want to wish her and all the people of Taiwan the best of luck in her new role as President of Taiwan. I want to restate our support, just as this committee has for many, many years, and Congress has as well, our support of Taiwan.    As most of my colleagues are aware, Taiwan faces an unrelenting threat from China, which has nearly 1,600 ballistic missiles aimed at her. And although Taiwan enjoys--let's face it--de facto independence, China's ultimate goal is to take the island, if by force or over time. China has made no bones about this. They have been pretty open about it for a long time. Unfortunately, the Taiwan Strait remains one of the potentially most dangerous flashpoints in the world.    April 10, 2016, marked the 37th anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act, codifying into law an institutional framework and a legal basis for continued cooperation between the U.S. and Taiwan that would serve to maintain peace and stability in the western Pacific. However, when President Reagan agreed to sign the so-called U.S.-China Third Communique in 1982, he was aware of the communique's possible effect on Taiwan and recognized that Taiwan needed and deserved reassurance that the United States would be there whenever Taiwan needed us.    So to reinforce American support for Taiwan, the United States issued the Six Assurances, which are guidelines to conduct relations between the U.S. and Taiwan, and they are as valid today as they were in 1982. They rightfully function, along with the Taiwan Relations Act, as cornerstones of the U.S.-Taiwan relations.    And this is a relationship that has been a very strong one over the years. It is one of the reasons that I think it is very important that this administration reconsider the military cutbacks which have been proposed, and the fact that when Ronald Reagan was President his goal was to build up a 600-ship Navy, and we are down 250-some ships at this time.    And a lot of those ships need to be in the Pacific and particularly in and around China, which clearly has plans. It is building up its navy. It is building islands and militarizing them. It is bullying its neighbors from the Philippines to Vietnam to Taiwan, you name it.    And so it is very important for the U.S. to have the strength and for Taiwan also to continue to build up its military. The one thing that would make an armed conflict more likely is if Taiwan appears to be weak or the United States is weak. That is when there is a real danger of military action occurring. As long as Taiwan and the United States are strong, I don't think China would ever take any overt hostile military action.    But I am afraid that the message that is being sent out worldwide is that the U.S. is pulling back, and that is a message that must change. We ought to have just the opposite. The United States needs to be actively engaged around the world, particularly in the Pacific.    So I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and thank them for their support and yield back the balance of my time.