    Mr. Takano. Yeah. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I also appreciate the Subcommittee's indulgence to allow me to join today. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity.    Mr. Giudice, last week the majority passed a bill out of our Committee that would have cut--that did cut funding for ARPA-E by 50 percent. In contrast, your testimony strongly recommends increasing our support for the agency, and provides an excellent example of the critical role that ARPA-E now plays in advancing new grid-scale energy storage technologies. Can you explain why you believe that ARPA-E is such an important part of our nation's energy innovation ecosystem?    Mr. Takano. Would your company and your technology be anywhere near where it is today without the early stage investments from ARPA-E? Would it even exist?    Mr. Takano. So we see that--we know that you have a number of private investors, notable ones, and you're saying to me that the private sector could not have done this just on its own.    Mr. Takano. So--I mean in theory, it's possible that they could have--they have the capacity----    Mr. Takano. They have the capacity to do this.    Mr. Takano. But the market alone doesn't seem to be able to move us in this sort of direction. It sometimes takes leadership----    Mr. Takano. --through government-funded efforts.    Mr. Takano. I think about how geography and circumstances forced a nation like Japan to move in certain directions, and our relative geographic situation where we had abundant resources, we didn't have to think like they did, but--like they did, but I think about the way that they began to dominate the car market, the design of their cars and, you know, and the--they gained a competitive edge, and I'm worried about our Nation keeping a competitive edge in R&D and also in the ways we can bring this technology to market, or transfer that technology, transfer that knowledge.    My time is up, Mr. Chairman, and I will yield back.    Mr. Takano. Mr. Chairman, you could always give me a ride in your car.    Mr. Takano. Yeah, do you have a battery as part of your freestanding house in----    Mr. Takano. And you're completely off the grid, is that right?    Mr. Takano. Literally.    Mr. Takano. I know our Chairman is an expert himself, so I thought I'd ask him a question too.    The question for all of you if you can answer it is, really where do you see the greatest potential for targeting future federal R&D funding to support emerging markets for grid-scale batteries, how we can scale, you know, do the grid-level--I mean just how best can we target our federal dollars? And if it were me, I would try to raise the R&D levels of spending, but what more--what's--what do we need to do next? What are the next things we could do, given if you believe that there's a role for the federal government in the basic research? Go ahead, take----    Mr. Takano. Wonderful. Mr. Giudice?    Mr. Takano. And just real quickly, do any of you believe that this--getting to where we want to go can happen without federal leadership? I'll take that as a--no one believes that.    Okay, well, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Takano. Just----    Mr. Takano. Just one quick question. What about any kind of systems that might generate hydrogen or--and store hydrogen, you know, just through electrolysis? I don't know the science of it, but--and in combination with a fuel cell.    Mr. Takano. Thank you very much.