    Mr. Fitzgibbons. Thank you, Chairman Neugebauer, Ranking Member Clay, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Russ Fitzgibbons, and I am the executive vice president and chief risk officer of The Clearing House Payments Company.    As the chief risk officer, I am responsible for enterprise risk management, information security, and business continuity. I also serve, as referenced by Mr. Garcia, as the current Chair of the Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss issues that are critical to all Americans--the protection of our payment systems against cyber threats.    The Clearing House is the Nation's oldest banking association and payments company, founded in 1853, and currently owned by 26 banks. We provide payment, clearing, and settlement services to our owner banks and other financial institutions, clearing and settling nearly $2 trillion daily. The Clearing House also engages in payments technology and payments systems security advocacy.    The Clearing House operates the Clearing House Interbank Payments System, commonly referred to as CHIPS, and we are a leading participant in the Automated Clearing House, referred to as ACH, network. We are the only private-sector ACH operator in the country, processing approximately 50 percent of all commercial ACH volume in the United States through our networks.    CHIPS is the largest private-sector US-dollar funds transfer system in the world, clearing and settling an average of $1.5 trillion in payments--both domestic and cross-border--daily.    Because of the volume and importance of the financial transactions enabled by The Clearing House's systems, robust protection of these systems from cyber threats is essential. Those threats have become more frequent and more sophisticated in recent years. The criminal organizations and other groups launching these threats are constantly innovating, and we need to be at least as agile as they are in defending ourselves.    I would like to discuss some of the ways in which The Clearing House works both on its own and frequently in collaboration with other financial services firms to defend itself and its institutional customers against cyber threats.    First, like others in our sector, The Clearing House is subject to special legal and regulatory requirements such as those promulgated by the Federal financial regulatory agencies of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, the FFIEC. The Clearing House's data security practices are subject to regular examination and supervision through the FFIEC's Multi-Regional Data Processing Servicers Program, referenced as     Second, we are constantly innovating. One example of innovation for improved cyber defense is a new platform of The Clearing House which replaces account numbers with randomly generated temporary numbers during processing. With Secure Token Exchange, the customer's actual account information remains behind bank firewalls while preserving the current customer experience.    Third, we engage in training and exercises through simulations that put our cyber defense processes to the test and identify areas for improvement.    Finally, we engage in extensive information-sharing by actively engaging with the FS-ISAC, its member organizations, and our government partners. Truly effective cybersecurity will also require increased efforts by the Federal Government to defend the financial sector against threats often originating overseas, and above all, more effective collaboration between the private sector and the government.    My written statement details some of the additional components of our information-sharing efforts. However, I would like to mention a couple of them.    Through FS-ISAC and the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation, the sector recently deployed a more effective platform for real-time automated sharing of cyber threat information called Soltra Edge. Utilization and integration of Soltra Edge across the sector's infrastructure is expected to scale significantly over the next few years.    We also coordinate closely with the National Infrastructure Coordinating Center, the Department of Homeland Security's Operation Center that maintains awareness of critical infrastructure for the Federal Government. We participate actively in the Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council, and we also work closely with the Treasury Department's office for critical infrastructure, protection and compliance, and its cyber intelligence group.    While the financial services sector has made considerable strides in its sharing with the sector and with our government partners, there are still areas for improvement. Companies in the financial sector share information quite extensively with the government. We have lots of opportunity to improve our ability to support our cyber first responders, defend critical infrastructure, and protect our stakeholders.    To that end, the Administration has issued two Executive Orders designed to improve sharing from the government to the private sector, and there have been resulting improvements. But we think more work could be done with the analysis of threat information, and government agencies need to continue to increase prioritization and allocation of resources for declassification of information that pertains to network defense.    I would also add that we believe Congress has an important role to play in promoting greater and more effective cybersecurity information-sharing. We support two bills that have passed the House, and we support the information-sharing legislation that is moving through the Senate. And we would urge you to move as quickly as possible to get those bills to the President's desk.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Fitzgibbons. Sure. So I will start, great. The benefit of Soltra Edge actually recognizes the fact that while it is widely accepted that information-sharing is the right thing to do, sharing that information when done effectively creates a ton of information--extraordinary amounts of information. And what was recognized is that the recipients, through the FS-ISAC, for example, who would get this--these threat indicators, it was a lot of work to try and get it into their systems and so forth.    We recognized that to really be effective, we needed to automate that stream, and we needed to create a machine-readable language. We needed to create standards by which that information would actually transit from the FS-ISAC onto or through the Soltra system onto the various firms that participate.    So what actually happens is that all the members who have come across threat indicators will put them into the system using the appropriate standards and so forth. And then by joining that system and participating in it, you will be the recipient of that information so you can protect yourselves using information that the whole community has actually uncovered about threats that are actually emanating. And then you can update your detection systems automatically, and that is really the benefit of it all, to take this opportunity to take something that is created by many and then share it out to everyone else quickly and effectively in a machine-readable form that can be updated to systems.    Mr. Fitzgibbons. One of the things I would mention--I agree very much with Mr. Healey, but one of the things that is really a benefit of--gets to the small and medium institutions of an institution such as FS-ISAC that it does take advantage of the resources, the experiences, and so forth of a firm such as, I heard reference to JPMorgan.    When you go into the ISAC, that is where those threat indicators are shared. And then when you go into some of the other forms where tactics and techniques are discussed, as well so using a form such as the ISAC, actually allows us to take those lessons learned and those resources available at some of the larger firms and get it out to the smaller and the medium banks and so forth.    And that is why the partnership with a membership in the ISAC is so important and why we have seen it growing as well; everybody is trying to avail themselves of that.    Mr. Fitzgibbons. One thing I would add is there is an important point here, and that is really regardless of the threat, and those threats that you have referenced are certainly recognized, the defenses against it often are very, very similar. And they come down to some very, very basic fundamentals.    Mr. Healey referenced phishing attacks and so forth. That still is probably the single-most prevalent form of attack against institutions. So regardless of where that attack is emanating from--the training, the education, and the discipline around infrastructure and security, et cetera is really the best way to ensure that regardless of the threats that we are protecting ourselves to the greatest extent.    Mr. Fitzgibbons. I would agree to a point, okay. I think when you look at the nature of the attacks and what is possible and what is potential, we tend to look at things as what is going to be the extreme, what is the worst, worst possible scenario.    So while I might agree, kind of conceptually or theoretically, that that is maybe not likely, you have to prepare regardless. So when we are actually doing our analysis and also with our regulatory authorities, they are actually asking us, how would you recover from that extreme event they referred to as extreme yet plausible. So while I agree with the concept, we prepare for the catastrophic attack.    Mr. Fitzgibbons. Congressman, if I could just add one of the things that the increasing number of attacks certainly is important. But as we increase our defenses and can kind of recognize an attack and stop it, that is great. It is really the sophistication of the attacks and using the examples such as the phishing attack.    One of the things that we have seen whether it be nation-state or whether it be criminal is these attacks are very, very well structured. They obviously have information or they have information that suggests they understand your infrastructure. They understand your processes.    So your employees, your staff will be getting an email that you actually expected. You have heard that there was an upgrade to your email system and you are hearing from the systems administrator that, oh, in order to actually successfully move you across, we need to do this. And that is really the challenging part, because we can stop something that we know about and send it 100 times while stopping 100 times.    But when they find those backdoors and those side doors that take advantage of people's understanding of how their own company works, that is where it gets physically challenging.    Mr. Fitzgibbons. Congressman, that is a terrific question. And one of the challenges, one of the discussions we will often hear is these are crimes without consequence. It is a great business case, do a cyber attack and what is the chance of getting caught.    I think that is a bit unfair because when we speak with law enforcement, they are working very hard to try and get at these folks. I think--    Mr. Fitzgibbons. There are indictments that are actually being passed against the people who are actually outside our borders. And when those opportunities present themselves, apprehension is actually taking place. I think one of the things that we enjoy is when we do have these opportunities to speak with law enforcement to hear more about what they are trying to do.    Having said that, we want to see more from the private sector. We do want to see more consequence. We do want to see more prosecution. We do want to see more people being held accountable, but we recognize they are somewhat complex given the happening outside our borders and it is not easy to do, but the dialogue between ourselves and law enforcement is very good in terms of, we have a common objective.    Mr. Fitzgibbons. Maybe I will take a shot at that, Congressman. I think when we see innovation in the payment space such as Apple Pay and those other things, from a payment system perspective, we welcome innovation. A lot of this innovation is really being driven by just those threats themselves, taking account numbers and personal identifiable information out of the mix.    But having said that, the adversaries are very, very quick to adopt to different things so they will look for weaknesses in that and we need to remain ever vigilant that we actually are going after them.    One thing I would mention there is that in the payment systems there is a huge amount of regulation and understandably so. When we look at some of these other service providers and we are talking about something as important as cybersecurity, are they subject to the same regulations? So that is something that needs to keep pace for the reasons that you were just referencing.    Mr. Fitzgibbons. One thing I would add to Mr. Garcia's statement is it was very interesting that when we were reaching out recognizing this cross-sector requirement, we can't just be an island into ourselves. We often enjoy this reputation of being kind of out in front and so forth. But again, to your point, the other sectors, we are all dependent upon each other. So when we were actually reaching out to the electric sector, they were literally picking up the phone to call us as well.    And I think that really does speak to how very broadly these threats are actually being taken by all the critical infrastructure. So I think there is a good news for you in that.    Mr. Fitzgibbons. Congressman, thanks. It is an interesting question. Many of the regulations that the larger firms have to deal with actually require a significantly accelerated recovery time. So it is almost as if the bigger the bank, the faster you can actually recover. A lot of that is driven by regulatory requirements. A lot of that is driven by the sophistication and the investment they make in a lot of technology. So significantly, systematically important, financial institutions actually recover very, very quickly from outages.    The small and the medium-sized institutions may not have that regulatory mandated requirement. Having said that, the way that technology is shared, the way the technology evolves and so forth, recovery out of various critical systems and so forth, be it the payment system or DDA system--    Mr. Fitzgibbons. I think when you talk about attacks on the financial system or financial institutions and then the impact on the family, there is impact. So it could very well be. It is--they are trying to make a payment, a bill pay or whatever it may actually be, and that actually gets disrupted. So they can actually feel that particular impact.    Coming back to the point about safe, having said that and recognizing there is the potential for attacks and potentially successful attacks, that doesn't mean that the system is unsafe. I think we need to keep it safe. I believe it is safe. I believe we need to make it safer. I believe that when we see a threat or there is a threat or an attack against a particular thing, what is important is how quickly we react to that, how quickly we isolate it and move forward.    Mr. Fitzgibbons. So when--to talk information-sharing because often it is referenced as a way to share threat information, threat indicators and so forth to allow us to protect ourselves.    In that forum, and I can tell you from our strengths, when we are sharing threat indicator, we do not share personally identifiable information. That is not really what we are talking about. We are talking about information-sharing.    Mr. Fitzgibbons. That is a terrific point, Congressman. Actually, I appreciate the opportunity to provide that clarity. Oftentimes, when you are dealing with these issues, you are speaking in terms that are kind of understood. But it is important to understand that when we talk about information-sharing as it relates to the threats, it is not PII, it is about IP addresses or different bits of code that you should be on the lookout for in your particular systems.    When there is an attack, what actually happens is PII will be very, very deliberately stripped out so that there is no sharing of that information--that specific information. So we are talking about threat indicators, not personal information.