    Mr. WALDRON. Chairman Hanna, Ranking Member Takai, and members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to address the effect of GSA's proposed transactional data reporting rule on small businesses.    The Coalition for Government Procurement is pleased that the Subcommittee is focusing on the role of GSA's multiple awards schedule program and promoting strategic acquisition and opportunities for small business concerns.    The Coalition is an association of small, medium, and large firms selling commercial services and products to the federal government. Our members hold contracts under the multiple awards schedule program, ITG WAC, and major individual agency contracts.    The multiple award schedule program is one of the most successful government-wide contracting programs available, with over 30 percent of the dollar volume of purchases going to small business concerns. Our members support the program as a valuable entre into the federal market, but they are increasingly concerned with GSA initiatives that increase the cost of contracting without corresponding value to customers and the American people.    One such initiative is GSA's proposed rule requiring that contractors collect and report transactional data on all sales made through GSA schedules and ITG WAC contracts. Coalition members oppose this rule for several reasons.    First, the reporting and compliance burden imposed upon contractors will be enormous. GSA estimates this burden will be six hours for initial setup and 31 minutes thereafter to administer. A survey of our members indicated that the actual burden greatly exceeds that amount. Respondents to the survey overwhelmingly said that their existing systems do not currently collect the data points GSA is seeking. In order to implement transactional data reporting on a monthly basis, systems would need to be built, or existing systems would have to be customized to collect, consolidate, and report the information to GSA.    Small business respondents to the survey reported that it would take on average 230 hours for initial startup time. Large and medium-size companies estimated that it would take on average 1,190 hours to implement.    The monthly administrative compliance cost also greatly exceeds GSA's estimate of 31 minutes. Small businesses reported that it would take 38 hours per month on average to administer the new requirement. Large and medium-size businesses estimated that it would take on average 81 hours per month.    The actual burden of the proposed rule is significant and cannot be absorbed without raising prices under multiple award schedule contracts, resulting in increased prices and costs for GSA customers. Moreover, and most fundamentally, this is data the government already has in in its possession.    It is GSA's position that the rules compliance cost is offset by changes to the price reduction clause. The price reduction clause is one of the most costly provisions of MES contracts, and our members would welcome a real change. The coalition has long taken the position that the clause should be eliminated as it has outlived its usefulness in ensuring that awarded contract prices remain fair and reasonable throughout the contract term.    GSA confirms this view in the proposed rule by noting that only three percent of price reductions result from application of the tracking customer provision of the price reduction clause. Our written testimony addresses this matter in detail, and we note that the changes to the price reduction clause proposed by GSA are cosmetic and do not change the legal liabilities or the burden on contractors. Continuous competition at the taskor as required by the Federal Acquisition Regulation, assures that prices remain reasonable and eliminates the need for the costly and competitive price reduction clause.    Second, the proposed rule does not achieve the objective of providing GSA contracting officers information to negotiate fair and reasonable prices. The federal acquisition regulation provides that when conducting a price analysis using prior prices, the prior price must be a valid basis for comparison. If there has been a significant time lapse between the last acquisition and the present one, if the terms and conditions of the acquisition are significantly different, or if the reasonableness of the prior price is uncertain, then the prior price may not be a valid basis for a comparison.    In other words, the data has to be sufficient for a contracting officer to make an apples to apples comparison. The task order data to be collected is simply not comparable to contract-level pricing. And I might add, there are over 7,500 different varieties of apples.    Finally, a system that seeks to drive down pricing through constant comparison of individual and hypothetical transactions leads to a downward spiral in pricing that is inconsistent with the dynamics of the commercial marketplace and is not sustainable by industry over the long term. Such an approach will have a significant cost as it will compromise the government's long-term strategic interests in fostering competition, ensuring best value mission support, supporting small business, and accessing priceless commercial innovation.    I want to thank you for your time, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. WALDRON. I think----    Mr. WALDRON. What do I say after that, right?    Well, you know, I mean, I think from GSA's perspective, and I cannot really speak for them, they are searching for what they believe and implementing what they believe will drive lower prices. I think that is a huge focus of the leadership is driving lower pricing on their contract vehicles. And as the other panelists here have indicated and you have mentioned as well, you know, best value in that context with regard to procurement is vital to meeting customer needs. And I think many of these things, whether it is the demand-based model, it is data reporting, they also have brand part number reporting requirements now and UPC code reporting requirements that despite conversations with GSA about the costs imposed by those, they are driving to a lower price model.    And in doing so, I do not know if it is counterintuitive or contradictory because to get to where they want to go, they are increasing costs for contractors. They are increasing--this rule is a prime example of that. It is being asked as part of--there is a new initiative, too, the competitive pricing initiative that is going on where GSA is not doing its own independent evaluation of the information with regard to horizontal pricing; they are shooting it over the transom to the contractor and asking the contractors to do the analysis to try to explain why their price is not as low as some other company's price, and there is issues whether it is unauthorized resellers. You know, there are gray market items. There are all kinds of other issues that GSA should be looking at as well. And the increased complexity to try to drive to this lower priced model fundamentally is making it harder for companies to compete. They are increasing in complexity. Our members would like to see a focus on streamlining the process; emphasizing competition at the task order level; investing in the electronic systems, whether it is GSA Advantage or eBuy to make it more efficient, more effective, more transparent. That would provide more opportunities for small businesses across GSA's program.    And fundamentally, what we are seeing at the end of the day--I like to put it in these terms. When you are performing at a government contract, there are two types of costs. There is a direct cost of performance that is actually accomplishing the task or delivering the product that the government wants. Then there is overhead cost, which is all the administrative costs of compliance with government unique requirements. In the context of the GSA Schedules program, that overhead cost is becoming a larger and larger piece of the pie, and that is not value-added to the government or the American people. And the direct cost, the actual performance, is getting smaller. And that is not a recipe for best value in the long run. So at the same time you are seeing a drive to lower prices, you are seeing increased complexity to try to get to those lower prices and it just does not work together.    Mr. WALDRON. I think that is a fair description of much of what is with regard to the GSA Schedules program in particular.    Mr. WALDRON. Well, our members, for example, the Transactional Data Reporting Survey that we did, our members indicated clearly that it would significantly increase their costs of doing business with GSA and, and we had over 10 percent, about 11 percent of our members, we did not ask this question, but they indicated that they would seriously consider leaving the GSA market as a result. They volunteered that information. That was not a question we asked in our survey. That they would seriously consider leaving the GSA market if this rule went through.    Mr. WALDRON. Our members at the Coalition for Government Procurement, we conducted a survey and I think that is one of the biggest areas--it is the biggest area of disconnect between government and industry on this particular rule, the burden itself. And the burden goes to creating barriers to entry in the federal marketplace, the GSA. The burden goes to increasing costs for the taxpayer and for customer agencies who use GSA. Looking at it, we have addressed it in our written testimony. But at the end of the day, based on our estimates and our feedback from our members, and we conducted a survey where we were going to try to use GSA's language that they used in the rule, in their formula to come up with the numbers based on feedback from our members, it would cost over $800 million just to implement this rule across the GSA Schedules program. And at the same time, GSA estimated $24 million. And at the same time, GSA indicated in the rule that it would be too costly for the government or for it to adjust its systems.    I believe, if I recall, we were talking in the tens of millions of dollars, and what they failed to, I think, appreciate, or to their credit, having a public meeting and asking comment on it, they failed to understand or appreciate the hundreds of millions of dollars that it will cost industry who participate in the GSA Schedules program to comply.    Mr. WALDRON. Yes. I do not know if it is the irony of the situation or not, is that GSA is going to have to spend money to build systems in any event. Because of the avalanche of data that they would be receiving under this rule, they are going to have to build systems. So why do they not take a look internally and see what is most efficient for them, for the government to try to figure out to manage its own data. Because they are going to have to build systems. We are talking, when you talk about monthly reporting across the GSA Schedules program, you are talking of hundreds of thousands of transactions, millions and millions of data elements to be reported, accessed, collected. They are going to have to build their own systems as well.    Just a couple other points. With regard to the access, the question was great about, you know, with recent events, security of the confidential information, you know, there is even another area, and GSA did not--I think the public meeting that was held on the rule, they gained an appreciation of the level of concern across industry with regard to this issue, and even in that context they have contractors supporting their effort. And there have been questions that I have received of what are the restrictions on those contractors with regard to use of the information that they are already getting that may be commercially proprietary information from other companies.    And lastly, just a thought on the question about whether people would have to leave, you know, if they are told lower your price, we get reports regularly of companies being asked to either lower their price or remove the item from the contract. And the GSA leadership is taking the position that that is not, and they have, to their credit, have said that is not the goal here from their perspective, but at the working level and the operational level, contracting officers almost daily are asking companies to either lower their price because they found a lower price on a horizontal comparison. If you do not lower that price, you need to delete the item from the contract.    Mr. WALDRON. I would say it is misguided. I think it is not good procurement policy because in this issue, you get into the relative terms and conditions, and is somebody an authorized reseller; are they not an authorized reseller? Is it a gray market product; is it not? These are things--due diligent things that GSA needs to be looking at.    And ultimately, really what we all want for our customer agencies and for the American people is a fair and reasonable price, a good price to be paid. And it seems like GSA is focusing so much on the contract level price at this level. When the price is paid is at the task order level, which is the level below competition under the contracts. And the focus is more on this rather than let us get the best, you know, a good price and a best value solution at the task order level. And that is where, from our membership's perspective, the focus needs to be. How do you enhance, streamline, and embrace competition at the task order level so that the American people, customer agencies get best value products and solutions--commercial best products and solutions.    Mr. WALDRON. I think it is fair to say that a lot more thought needs to go into the current approach. Our members oppose this rule. We think GSA should start over from scratch and look internally. Our written testimony includes several different recommendations. I will point to one. GSA conducting its own internal pilot of collecting its own information or other information of other agencies and seeing how--first of all, what data elements are really important? And much of what is being collected ignores the best value context or the nexus of it and terms and conditions that drive price. And most fundamentally, you are talking about transactional price, that task order pricing that is subject to competition. And to the extent they are using it to compare to contract pricing, as I said earlier in the testimony and we make clear in our written testimony, that is apples and, I do not know, watermelons. It is such a complete difference in terms of the terms and conditions. And that focus it seems to me does not get to the important thing--how do you get a better deal and a good business deal for both sides at the task order level? Because ultimately that is what leads to better government and better performance on behalf of the American people.