    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you both for being here today.    Mr. Scheeler, the report stresses that you conducted an independent review although you were paid by the Pebble Partnership to write the report, but I've learned of a recent transaction that raises some questions about the association between your law firm, DLA Piper, and Northern Dynasty, the parent company of Pebble Limited Partnership. I'd like to put up a slide, if I may.    This slide here, slide one, shows that on October 28th, nearly 9 million shares of Northern Dynasty stock worth more than $2.7 million were transferred to a British Columbia company listed by its business number 1047208 BC Limited. Slide two, please.    Actually, is it slide two or slide three? Well, this slide clearly identifies Stewart Morrow listed as the contact for the business 1047208 as a DLA Piper partner. Last slide, please.    This slide shows that the address this numbered company provided on a British Columbia Securities Commission form is the same exact address and suite number as DLA Piper's Vancouver office.    Now, Mr. Scheeler, I don't know the background or specifics about this transaction but I do believe the mere fact that a DLA Piper partner was involved in a significant business transaction involving the parent company of the Pebble Partnership less than 6 weeks before you and Secretary Cohen released your independent review of the EPA's actions regarding Northern Dynasty's proposed Pebble Mine in Bristol Bay does raise serious conflicts of interest and questions about the independence of your report.    Were you aware of this transaction before the release of the Cohen Report?    Mr. Takano. Well, it would seem to me before issuing a report of this importance to maintain the aura of its independence so there's no even appearance, there's no appearance of even a conflict, that law firms of your size would conduct, you know, a check, a conflict check of some kind. I realize big firms, the left hand may not know what the right hand is doing but still, I think it's--I think an independent, objective observer would see that a law firm that's taken on quite a bit of an acquisition here of stock in a company, I mean, it would raise in that person's mind the idea of this report being so independent.    Mr. Takano. Just finally, if you would please follow up and get back to the Committee to let us know of any other DLA attorneys that may have had involvement that DLA attorneys might have had with Northern Dynasty or the Pebble Partnership during the time you were working on the Cohen Report, the Cohen Report's independent review of the EPA actions in Bristol Bay. I mean, it would be helpful if--you probably did that thorough review of any involvement of your partners or the company.    Mr. Takano. Thank you.