    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I am very happy to join in today's examination of the challenges veterans face as they translate skills and training they have received in the military to their best advantage in the civilian workforce.    I appreciate the witnesses appearing here today from the various sectors most involved in this process. The chairman and I are both committed to eliminating unnecessary barriers to veterans' employment, and I look forward to learning how we can improve current policies to ensure that veterans' military experience and training effectively translates into meaningful civilian employment.    In examining this issue, it is crucial that civilian industries recognize and need the certifications that our veterans are pursuing. I am concerned about the lack of legitimate third-party accreditation of most licenses and credentials, and I worry that, without clear standards, veterans may be pursuing certifications that don't lead to jobs.    In particular, I am extremely troubled by the fact that many veterans are chipping away at their valuable post-9/11 GI Bill entitlement, a month at a time, in order to pay for licensing or credentialing tests, especially if those certifications don't lead to meaningful careers.    I look forward to your testimony about how we can improve our current policy of charging veterans 1 month of post-9/11 GI Bill entitlement per licensing or credentialing test. Surely, there is a better way to pay for these tests than to remove 1 full month per test from the veteran's 36-month entitlement. I am looking into a legislative solution, and I hope Chairman Wenstrup will also be interested in considering ways to fix this particular problem.    We have got a lot to get through here today, and so I just want to say welcome. Welcome back, everybody. And thank you again for being here and answering our questions. And I look forward to the testimony from all of you here today.    I yield back.    Mr. Takano. Thank you.    I recognize that need for that coordination among the three entities you just mentioned.    Do any of you see a potential in the area of licensing and credentialing for the kind of predatory marketing that has often gone on in the for-profit sector in higher education? If so, what can we as Federal policymakers do now to protect veterans and the integrity of Federal programs designed to help them transition into meaningful civilian employment?    Mr. Takano. Dr. Swift.    Mr. Swift. And around that competency, I would like to talk about the triad, that you can't just talk about competencies. First of all, are they validated competencies?    Mr. Takano. Right.    Mr. Swift. Have they been validated by industry or the appropriate organization that is looking into this?    And, thirdly, what is the quality of the assessment? Because we may get the competencies right, but, as Mr. Merisotis was saying, if we don't have the correct assessments, we will never know whether learning took place or not.    So one of the weak links--and this is true of certifications too; if the exam doesn't discriminate--we don't know whether learning takes place if our assessment instruments aren't strong enough to discriminate between those who know and those who don't know.    Mr. Takano. Well, thank you.    Mr. Gonzalez, as I understand it, the post-9/11 GI Bill recipients use an entire month's worth of entitlement for a certification or licensing fee, whether or not that--excuse me, I am looking at the--they use an entire--or licensing fee does not apply to Montgomery GI Bill recipients. Their entitlement is reduced proportionally.    Why do we take so much more away from post-9/11 GI Bill recipients? I am comparing the two different programs. Is it just easier for the VA to do recordkeeping?    Mr. Takano. Great.    Well, since the VA is not here, can you describe for us the supposedly stringent criteria VA uses to approve credentials for the GI Bill?    Mr. Takano. So the American taxpayer could indeed be paying for these tests and credentials, which really don't result in anything.    Mr. Takano. Thank you.    And, Mr. Chairman, I really thank you for the time and the subject matter you have brought before us. We have a lot of work I plan to do and work with your office on this in the days to come.    Mr. Takano. Thank you.    Mr. Takano. Mr. DiGiovanni, in your testimony, you talk about how partnerships with community colleges can help student veterans bridge their military experience to obtain civilian licenses and credentials. How can community colleges improve outcomes for new student veterans? And is there any way we can better incentivize the best practices in this particular area?    Mr. Takano. You cite paramedics as an example, but have they tried other lines of vocations at all?    Mr. Takano. Mr. Quam, what are States doing to conduct meaningful gap analysis of their credentialing requirements against military training requirements? I think you mentioned nursing as one example.    Mr. Takano. I would agree that you have to look at the key occupations. Nursing is one of those areas where there is an independent third-party validation, setting the credential at least, right?    Mr. Takano. But, let me ask you this question: I mean, you talk about the State's role. I respect the State-Federal distinction. I come from local government as well. But say you have a strong credentialing body, such as nursing, or physician assistants, do the States really retain the autonomy to be able to talk about scope and also set the number of years, say, it takes to be an RN? Or is it really the National Association that is doing that?    Mr. Takano. I would love to be able to engage with you off-line. I have some further questions about how all this works, especially with nursing, physicians' assistants. The military may require less, but some reason they go into the civilian world they have to do more. Is it really necessary or are there other factors going on here. My time is up. But it's a topic that I would like to explore further with you.    Mr. Takano. Thank you.