    Mr. Welch. Thanks very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thanks for that flight, by the way. After the committee is over let's get those things revved up.    Thanks so much for coming in. One of the things that we had recently was an incredible natural disaster in Vermont--tropical storm Irene, nearly a billion dollars worth of damage. A lot of folks stranded.    And it just seems--I'm sorry, I missed some of the hearing but it seems obvious that drones could be very useful in an emergency situation getting some information that's really relevant to first responders to families.    I'll start with you, Mr. Walden, if you want to comment on how you see drones as being a useful tool in the wake of catastrophic events.    Mr. Welch. OK. Professor, how do I say--Villanor? No, no, I'd like to do it right.    Mr. Welch. Villasenor. Thank you.    Professor Villasenor, are there any legal impediments to being able to exploit the drone technology in the situation of the catastrophic----    Mr. Welch. All right. Is that something that would--I guess we can talk about that after. Thank you.    In addition a lot of folks like the recreational use of drones but they can be, as you pointed out, I think, benefits to consumers in many contexts such as real estate surveying, property maintenance, farming, insurance claims management. The drones could minimize potentially the time and cost for consumers and businesses in all of those sectors.    Has any one of you studied the economic benefit of drones to consumers? Mr. Wynne.    Mr. Welch. Thank you. I've got one more minute so thank you very much for that. I thought I'd ask Professor Kaminski a question.    There is great commercial and consumer interest in drones. That interest has surged. There's a number of questions that have come up about what the limits are, what the regulations need to be.    Do you have any opinion as to whether it makes sense for the GAO to study current and potential commercial benefits of drones?    Mr. Welch. I thank you all. I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and yield back.