    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you to the witnesses for being here. It has been a year and a half since our subcommittee last held a FirstNet oversight hearing, and progress has been made. I think that there are--we have a lot of questions. Obviously, since we haven't been together for a year and a half for--to do the oversight that needs to be done. But--and we look forward to--I look forward to asking those questions, and I am sure that my colleagues do as well.    Now, in terms of progress, I think amongst the biggest milestones include the release of a strategic road map, ongoing collaboration with States, and most recently the draft request for proposals intended to provide FirstNet with extensive stakeholder input. And that is--in my book, that is one of the--that is really key. You have to talk to customers. You are not in touch with customers, your company or endeavor is going to flop, in my view.    So, thanks to the success of the recently completed    AWS-3 auction, FirstNet will soon have the funds it needs to deliver on the first-ever nationwide interoperable public safety network. And I remind everyone that this was the one recommendation of the 9/11 Commission that the Congress had not made good on, but we did for the American people. So a lot rides on this effort. A lot rides on this effort, and we got the money for you, and did the legislation. It became law, and we want to make sure that this is not only done, but done very well, because it is a very big deal. It is a big deal for our country.    Going forward, I think there are three key areas which FirstNet's leadership should give special consideration to. First, I think it is critical that wireless carriers of all sizes have an opportunity to partner with FirstNet, just be an equal opportunity outfit, in my view. In particular, regional and/or rural providers will have an important role to play, both in building the network, as well as being able to provide consumers with enhanced wireless broadband service when the network is not needed by emergency personnel.    Second, device competition is critical to the success of FirstNet. $5,000 public safety radios are out, o-u-t, so there is--I don't even--I don't want to hear about them anymore. As far as I am concerned, they don't exist, and I don't think any of the dollars that are being provided should go to anything like that. That is yesterday. What is in? Highly innovative broadband enabled devices that can transmit live video from a robot sent to, for example, to assess a suspicious package, view floor plans of a burning building, access medical history of a patient in distress, as well as the wide range of other mobile applications. In other words, you have to be just as 21st century as the rest of the--of this ecosystem is in our country. These devices have to be truly interoperable, and capable of withstanding the physical challenges that first responders face very day.    And finally, I think that FirstNet should ensure its core operations align with the standards and the technologies related to next generation 911. Congressman Shimkus has been, you know, a great, great advocate, a coach here of the e-911 caucus. We have been working on these issues for more years than we want to count, and so there has to be alignment with that operation. The call centers around the country are upgrading to NG-911, and they are becoming capable of receiving photos, and videos, and text messages, so it only makes sense that this information can be seamlessly transmitted to first responders headed to an emergency situation. So the--your operations have to be absolutely aligned.    So as we work toward advancing the next generation of public safety communications, I want to thank you for the work that you have already done, for what you are going to do, and for being here today to testify and give us a good deep dive on where things are, and how you see the future. Thank you, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Before I begin my questions, I would just like to acknowledge the uniformed first responders that are in the audience with us here today. We salute you, we thank you for your service, and I will never forget how you were really the backbone of the effort moving the legislation through, so thank you for being here, and for everything that you do for our whole country. Thank you.    Mr. Kennedy, circling back to the GAO, what prompted the review? Is this something that is----    Ms. Eshoo. The IG review, yes.    Ms. Eshoo. It is a routine--um-hum.    Ms. Eshoo. Good. OK. Well, we will have to make--avail ourselves to the report, and become familiar with it. We have had enormous struggles with interoperability in the radio space, and I want to make sure that the same thing doesn't happen again between FirstNet and NG-911. So can you tell us what FirstNet is doing to ensure that we don't have a standards mismatch between the LTE network built by FirstNet and our NG-911 systems built by States and localities?    Ms. Eshoo. It does. Uh-huh, yes, the law does.    Ms. Eshoo. Good.    Ms. Eshoo. Um-hum.    Ms. Eshoo. Good. That is excellent. Mr. Davis, thank you for the work that you are doing. You gave quite an extensive report in your testimony. Thank you very much. I mean, it represents a ton of work, as my kids would say. How, in your view, do you think the whole issue of interoperability between FirstNet, the States, the NG-911 systems, is working?    Ms. Eshoo. Um-hum.    Ms. Eshoo. Um-hum. Beyond what you just shared, do you think that the atmospherics have become--I don't know what other word to use. I mean, there were tensions in the beginning, and the--on the part of some, a reluctance to be a part of this effort. Can you tell us anything about how that has improved, in your view? Do you think that it has?    Ms. Eshoo. Good.    Ms. Eshoo. That is wonderful.    Ms. Eshoo. That is so important.    Ms. Eshoo. Um-hum.    Ms. Eshoo. And is there a comfort level to advise the Board as to how--if there are ways to improve that, do you feel comfortable saying so, or others?    Ms. Eshoo. Um-hum.    Ms. Eshoo. Um-hm.    Ms. Eshoo. Um-hum.    Ms. Eshoo. Great. Thank you very much. Yield back, Mr. Chairman.