    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Madam Secretary for being here. And thanks for coming out to Washington State recently. We loved having you.    I wanted to follow up on some of the points that Ms. Herrera Beutler had brought up, specifically with regard to NOAA. NOAA obviously pays a big role in our salmon recovery efforts and the Marine Fisheries Services has an obligation to ensure that programs comply with the Endangered Species Act. And one of the ways in which it does that is through the Hatchery and Genetic Management Plans. And without approval of those I am concerned that the hatchery managers are subject to significant risk of litigation which could potentially have very severe implications for our recovery efforts, for federal tribal trust obligations, and for the $9 billion West Coast Fishery. So I have heard a number of concerns from stakeholder about concerns that NMFS lacks the work force that it needs to process these plans in a timely manner and I wanted to get a sense from you what steps is NMFS taking to address the issue?    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. It is certainly a big area of concern in our area.    I also wanted to ask about the International Trade Administration. The President's budget calls for a $6 million increase in funding to the Interagency Trade Enforcement Center, a multiagency effort to address unfair trade practices and barriers the impede U.S. exports. So how has that Interagency Trade Enforcement Center affected the administration's ability to identify and challenge unfair trade practices? And how will that funding increase affect the ability of American made goods and services to remain competitive internationally?    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. You touched on, with my time remaining, you touched on IT issues. There are a number of members of Congress, myself among them, who are very interested in IT procurement reform. Your department and a lot of departments are significant purchasers of technology. But I think there is concern about whether there is adequate coordination between bureaus on what is procured. And so your department and other departments often will purchase products that they already own, or do not benefit from economies of scale, lack interoperability among products. So are there any internal initiatives that you can share with us that would eliminate some of the redundancy in IT programs and ensure, you know, a more coordinated and standard based approach to IT procurement?    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. And I yield back. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Dr. Sullivan.    I do want to talk about salmon, but I want to start on coastal resiliency issues. I represent a district with a whole ton of coastline and, as a consequence, we are challenged by everything from storms to tsunamis to you name it. And in fact I have got three tribes in our district that are in the process of trying to move to higher ground because of persistent challenges.    In fiscal year 2015, NOAA received an additional $5 million to expand its regional coastal resilience grants programs. And I just want to get a sense of, one, do you have a sense of when the details of that funding opportunity are going to be made public? And to what extent will the state coastal zone management programs be engaged as part of that effort?    And then in addition, it seems like a lot of the funding is primarily targeted at capacity building and planning. Are we doing enough to actually provide resources on the ground to these communities, you know, that currently lack the capacity to actually address if there is going to be a massive storm or a tsunami or whatnot?    And then I will just also throw in while I am asking you questions, how do you see that work being done through this proposal complementing the existing resiliency work being done by the Integrated Ocean Observing System and the Sea Grant Programs?    Mr. Kilmer. You bet.    Mr. Kilmer. I want to make sure to ask about some of the salmon recovery efforts and I know Ms. Herrera Beutler will also be chiming in on this.    I wanted to raise two concerns, one about the $3 million cut to the salmon management activities account and the targeted Mitchell Act hatcheries in particular. I think if you talk to folks on the ground in our neck of the woods they would disagree with the assessment that that level of funding would enable to meet NOAA's obligation. And I do not understand and perhaps you can speak to it, how do we actually improve our hatcheries and ensure species recovery when we are moving backwards in terms of funding?    And then in addition, when Secretary Pritzker spoke in front of the committee, I asked her about the ongoing challenges facing our hatcheries, which need approved Hatchery Genetic Management Plans, HGMPs, to ensure compliance under the Endangered Species Act. And she said that they were increasing staff from two to six. And I certainly appreciate that, but we have got a backlog of a hundred HGMPs that have been submitted for review and approval. We have already seen some hatcheries that are operating without sufficient HGMPs be subject to litigation and even get shut down. And that affects our tribes and it affects the recovery efforts and it affects our fisheries.    So how long does it take to review and approve one individual HGMP and is there any estimate to how long it is going to take with six staff to complete this backlog?    Mr. Kilmer. It is a really big deal.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I will just echo Mr. Serrano's enthusiasm for the NASA Explorer Schools. We have got one in my district and it was certainly one of the highlights.    I had a question regarding small satellites. That is one of the fastest growing segments of the space industry, high relevance for science and national security and commercial industry. And NASA has really helped advance development and demonstration of technologies in all sorts of arenas, whether it be communications, navigation, propulsion, power, science instrument capabilities. So how do we expand and accelerate those types of cost-effective investments and how do we ensure that NASA's program is taking full advantage of investments that are also being made by industry and by the Defense Department?    General Bolden. We collaborate with the Defense Department, the NRO, industry, academia and everybody in trying to promote the use of small satellites and a specific type of small satellite called CubeSat. We work with our international partners. There is now a private entity, and I just drew a blank on what the name of the company is, that provides the program that gets CubeSats to the International Space Station for distribution or for deployment from the Japanese Experiment Module. We have the CubeSat deployment mechanism on the Japanese Experiment Module and it is the only one that has an airlock. So they can actually bring the deployer inside, load it up with CubeSats, put it back out and then deploy them. So it is a program that we really push.    The Ames Research Center out in Mountain View, California tends to be the center of effort for CubeSat development in small sats for a number of reasons. They are in the heart of Silicon Valley and so they have a way of getting not just American students, but students all over the world interested in this. I just came back from a trip to South America and in the four countries I visited one of the things that we could talk about with them in trying to expand the number of international what we call non-traditional partners was the use of CubeSats, teaching students to use CubeSat to do very basic things, and it allows them to become partners.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. You mentioned the space station, I wanted to ask about that program. To some degree, it can be viewed as too big to fail. What recourse does NASA have if commercial crew contractors are unable to meet the 2017 milestone of sending astronauts to the space station from American soil or if program funds are exhausted?    General Bolden. Nothing is too big to fail, in my estimation. However, there are some things that are critical for the success of keeping America number one in space, the International Space Station is one of those. It is a very unique facility, it is a one-of-a-kind facility, it is a mini United Nations, and it is a place where we do technology development and human research. It is critical, I don't even want to think about what happens if the Russians decide that they want to change the way they operate with us. That is what makes it so critical that we receive full funding for Commercial Crew so that we can guarantee that it is not NASA, not the U.S. Government, not money that kept American industry from delivering. I have faith in American industry, I always have. I talked about, when we put a plan together, work it with them and say we can do something, we do it on time and on cost.    I have no reason to believe that SpaceX and Boeing will not be able to bring in their programs in 2017 as they have planned. They have given us milestones, they get paid for milestones. Those are firm fixed-price contracts, so we know that it will not overrun, because any additional money over and above what they think it is going to cost the company has to fund. So you would have to find Boeing or SpaceX deciding that it is no longer fiscally viable for the company, the corporation, for them not to deliver.    Mr. Kilmer. Thanks. I see I am near time up. So I will submit some other questions for the record and thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. That is the key, right?    General Bolden. And that was the point I tried to make, Congressman Fattah, was industry is going to perform as long as the government does not renege on its promise to pay. We promised that we would pay them $6.2 billion combined and, unless we renege on that, then I think Boeing and SpaceX will deliver.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks for being with us. Last year Congress established a national policy under the U.S.-Israel Strategic Partnership Act to pursue opportunities to deepen the relationship between the U.S. and Israel. And I understand the NSF is currently pursuing some collaborative research between researchers and engineers in our two countries. I am supportive of that and I would like to see that level of activity expanded. Does the NSF plan to continue supporting collaborative research between, within academic research between the U.S. and Israel and plan on expanding the breadth and depth of support for additional research between our two nations?    Mr. Kilmer. Thanks.    Mr. Kilmer. I want to go to a different part of the world. As the Arctic is becoming more and more navigable its importance to our national security also rises in importance. You know, I understand that NSF is making some investments to study the Arctic, such as Sikuliaq, the Arctic Observing Network. What are the NSF's plans for enhancing funding to the Geosciences Directorate to utilize that infrastructure investment and how does NSF plan to respond to the need for enhanced arctic research and effective infrastructure utilization within Geo?    Mr. Kilmer. One final question. Can you give me an update on the status of how the cables and sensors of the Ocean Observation Initiative are operating, and what the long term operation and maintenance plans are for the Ocean Observing Initiative within the NSF?    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.