    Mr. SHARKEY. Good afternoon. My name is John Sharkey. I am a retired NASA aerospace engineer. I used to work with Kirk several years back. Now I am an owner of a small business here in Palmdale, Sharkey Technology Group. It is basically a machine shop right now.    I have two comments. One would be a small area, but it is specific, that you might be able to help with, and that is on the ITAR restrictions. In order for us to compete on a lot of the jobs, we have to have something called the DDTC registration. It costs $3,000 for a small company. I think it is the same fee that you have.    There ought to be some mechanism for small companies like us--we are a million bucks a year--or waive the fee so we can get into the program and start getting some of the contracts. If we do not get, say, $50,000 back in business, it is kind of lost money for us.    When I talked to the State Department about waiving those fees, they say, talk to your congressman, so I thought I would bring that up.    Mr. SHARKEY. We make shafts, housings, you know, small components. I do not know why that is considered a munition or defense article, but they do, or at least the State Department says it is so.    Mr. SHARKEY. It is complicated.    Mr. KNIGHT.--problems that come.    Mr. SHARKEY. It is complicated. It is hard for a small business because there is a lot of overhead that goes with it. But just getting into the door and getting through that DDTC registration thing, that would be helpful.    Mr. SHARKEY. I understand ITAR because when I was with Northrop Grumman and with NASA, I went through the whole indoctrination, and so I understand that part of it. But for a small company, it is on the other side. In fact, I thought it would be easier going from government, the primes, to being a small business owner. It is tough especially right now in today's market. It is really tough. In fact, one thing that hit us really hard was the sequestration budget cuts in this area here. It really put a damper on the businesses here.    Another problem that we had recently was with the HubZone. We have the HubZone, actually a pretty good one, here in Palmdale in Antelope Valley. We incentivize our employees to move into HubZone areas so we could qualify. We went through the process. About a year and a half into the approval process we were strongly advised to withdraw our application or they were going to kind of stonewall it forever and make sure we never got it through.    I never quite understood what was behind it other than there was some complication on our profit sharing plan. They viewed it as an employee stock ownership plan. I could not get over that hurdle, and I know it is not.    Mr. SHARKEY. Basically I took my government retirement plan, my thrift savings plan, and used that to buy a business. They called that an employee stock ownership plan, which it is not. But because of that, every employee in our company had to be a U.S. citizen in the HubZone.    I had to provide a lot of information on every employee whereas you only really have to provide information on 33 percent of your employees to be qualified. That went on for like a year and a half, and then they said, no, you better pull it out or you are never going to get through. We have been incentivizing employees for more than 2 years to live in the HubZone, but it has not paid out yet.    Then the third thing I would like to bring up is on the machine shop side of things. We are a tier 5 contractor. You are a tier 1. Tier 2.    We are tier 5, so Boeing and Honeywell, Parker Hannifin, Stork Aerospace, S-4. We are the parts. We are down at the part level, tier 5. A lot of the business in that the tier 4, tier 5, they go overseas to get all their stuff, so we are really competing with Mexican shops, Indonesian shops, for DOD work. To me, it is really hard for us to compete. We have to compete with a part that maybe takes us 10 bucks a part to make and they are going to do it for 2 bucks for a U.S. job. It is really hard to understand.    A lot of those companies, they are doing the reshoring or they are bringing it back onshore, but they still want the same rate that they got before because they have the contract before. But it is very difficult for us to compete with that kind of sourcing.    Mr. SHARKEY. On the HubZone thing?    Mr. SHARKEY. I can send you a letter or something?    Mr. SHARKEY. Okay.    Mr. SHARKEY. Somebody told you about me in advance. No, you are right about that. Thank you for your time.    Mr. SHARKEY. I believe it is in the definition, and maybe it was published in the Commerce Business Daily or somewhere. It is the definition.