    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you Mr. Chairman. I think this is a good hearing, and with a serious testimony, and I appreciate all of the witnesses. Mr. Lilly, we knew you for so many years here when you worked on the Hill, and we thank you for your service here. And now that you are outside, I am wondering, I thought I saw that--well, let me ask you. What percentage of the mandatory spending on entitlement programs is for other than Medicare, Social Security, or Medicaid? What is the percent? Do you know that?    Ms. Lofgren. At home, people, you know, the veterans and others talk about it as an earned benefits program, not an entitlement program. I suppose we could argue about that. But as I was thinking about those benefits that people have paid into, either with their service in the military or through paying into Social Security, what would happen if those were subject to annual appropriations?    And I remember the government shutdown we had here; it was a very depressing time on--here in the capital and in the country. And one of the things that was important was that Medicare recipients and Social Security recipients did not have their benefits cut off. You know, we are not the most functional institution right now. If we had another government shutdown, and we had annual appropriations for these earned benefit programs, would they just simply be cut off?    Ms. Lofgren. You know, just a final comment. I hope that there is general agreement--and I have heard that from both sides of the aisle--that we need to be doing more for the young people of this country. I very much feel that that is true. But I am also mindful that these Social Security programs, number one, the large number of survivors' benefits are children of people who have died, and that is an essential safety net for that group.    But that also, at least where I come from, if grandma is in poverty, it is not grandma's problem by herself. I mean the whole family is going to have to scramble together. So to think that there is just an old person versus her daughter and her grandchildren is not correct, because the whole family is in this together. And if grandma is without any resources, everybody else in the family is going to have to come up with a way to keep grandma safe, sound, housed, fed, and the like. At least that is the way it is in where I come from.    Ms. Lofgren. I see my time has expired. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.