    Mr. Lucas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And perhaps for a moment before we get into a lot of the details, considering the 80th anniversary of the founding of the NRCS's predecessor not many days ago, the 30th anniversary of CRP, we almost need to take a victory lap here, consider the progress and the great accomplishments of your predecessors out there, gentleman, over the course of the last 80 years. And, for that matter, our predecessors here. In my region of the country, in the last 4\1/2\, 5 weeks have had 22" of rain. I average 24-28" a year on the farm where I live. In 2011, we had 14" for the entire year. It came at the wrong time of the year. And for the first time in my memory or the memory of any senior members of my community, we actually had substantial amounts of native grasses in the pastures die from dry freezes in the wintertime. We have bounced back and forth through these weather patterns. And in this last calendar year, another 14" of rain.    The fact that we could go 5 years in the Southwest region of the country, where the Chairman and I are from, through those kind of conditions and not have the most amazing dust storms, not have the most amazing environmental collapse is an amazing compliment to the work of your predecessors and to the work of our predecessors on this Committee, absolutely amazing. And then to have Mother Nature change course and drop 22" of rain where I live in 4-5 weeks and not have massive flooding, massive loss of human life, massive degrading of the environment, the wildlife up and down those streams is a statement once again about the work of all of our predecessors. The upstream flood control programs, the rehab programs, all of those things. So in the very cynical world that we live in, it is worth acknowledging for just a moment we have done some good stuff together here in the course of 80 years. And it gives us a tremendous foundation to build forward.    The Ranking Member alluded to the CRP situation. And he is exactly right. CRP, in its earlier reincarnation, was a creation, was the Soil Bank of the 1950s, a response to the price issues facing production agriculture. An acknowledgment that the programs from that period back to the AAA Act of 1933 had not always been cost effective or effective in providing relief. The Soil Bank, at least from the perspective of my predecessors in the early 1960s came to an end because it began the dramatic depopulation of the southern plains. You put your farm in the program, you sold your equipment, you moved to wherever the kids lived. We re-encountered that in the 1985 program. But that said, the effect that it has had on the environment, on the wildlife, on a variety of things across the country is without measure. At the time, the Ranking Member and I in this Committee worked to put the 2014 Agricultural Act together, we had $7 corn for much of that period. CRP, being a voluntary program, 7 million acres approximately, we predicted, would come out. And under the Budget Act of 1974, which I am not as impressed with as I have been impressed with all our conservation actions of the last 80 years, we were compelled to reduce the number of authorized acres to reflect what the market decisions were being made in order to preserve that revenue stream to be able to do the farm bill, as the Ranking Member well knows. We don't have $7 corn anymore. We have amazing weather patterns around the country.    At some point, as a Committee, we have to reassess our CRP situation. Wouldn't you agree, Mr. Ranking Member? We have to reassess that. But that said, we have a vehicle that is both good for the farm economy generally and good for wildlife generally that we can work with. And that is the legacy of the 2014 Agricultural Act. It has built off the good work for generations. If I get a little wound up, understand that I come from and live in that region on the east side of the Rockies, in the southern part of the plains, it was so miserably horrible in the 1930s, thanks to Mother Nature and thanks to, in many cases, bad policy decisions. That same area that went through the drought of the 1950s, that same area that went through the horrible economic bust of the 1980s. Once again, many bad policy decisions. I just encourage all of us at this hearing to think not only about the circumstances now, but 5, 10, 20, 25 years down the road, to build off of the work that has been laid for us, to make sure that by accident or intention, we never have another 1930s or 1950s or 1980s. That is our responsibility. Again, gentlemen, thank you for your good work. And, Mr. Director, everything that you can do when it comes to the issue of the AD-1026s that Chairman Thompson referenced. We, as Members who spend a lot of time at home, may be about to discover that a lot of farmers perhaps didn't pay quite as close attention to their mail as they should have. And we will have to address that when the time comes. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. I am now pleased to recognize the full Committee Ranking Member, Mr. Peterson, for 5 minutes.