    Mr. Upton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And let me just respond to my friend, Ms. Capps. I look forward to working with you and your staff and we are continuing to do that.    Pipeline safety is something that I take very seriously. And it has long been a priority for me as well as this committee. Spills, as we know, can be very disastrous and it is imperative that our laws stay up to date and work to minimize potential damage as well as try to prevent them from happening in the first place.    In the wake of the serious oil spill that affected the Kalamazoo River, just outside of my district, I worked on a strong bipartisan basis with my friend, John Dingell, in conjunction with our friends on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to enact the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011. While the legislation's name might be hard to remember, its positive effects are not. This bipartisan bill, law, helps prevent pipeline failures, strengthens safety standards, and holds those responsible for pipeline accidents accountable.    We cannot achieve the intended objectives of the Pipeline Safety Act until it has been fully implemented. The hearing last July revealed that PHMSA has failed to implement many of the mandates required by the law under the Pipeline Safety Act of 2011. Today, over 4 years after enactment, at least 16 important safety regulations remain overdue. Rulemakings related to leak detection and emergency shutoff valves, public education and awareness, accident and incident notification are among some of the mandates PHMSA has failed to implement which would greatly improve pipeline safety.    The discussion draft before us today, Pipeline Safety Act of 2016, is a starting point in reauthorizing the 2011 law. The draft seeks to increase regulatory transparency, speed the completion of overdue safety regs, tighten standards for underground natural gas storage facilities and underwater oil pipelines and reauthorizes PHMSA's pipeline safety programs. Taken together, I believe that the provisions included within the draft will go a long way towards improving pipeline safety, increasing the public confidence in our nation's energy infrastructure.    And as we learned when examining the Kalamazoo spill, we needed to do a lot better job to improve pipeline safety. I think that we have made some progress with this draft and the draft bill is certainly an important step forward.    One of the things that I initiated is a new provision requiring annual inspections that are fully transparent for some deep water crossings of existing pipelines. That is, in fact, Section 12 of the discussion draft would require annual inspections for deep underwater pipelines. A change in the law would mean that lines that cross under the Straits of Mackinac between the Upper and Lower Peninsula of Michigan would be required to be inspected every year, rather than every 5 years and those results made public.    Though I may not be able to stay for the entire hearing this morning, I would appreciate your comments, maybe even in your opening statement, as to the support, hopeful support, of that provision as part of this bill.    Feedback provided by our witnesses today will place us on a path towards enacting a bipartisan and meaningful reauthorization bill. I look forward to continuing with working with our colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, as well as our colleagues in the Senate, to get this bill done. And I yield back the balance of my time.