    Mr. Wilson. Ladies and gentlemen, I call this hearing of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee to order. I am pleased to welcome everyone here today for the hearing on the fiscal year 2016 budget request for information technology programs for the Department of Defense .    Information technology systems are critical enablers for our military, enhancing the performance of individuals and units by connecting people and weapon systems together in ways that make them more effective than the sum of their parts. As we look at the budget request, and as the witnesses describe their relevant portions, I would like to ask each of you to address the following questions.    What systems are we investing in? How do these systems enhance the Department of Defense's ability to execute its missions, carry out business operations, and generally improve our ability to conduct warfighting operations? How do we prevent duplication between the services and agencies to make sure that the programs we pursue are deployed on time, on budget, and with the performance capabilities we originally planned?    Today we have invited a panel of dedicated public servants to answer these questions. Our witnesses are, first, the Honorable Terry Halvorsen, acting Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense; Lieutenant General Robert S. Ferrell, Chief Information Officer/G-6 of the United States Army; Lieutenant General William J. Bender, Chief of Information Dominance and Chief Information Officer of the United States Air Force; Dr. John Zangardi, the acting Department of Navy Chief Information Officer, Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Information Operations and Space--quite a title; Brigadier General Kevin J. Nally, Director of Command, Control, Communications and Computers (C4), the Chief Information Officer of the Marine Corps.    We also know that the Navy would like to submit additional testimony for the record for Vice Admiral Ted Branch, the Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Information Dominance, who was unable to join us today.    If there are no objections, we will include that in the record.    Mr. Wilson. I would like to turn now to my friend, Mr. James Langevin of Rhode Island, the ranking member, for any comments he would like to make.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Langevin.    Before we begin I would like to remind the witnesses that your written statements will be submitted for the record. So we ask that you summarize your comments to 5 minutes or less. And additionally that will apply to the members of the subcommittee.    And as questions are asked we will be limited to 5 minutes based on time of arrival and on either side. And we have a person who is above reproach. Kevin Gates, who will be keeping the time.    And so we will proceed at this time. And we will begin with Mr. Halvorsen and proceed to the right.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Halvorsen.    General Ferrell.    General Ferrell. Thank you, Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Langevin, and the other distinguished members of the committee for inviting me to testify today on the Army's network and information technology progress and requirements.    The network and information technology are integral to everything the Army does. Our soldiers and unit training, and mission execution from combat to stability and support to peacekeeping and building, and even the other daily business operations all rely on the network and our information technology systems.    To drive to make the Army more leaner, more agile, and more expeditionary means the network needs to be even more essential. This in turn makes the network and information technology a top modernization priorities for the Army.    We must upgrade our network. In its current state the network remains open to too many threats. However, our future common architecture will enable a secure, joint global network that will provide essential services to our leaders and soldiers, Active, Guard, and Reserve.    Our current network does not have the capacity or capability to do these things. We need sustained funding to upgrade our network.    For the network to do everything that the Army needs, it must have a specific set of characteristics: worldwide reach, guaranteed availability, interoperability with our joint and mission partners, and the ability to accommodate all demands we place on it in a stringent security.    The Army is aggressively implementing capabilities necessary to make this robust network a reality, while also converging multiple disparate networks into a single network.    I recently put in place a comprehensive network campaign plan for the Army. I would like to give you just a brief snapshot of what we are doing to empower soldiers, commanders, and decision makers.    The Army is expanding network capacity and creating an architecture that will allow future growth. Multiple initiatives are under way to strengthen the network security. As a proponent of the Joint Information Environment, the Army has partnered with the Air Force and the Defense Information Systems Agency to implement the Joint Regional Security Stacks, which will reduce the cyber attack surface.    Increasingly effective and efficient network monitoring, management, and defense will address critical operational gaps and mitigate evolving threats. Our initial Joint Regional Security Stack site at Joint Base San Antonio is up and operating.    The Army is also putting considerable effort into development and retention of a highly skilled civilian and military information technology workforce.    Joint cloud computing will have a broad impact on the Army operations. It will enable reliable access to data, application, and services, regardless of the location and the device used. Cloud computing will also allow the Army to introduce innovative capabilities more quickly, and to better focus limited resources on meeting evolving missions' needs.    The initiatives I just mentioned are taking place at the enterprise level, but they all feed directly into enabling the tactical force. The tactical forces we rely on to carry out the National Security Strategy.    Most notably, they provide the foundation for expeditionary mission command, whose success depends on the efficient transition from home station to the deployed theater. Providing soldiers and decision makers a modernized network will require sustained investments, particularly during the modernization cycle that runs through fiscal year 2021.    Additionally, the committee has asked about the impact of sequestration. Sequestration will slow network modernization. In fiscal year 2016 the Army will have to reduce spending on the network services and information assurance by almost $400 million. This cut would impact every aspect of daily Army operations to include training and network security, which could degrade readiness and/or mission execution.    I thank this committee for the opportunity to appear today. The Army and I are grateful for your interest in the network and the information technology needs. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Wilson. General, thank you very much. And I particularly appreciate your efforts for network modernization. As an Army veteran myself who was trained on SINCGARS , you have come a long way.    General Bender.    General Bender. Good afternoon, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. I am Lieutenant General Bill Bender, the United States Air Force Chief Information Officer.    In the first 5 months in this position, I have decided to act upon my responsibilities by focusing upon four major lines of effort: enhancing the service's cybersecurity efforts; advancing the Joint Information Environment; developing the IT and cyber workforce by transforming career field development; and finally, operationalizing chief information officer authorities in a way that adds greater value to headquarters Air Force.    My lines of effort are relevant to the myriad of ongoing IT and cyber-related initiatives within the Air Force, and play a critical role in assuring the United States Air Force can accomplish its mission successfully.    First it is important to note cyberspace is an operational domain. It affords us a wider range of operational opportunities, and conversely it exposes us to vulnerabilities and threats that place the Air Force's five core missions, air and space superiority, ISR , rapid global mobility, global strike, and command and control, at risk.    Cybersecurity is at the forefront of my priorities for IT within the Air Force. We must understand and confront the reality that the vulnerabilities we face in cyberspace jeopardize our wartime capabilities, including our aircraft, space, and other weapons systems.    Therefore I have convened under the direction of the Air Force chief of staff a cyber task force with the straightforward objectives of diagnosing the full extent of the cyber threat, developing an enterprise level risk management strategy, informing a better understanding of our priorities for investments.    The momentum toward cybersecurity drives one of my other lines of effort, ensuring the Air Force is a full partner in achieving the Joint Information Environment with the DOD and the other services. We fully understand the imperative to move forward this environment with respect to both operational capability and efficiencies to be gained.    My third line of effort addresses the need to completely transform our IT and cyberspace workforce. It is imperative that we recruit, train, and retain those with the necessary skills to meet IT and cyberspace challenges of the 21st century.    With respect to IT and cyber budgets, the Air Force is partnering with DOD and Air Force acquisition leaders to streamline our acquisition processes. Our Information Technology Governance Executive Board aligns our IT investments and acquisition efforts to the Air Force corporate process.    Additionally remain actively engaged with Air Force Space Command, which is the Air Force's lead major command, with responsibility for the IT and cyber portfolios. Together we are doing what we can to strengthen the investment reviews and requirements management processes.    My office manages the IT Capital Planning and Investment Control process, and leads coordinated and regimented reviews of major investments that are mandated as Exhibit 300s. These reviews will provide greater accuracy on a daily basis, significantly aid the Air Force IT budget and Federal Information Technology Dashboard reporting process, and enable a process to validate IT requirements and follow our investments.    The lines of effort I have outlined today, if executed well, will deliver the appropriate policies, personnel, capabilities, and resources needed to assure Air Force missions against a determined adversary. I thank you for the opportunity to address the subcommittee, and I also thank you for your interest in these critically important issues. And I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much, General.    Dr. Zangardi.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much, doctor.    And now we proceed to General Nally.    General Nally. Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Langevin, distinguished members of the committee.    First and foremost I would like to start off my oral statement by stating my number one priority is now and has been for the past 5 years, people, which includes marines and our civilians supporting marines, and are providing support to our forward-deployed forces, which includes marines and sailors. It is my number one priority.    Today, as always, your Marine Corps is committed to remaining the Nation's force in readiness, a force truly capable of responding to a crisis anywhere around the globe at a moment's notice. As we gather here today, 32,000 marines are forward-deployed around the world, promoting peace, protecting our Nation's interests, and securing our defense.    We have marines currently conducting security cooperation activities in 29 countries across the globe and continue to make a difference. All these marines remain trained, well-equipped, and at the highest state of readiness.    Information technology is a key enabler to the Marine Corps being able to fight and win our Nation's battles. As we align our information technology with our Commandants' Planning Guidance and Expeditionary Force 21, we take the approach from the furthest deployed marine and move back to the Pentagon.    This approach, fighting hole to flagpole, allows us to best understand our command and control, and information demands, and to build our networks and programs to support the Marine Corps broad range of missions.    As we look to the future, Expeditionary Force 21 is our corps capstone concept that will increase our enduring presence around the globe. We employ tailored, regionally oriented forces that can rapidly respond to emergencies and crises.    Having the capability to rapidly deploy command and control packages provides a fully joint capable force that can operate as part of a more integrated naval force to better fight and win complex conflicts throughout the littorals.    A key tenet to support Expeditionary Force 21 is the Marine Corps moving towards a single network, the Marine Corps Enterprise Network. The Marine Corps Enterprise Network unification plan provides the Marine Corps path to the Joint Information Environment, or JIE.    We are unifying multiple networks to ensure effective use of our resources, and more importantly to allow reliable access to information for all our forces. Information assurance remains a key component of our Marine Corps Enterprise Network. We have established the Marine Corps Cyber Range to enable the development and testing of information systems, support cyberspace training, and conduct operational planning and realistic exercise support.    Finally, our workforce, the marines and civilian marines who operate and defend the network 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, are our most critical asset. This workforce enables the Commandant's Planning Guidance and Expeditionary 21, and most importantly, supports those deployed marines in accomplishing their mission.    I want to thank the chairman and the committee for the opportunity to appear here today to discuss Marine Corps information technology matters. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, General Nally. And as you cited, 32,000 Marines in 29 countries around the world.    Actually, Congresswoman Stefanik and myself last week saw firsthand at embassies throughout the Middle East and Central Asia the extraordinary young marines providing security. And it would make any and every American very proud. So thank you very much for your service.    General Nally. Thank you.    Mr. Wilson. As we proceed, and we will be on the 5 minutes for each of us, including myself.    And so first of all, with General Ferrell, because the civilian part of the workforce is so integral when it comes to information technology and cyber, what are we doing to better manage that part of the workforce?    In your testimony you have made some recommendations. Can you please elaborate on some of the things that you would recommend as we should be doing? Do any of the others on the panel have any other and additional recommendations?    General Ferrell.    General Ferrell. Congressman, thank you for that question. The Army is doing an awful lot to increase the capacity, both on our cyber workforce and as well as in our IT workforce.    We have over 11,000 civilian IT workforce that we currently have on the books. And we are implementing a holistic strategy to transform information technology and the cyber workforce, from recruiting to training to training critical parts of the information technology.    From a recruiting side of the house, we have an extensive outreach program that is aligned with STEM into the high school from K-12, as well as putting on demonstrations to encourage--technical demonstration to encourage the high school students to pursue a career in the STEM world.    We also have the opportunity where we have an internship program where we take high school students as well as college students, about 50 annually a year, and then include them as part of the Presidential Management Fellows. We have about currently three that are on hand working with the Army.    So again, we have the STEM program, outreach with the K-12. And we also have an internship program that we work with the high school students as well as the college students.    On the retaining side of the house, we are also exploring additional incentive pay to promote retention and remain competitive with the industry partner.    And the last piece that--on the training side of the house, the technical programs that we have in place is both from the military side that we offer to advance more technology in the cyber world as well as intel world. And we will offer some civilian opportunities as well. These are some of the programs that we have within the Army.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much.    Does anyone else have any to add? Dr. Zangardi.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much.    And the next question for me, General Nally, each of you have talked about the personnel challenges related to finding, hiring, and training information technology professionals, both military and civilian. I would like to hear your thoughts on a couple of points. One is leveraging commercial certifications or commercial training.    General Nally. Thank you, sir. We don't have a problem recruiting and retaining if we are talking to the military first for entry-level Marines. Whether they are enlisted or officers, the training is conducted out at Twentynine Palms, California, at our Marine Corps communications and electronic schools.    The cyber network operators, they actually at the entry-level first formal school, upon graduation they actually receive commercial certifications in four various commercial companies equal to what they would offer for certifications. For example, Microsoft, they depart the school and they have commercial Microsoft certifications.    As they progress in their careers if they decide to stay in they receive additional certifications, i.e., through Cisco, VMware, NetApp are a few of the companies. And all that training is conducted in Twentynine Palms. So we have a formal working relationship with those companies where they actually receive those company certifications.    For civilians I have a budget to train and educate the civilian IT cyber workforce so we ensure that they receive the training, education, and certifications that they require for the appropriate billets that they hold.    Mr. Wilson. Well, I would like to congratulate you because I would have thought our retention would be very difficult in the 9.7 to 5.1, doctor. That is incredible because you are dealing with such talented people. Thank you all for your extraordinary efforts to maintain your personnel.    Mr. Langevin.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Langevin.    We now proceed to Congressman Rich Nugent, of Florida.    Mr. Wilson. Here, here.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much, Sheriff Nugent.    We now proceed to Congressman Jim Cooper, of Tennessee.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Congressman Cooper.    We will now proceed to Congresswoman Elise Stefanik of New York.    Mr. Wilson. And thank you very much for your terrific questions. We appreciate that, and Mr. Langevin.    At this time I would like to again thank each of our witnesses for being here today.    I want to thank the subcommittee members for their participation. And then, of course, Kevin Gates has just been extraordinary sitting here quietly maintaining time.    And for each of you, thank you for your service. It is so important for our country.    We are now adjourned.