    Mr. Neiweem. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee, on behalf of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America and our nearly 400,000 members and supporters, thank you for the opportunity to share our views with you at today's hearing examining higher education opportunities for the newest generation of veterans.    IAVA is proud to have played a leading role in the fight for the Post-9/11 GI Bill helping to build a united front among veterans' organizations and a bipartisan consensus in Congress. Today preserving and defending this critical benefit remains a top priority for our organization and our members.    There are three overarching themes rolled into the topic of this hearing that stand out in the feedback we have received from IAVA members from across the country.    First, our members' feedback on the Post-9/11 GI Bill has been overwhelmingly positive. Recent survey data indicated that more than half of those surveyed or their dependents have used the Post-9/11 GI Bill and a majority reported a good or excellent experience in using the benefit.    However, more than one-third of those that have used the Post-9/11 GI Bill reported being impacted by late payments. In fact, many respondents reported delays with more than three payments. Student veterans often rely heavily or entirely on their education benefits to support themselves and even one missed or late payment can have a detrimental impact on their ability to focus on their academics.    To the VA's credit, nearly half of those who receive late payments did believe that VA assisted in quickly resolving their issues. It is encouraging to see VA stepping in quickly to fix errors and address these issues as they surface. However, late payments continue to occur and it is critical that VA take corrective action to eliminate these occurrences altogether.    IAVA's Rapid Response Referral Program or triple RP frequently assists Post-9/11 veterans who are experiencing issues such as these and we will continue to assist veterans and the VA as well in any way that we can. We appreciate VA's work in this area, but insist the department achieve consistent and timely delivery on this earned benefit.    Secondly, turning to on-campus support programs, it is important to recognize that servicemembers and veterans are among the most driven, disciplined, and motivated individuals, but transitioning from active-duty military to a college campus can be disorienting and frustrating, especially for those who have recently returned from one or more combat deployments.    Many colleges across the country have already created and maintain successful student veteran support operations. Rutgers University, for example, has five staff members solely dedicated to serving student vets. This staff supports the more than 1,000 veterans in the Rutgers system which has showed high academic retention rates.    The programs at colleges around the country we hear work the best typically share some common characteristics. One such feature of successful models incorporate the veteran peer-to-peer outreach support approach. Veteran alumni or student veteran leaders creating social networks often result in strong academic bonds among the student veteran cohort and support meaningful long-term connections that help them succeed in the future.    Congress, the private sector, and nonprofit organizations should continue to invest in promoting on-campus support programs for veterans attending college given that these programs have the potential to greatly increase veterans' chances for success both academically and in the workforce after graduation.    And, lastly, the VA complaint system. This system was developed to allow student veterans receiving GI Bill benefits to submit feedback or complaints in the event that they felt their school wasn't representing their best interest or they had a problem and that it did not comply with the principles of excellence required by President Obama's Executive Order 13607.    The system is currently structured so that VA receives a complaint through an automated intake mechanism. It then notifies both the school and the student that the complaint has been received. At that point, the VA acts as a sort of middle man until the complaint is or the issue is resolved.    Although the intake process is automated, the rest of the process is lax and inefficient. When a notification of a complaint is issued to a school, corrective action often takes weeks or months to resolve even common issues. Schools can generate wholly insufficient responses and then classify those responses as resolutions.    To sum up the scenario here, Mr. Chairman, there are currently more than 1,000 backlog complaints and the schools are driving the process. IAVA recommends that two actions occur to correct this.    The first is automate the entire process from front to back. The complaints when they are received, they need to be stored in the same central system so that it is centralized and it is easy to access.    And the second thing is VA needs to jump in the driver's seat and not let the schools drive this. We recommend they set the expectation that these complaints are resolved within two weeks. That way, we are not dealing with 30 days, 60 days or worse which we have seen now.    Mr. Chairman, thank you again for the opportunity to offer our views on this and we look forward to any questions you have.    Mr. Neiweem. So, Mr. Takano, I think it is a great concept. In our recent survey research, we didn't specifically go after that, but I know there are many veterans who didn't use their benefits right away, and the longer the time goes on, a lot of those basic core competencies, such as college math, those sorts of things--you know, if you don't pass the competency level for math 101, you are going to be taking 98 or 99, so I am sure many veterans would benefit, would fall into that category. But I can't give you a specific number now, but we could launch a survey about it.    Mr. Neiweem. And if I could just say that I think more basically just a human connection. I mean someone with a human connection or a significant other is more, with a significant other, is more likely to succeed, and if they do not, having a veteran that they have a connection with is going to enhance the campus experience.    And I did want to touch on the fact that the IAVA and VFW both have been supporting the Discharge Review Board of you, Board, to look at veterans that have been discharged other than honorable, that there be a remedial mechanism to see if that, you know, that discharge may have been related to post-traumatic stress in combat. So that is something we have supported.    And just one clarification, I think we clarified it, but the 36-month benefit is the duration of the benefit, it is not an eligibility window, so you can use it after the 36 months.    Mr. Neiweem. I would just say I think that is something--a great thing for Congress to consider. I mean our members' needs are usually based on the geography and what is available. I mean some universities have got great veteran services, others are more limited to their budgets. So it is probably a budgetary consideration, but certainly many of our members would benefit from that type of option to focus on their studies while they are trying to balance the needs of having a family because we know they are usually older students.    Mr. Neiweem. And I know in our location we do have an outside agency that we partner with, The Volunteers of America, and they do have a grant for female veterans for not only childcare, but if they need assistance getting to and from job interview. They do provide rides, they do provide bus passes, and they do provide gas cards if that veteran, female veteran, does not have the funds to do so.    One of our challenges is just to get it out to the population because they are sitting on money and they need people to participate in it. And we are trying to do everything on our part to get that out to our female veteran, population.