    Mr. Zinke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I guess the collaborative process is an enormous effort. It takes experts sitting together at a table, and when the Federal Government, or a higher authority, intervenes and say they know best, it concerns me. It concerns me in Montana that I have talked to the Director of the BLM. Nowhere do I see what a healthy population number is in Montana, and we are talking about Montana, where the CMR is larger than most states.    So, when I don't know what a target number is, when the plan doesn't have anything constructive, other than habitat, when it doesn't address wildfire, it doesn't address predators, and yet, locally, the farmers, the ranchers, the people that live on the land have expressed a considerable desire to save the species in a constructive manner that looks at predators, looks at wildfire, looks at weather--and so, I guess my question to Ms. Clarke is that you have been around this process. Other than perhaps a taxidermy, or the Smithsonian Institute, is there an example of the sage grouse within the DC area, living?    Mr. Zinke. Well, why then would Washington, the bureaucracy, given there are no sage grouse here--in your view, why would they decide what is best for Montana or the western states, that have a deep, traditional concern for wildlife management? Why would the bureaucracy here think that they have a better management plan than the western states?    Mr. Zinke. So we agree. We need more scientists and less lawyers out in the field.    But also, what is the effect? You have gone through this process much more than I. And I am a Teddy Roosevelt conservationist. I love the land, and I think species are absolutely critical that we maintain; but what is the effect of going through a collaborative process, and then disrupting that? What is the frustration and what is the effect of not having the value in respecting the process of a collaborative effort in the state?    Mr. Zinke. You are an expert in this area. Would you not say that predator control, wildfire management, as well as habitat should be a part of the solution, other than just concentrating on habitat?    As an example, I sat down with the Director, and I asked him, ``Why is the population--Why is it down in Montana? '' He mentioned oil and gas exploration. Now, Montana is a pretty big state. In this committee I have often said Montana is between Washington, DC and Chicago, plus 2 miles.    Now, I went and reviewed how many active-duty oil rigs we have in the great state of Montana. We had one at the time. Now we have zero. So I don't think oil and gas exploration has been a significant cause of the diminishing stock. But, again, you go out to the farmers, the ranchers, those who live on the land, it is predators.    So, do you agree that we should be looking at predators, rather than cutting down juniper trees?    Mr. Zinke. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.