    Mr. Lieu. Thank you. I'd like to talk to you folks a little bit about the possible security risks from the sex parties. And on page 15 of the LPO report, it says the following: It says, Mr. Corroborator 2 Stated he believed that Mr. Corroborator 1 gained information from the U.S. agents by getting their guard down through the use of prostitutes and paying for parties. Mr. Corroborator 1 bragged about the parties with prostitutes and how he sowed relationship closeness with agents. Two, Mr. Corroborator 2. And then Mr. Corroborator 1 said that he could easily get the agents to talk.    So, Ms. Leonhart, do you believe actual information was compromised through these sex parties?    Mr. Lieu. Doesn't the report itself provide evidence that you had agents in compromised positions that, at least, foreign officials believed that the agents were compromised and they could get the agents to talk? Did you do an investigate--how do you know that agents didn't say something that they maybe should not have said or disclosed some information they should not have?    Mr. Lieu. Did you then do an investigation as to what information may or may not have been leaked?    Mr. Lieu. So it's possible the information was leaked or compromised?    Mr. Lieu. So let me focus again on this discipline issue. When I served Active Duty in the Air Force and still in the Reserves as a JAG, I dealt with the Douglas Factors. And I understand some of the restrictions that you have because we're a civil service system.    The FBI is not under Title V. DEA agents, like FBI agents, go undercover. They're law enforcement. Any reason not to move the DEA out of Title V?    Mr. Lieu. If the deciding officials make a decision you don't like, can you do anything with that decision?    Mr. Lieu. Now, even though there are civil service protections for sort of the rank and file, when something goes badly wrong and it's a climate issue, a cultural issue, what happens is leadership resigns or it gets fired. So, for example, in the Air Force, when there was problems with some of the nuclear weapons we had, even though the Secretary of Air Force at the time, the chief of staff of the Air Force that really didn't know about it, wasn't aware, but because those things happened, they were both removed. Secret Service, their head is gone.    Do you believe it's a climate issue? And if it's a climate issue, do you believe then maybe, instead of focusing on the rank and file, maybe you need leadership change or removed?    Mr. Lieu. Thank you.    I yield back.