    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, I thank you for being here today.    And, of course, thank you, Mr. Chairman, for bringing this hearing--this issue to our hearing.    I am encouraged by the fact that we are finally having this debate because I think Congress failed last fall to not only have an honest discussion about our overall strategy to defeat ISIS, but we also failed to discuss the underpinning authorities for that strategy. I think regardless of where you come down on this issue, it is important that we have the discussion, so I am glad that we are here.    I want to first off just say that the paramount importance is to make sure that our troops who are sent into harm's way know that all of America is behind them. When they go to battle and they go to fight and they go to potentially lay down their lives for this Nation, they need to know that we are behind them and that they--that we will be there to help provide them with the resources that they need to do the job that we ask them to do.    That said, I think the AUMF is critically important. I actually voted against the repeal of both the 2001 and 2002 AUMFs in the past when they came up on the floor as amendments to NDAA and defense appropriations not because I fully support them, but because there was no alternative at the time.    Now that we are looking at this new alternative, I like the fact--the proposal that this new AUMF should subsume and we should get rid of the 2001, and I agree with that.    What I do want to do is to drill down on the geographic boundaries portion of it, and specifically the Brookings Institution's proposal to, instead of having a geographic boundary, a legal boundary, one that is in conjunction with international laws for the use of force and sovereignty.    So could you--is it Wittes or Wittes?    Ms. Duckworth. I apologize.    Ms. Duckworth. Mr. Wittes, could you sort of drill down on that for me a little bit? Let me just give you a specific example and see if I understand this correctly.    This legal boundary would basically say to American commanders on the ground, whom we should trust, by the way, because we put them in charge and they know what they are doing when it comes to military, the use of military force, so we are telling them that in Iraq and Afghanistan, because we have the cooperation of those nations' governments, ``You can be in there, you can do your job,'' but you can't go and invade Pakistan without coming to Congress and Congress authorizing that first because there is--we don't have the invitation of the government of Pakistan to come conduct operations within their territory.    What does this do for countries or failed states; places like Yemen, places like Somalia back in 2001? You know, if these guys run into--or in Yemen, does this then put constraints on our military commanders and on our troops to not be able to go after ISIS forces in Yemen, for example?    Ms. Duckworth. Go ahead.    Ms. Duckworth. You have the full 2 minutes.    Ms. Duckworth. Very good. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. That was impressive.    Mr. Turner.