    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. K--I will call you Dr. K. Let me go to you.    Mr. Meadows. Let me go to you. In your opening testimony you talked about midair collisions, and how the magnitude would be more significant in certain areas, and negligible in others. Can you elaborate a little bit more on that?    Coming from the rural area of western North Carolina, where you would assume most of it would be safe, but there's a number of small airstrips, grass strips, et cetera. So illuminate, if you would.    Mr. Meadows. So could we put forth certain counties where we have drone-free zones, or drone-permissible--are there certain counties across the country where there is relatively little if no chance of having interaction with an aircraft?    Mr. Meadows. That is a loaded question, so go ahead.    Mr. Meadows. Yes.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So let me go further, then. How would you classify ``near miss''? What is your definition?    Mr. Meadows. So, Captain, would you agree with that definition of ``near miss''? Is that satisfactory?    Mr. Meadows. Yes, I am talking about his definition. Would that be satisfactory to the airline pilots?    Mr. Meadows. Can you get to the chairman of this committee what you would estimate a near miss would be, and----    Mr. Meadows. Well, can you query your pilots and ask them to opine on it? How about that?    Mr. Meadows. OK.    Mr. Meadows. Let me go real quickly and finish up.    Mr. Whitaker, some have suggested that your rulemaking has not been expeditious. And I believe, in your earlier testimony here, when you were talking about doing a rulemaking for commercial drones, when--I guess you said the commercial viability and economic viability increases. Did I hear you correctly on that?    Mr. Meadows. Right.    Mr. Meadows. And that you would--so there is a certain mentality that says if you build it they will come. And your testimony here today is if they build it we will regulate it?    Mr. Meadows. But, Mr. Whitaker, let me suggest that you are more forward-thinking in terms of regulations. The ambiguity of FAA doing nothing creates the kind of dynamics that we have here today, both on the commercial and on the hobby side of things. And the more finite you can be, the better that commercial activity will be, in terms of meeting your expectation. If we wait until--to draw the regulations until we have problems, as we are trying to do today, it creates much uncertainty in the market. Wouldn't you agree with that?    Mr. Meadows. So how do we best move your rulemaking faster, as it relates to the near misses that we are talking about here, and allow us to compete in drones? Because if not, if--we are going to lose out to the drone technology in Europe. We have had other testimony sitting at that very table that would suggest that. So how do we make sure that you are nimble and do that effectively?    And I am out of time, so I will yield back, and----