    Mr. Rooney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate, Mr. Secretary, our visit yesterday. And I appreciate the spirit of the other testimony that we have heard. You know, it is okay if you speak too loud, especially with issues that frustrate not only members of this committee, your agency, as well as the veterans and the people that we serve. Certainly, South Central Florida has its share of retirees and veterans.    One of the things that I was most impressed with, Mr. Secretary, when we visited was the kind of background that you have, and the business acumen that you bring to the table. And I think that when people read your resume and get to know you, not to say that previous secretaries haven't been able to accomplish what they set out to do, but the fact of the matter is, we are still talking about a lot of the same things that we have been talking about since I got to Congress 6 years ago.    You know, as Mr. Bishop alludes to, one of the big frustrations for me, as a veteran myself, is when you join the Army and things are kind of prescribed for you, and you are sort of told where to stand, what to say and what to do, and then when you get out of the Army, and you kind of hear this, ``Well, you know, the orders for the prescriptions aren't exactly the same,'' or, ``We are just getting around to our computer systems being able to communicate and understand each other,'' that is the kind of thing that when you join the Army, or you join one of the other branches, you assume are already taken care of. And when you find out that they are not, I think that that is the most frustrating thing.    So my question revolves around your background and some of the things and the frustrations that we have heard. You don't have a lot of time in this job, I assume. And what time you have here with being a former CEO of a major company, what do you honestly think that you are going to be able to accomplish for veterans? What kind of innovation?    I have a question, drafted out here for me about VSOs and our local counties that want to be able to be more active in screening, and things like that, at the county level. Maybe that is part of it. And you talked yesterday about, you know, consolidation of some of the people that are doing the same job. And that is all great.    But I think that you as a spokesman, getting out there and showing the kind of frustration that we have heard, the American people were responding to me like, ``I like that guy. I agree with him. He is a CEO. He is not,'' you know, no disrespect again to former secretaries, but what can you--what has been your biggest frustration? What kind of innovation do you think you will be able to bring to the table so 6 years from now, this committee isn't still talking about these same things, like prescription orders aren't marrying up, and computers aren't talking to each other? So if you could talk to that, I would appreciate it.    Mr. Rooney. Thank you.    Mr. Rooney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My question is pretty brief and kind of specific to Florida, but I think it might reflect a larger issue which deals with patients at V.A.s and identity theft. We had an issue down in Tampa recently, at the James Haley V.A. Hospital where this guy, Willie Streater, was a contractor, and he was in charge of shredding some documents.    Well, he didn't shred them, he sold them and the people that bought them, I guess, had filed fraudulent tax claims and got over $1 million for that. But it is not just that, it is benefits, it is being able to open lines of credit, health care fraud, all the things that we know are associated with identity theft.    And so I guess my questions are, why do we still use Social Security numbers with regard to patients at the V.A.? Number two, would electronic records help this issue? And finally, why do we outsource with the V.A. the way that we do, especially when there is opportunity for people with felony criminal records to be, you know, employed by our taxpayer dollars?    Mr. Rooney. What are your thoughts on the whole Social Security number issue, as opposed to using some other kind of identifying----    Mr. Rooney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yield back.