    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the witnesses. Although I am not a lawyer, I do feel I should take 10 seconds to defend the rule of law.    I understand what makes our democracy endure is that we are a nation of laws, and that there are many tragic examples today of dystopic countries that do not have the rule of law: North Korea, Somalia, Sudan. A quick aside.    Ms. Goldfuss, Mr. Martella had written that ``GHGs are well-mixed, global pollutants emitted by countless sources. As a result, the relative and proportional climate change impacts of emissions associated with any given Federal action will be infinitesimally small.''    Then, Dr. Christy testified that if we close the USA, a few hundredths of a degree.    These statements seem to ignore the leadership role of the United States, that the laws and regulations we pass, the actions we take, do affect what other countries will do. I have been trying to think of the best analogy. There are many, but I keep coming up with is it OK to throw one beer can out the window, because there will be a lot of other beer cans thrown out the window, so it is OK for me to do it.    Can you tell me what the big picture is for CEQ if any one plant is really not going to make any difference?    Mr. Beyer. Yes, thank you. And, Director Goldfuss, Mr. Martella argued against applying the new guidance to land and resource management actions. And does it make any sense to apply the greenhouse gas metrics to, say, oil and gas explorations on Federal lands, when there is greenhouse gas, by definition? I mean what is the rationale for doing that? So----    Mr. Beyer. Great. Thank you. In the minute I have left, Dr. Christy, I appreciated your building the data sets from scratch, and the slides that we saw. It would be, maybe at another time, interesting to take those slides farther back to 1950, 1900, 1850, and not just compare what the IPCC scientists have projected the difference in temperature would be over a 5-year period of time, but look at the temperature, and look at the J-curve on the greenhouse gas emissions, and see how they align. I am sure you have worked on things like that, too, but this is where the 97 percent of the climate scientists come down on believing that climate change is something that is real, and that we have to deal with.    Dr. Christy.    Mr. Beyer. I was just quoting my colleague.