    Chairman CHABOT. The Committee will come to order. I want to thank everyone for being here today.    Last month the Department of Labor finalized the overtime rule which will affect millions of small employers all across this country. The Department of Labor has heralded this rule as a long overdue action that will provide tremendous benefits to workers. However, like so many of this Administration's policies, this one-size-fits-all will do, I believe, far more harm than good.    I have been meeting with small business owners, as Chairman of this Ccommittee, from all across the country. In fact, I just had a group of restaurant owners in my office right before this meeting, and I would like to share with you some of the things that they have told me.    They are only successful if they treat their employees well. Many give their employees the flexibility to leave work early and provide paid time off. They pay their employees as much as they can afford. When they can provide a bonus or a raise, they do. And when budgets are tight, many of the owners, the people who own these businesses, forgo paying themselves, so that each of their employees can take home a full paycheck.    Countless small employers, including small businesses, small nonprofits, and small local governments, do not have the profit margins or the budget flexibility to increase currently exempt workers' salaries to the new salary level.    The Department of Labor seems to think that employers will simply be able to raise prices or find extra money elsewhere. This just is not the case, particularly in rural parts of the country where the cost of living and wages are lower or for cash strapped technology startups that often pay lower based salaries, but provide equity in the companies as incentive to work there.    For many small employers, their only choice may be to shift workers from salaried positions to hourly status and require them to punch a time card. This means that many workers, particularly entry level managers, will have reduced flexibility, reduced paycheck certainty, and reduced benefits, as well as fewer opportunities for career advancement.    Numerous small employers weighed in on this proposal and told the Department of Labor that the unprecedented salary level increase would have very negative repercussions. They asked for a common sense rule that recognized that not all employers have the same resources or utilize the same compensation structures. Unfortunately their pleas fell on deaf ears.    I want to assure the small employers here today, and those tuning in from across this great country, that while the Department of Labor didn't listen to you, this Committee will. We are.    The December 1st compliance deadline is rapidly approaching. So today we want to hear how small employers are working to comply with these new requirements and what challenges that you are encountering.    We want to thank the witnesses, particularly those who have traveled from all across the country to be here today. And we are looking forward to hearing your testimony.    And I would now like to yield to the Ranking Member, Ms. Velazquez, for her opening statement.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back. And if Committee members have opening statements prepared, we ask that they submit them for the record.    And I would now like to take just a moment to review our rules here relative to timing. It is pretty simple. We operate by the 5 minute rule. Each of you gets 5 minutes to testify and each member gets to ask questions for 5 minutes. Sometimes we go into a second round, sometimes we don't, depending on time.    There is a lighting system to help you out. The green light starts out, it is on for 4 of the 5 minutes, the yellow light comes on for 1 minute to let you know you are kind of getting near the red light, which means you are supposed to conclude your testimony by then if at all possible. We will give you a little time in addition if you need it, but we would ask you not to abuse it and stay within it as closely as you can.    And now I would like to introduce our distinguished panel here today. We will begin with you, Mr. Robinson. Our first witness will be Adam Robinson, the cofounder and CEO of Hireology, a Chicago-based technology firm that was launched in 2010 to revolutionize the hiring process. In 2015 Mr. Robinson was added to the Chicago Tribune's Blue Network, a listing of Chicago's most influential entrepreneurs and innovators, and named a ``Top 25 HR Industry Game Changer Under 40'' by Workforce Magazine.    Under his leadership, Hireology has been recognized nationally by Entrepreneur magazine as a ``Top Company Culture'' and by Crain's Chicago Business as a ``Best Places to Work'' for both Millennials and Generation X. Mr. Robinson is testifying on behalf of the Job Creators Network today and we welcome you here.    Our next witness is the Honorable Jerrie Tipton. Ms. Tipton is the chairman of the Mineral County Board of Commissioners in Nevada. Commissioner Tipton was elected to the Board in 2006 and also serves as Mineral County's representative on many associated boards, including the local Conservation District. She and her husband have a livestock operation and a business that supports exploration drilling in the region.    Commissioner Tipton is also an active member of the Nevada Association of Counties. Today she will be testifying on behalf of the National Association of Counties. And we welcome you here as well, as a former county commissioner myself we especially welcome you.    Our third witness is Mr. Albert--is it Macre?    Chairman CHABOT. Macre--I have a mental block and it--Macre, sorry about that. Everybody is always mispronouncing my name so--Mr. Macre, also currently serves as an assistant professor of accountancy at the Franciscan University of Steubenville and lends his expertise to various boards and organizations such as the NFIB/Ohio Leadership Council and the Ohio Business Gateway Steering Committee.    He received a master of accountancy from Miami University in Ohio with an emphasis in financial accounting and taxation. A great university. The head of our Small Business Committee, a Miami graduate, my brother a Miami graduate, our son a Miami graduate so a great school.    Our fourth witness is Ms. Christine Walters. She is an attorney and the sole proprietor of FiveL Company in Westminster, Maryland, and will be testifying on behalf of the Society for Human Resource Management. Since 2002, Ms. Walters has provided full-time human resources and employment law consulting to small businesses and small nonprofits.    Prior to starting her firm, Ms. Walters worked nearly 10 years in human resource administration. She has also served as an adjunct faculty member of Johns Hopkins University and worked in a law firm, Saul Ewing L.L.P. Ms. Walters has received numerous nominations and awards for her work, including the small business of the year award by Baltimore Washington Corridor Chamber of Commerce in 2010. Congratulations for that and we welcome you here.    And I would now like to yield to the ranking member to introduce our fifth and final witness.    Chairman CHABOT. Mr. Robinson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. Commissioner Tipton, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Chabot like rabbit, but yeah.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. Mr. Macre, you are recognized for 5 minutes. And feel free to mispronounce my name if you so choose.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. Ms. Walters you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Eisenbrey, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    We will now turn to ourselves and ask questions. I recognize myself for 5 minutes.    I had a number of questions I was going to ask but your testimony, Mr. Eisenbrey, I am going to shift direction. I think that perhaps all the concerns that I have heard from America's small businesses for months and months and months now, and perhaps the panel here today, our concerns must have been unfounded. This is a good rule that is going to benefit workers all over the United States apparently.    I would be happy to open it to the other witnesses. Do you want to tell the panel why you think that perhaps the point of view that you just heard testified to by Mr. Eisenbrey is incorrect or is he right?    Mr. Robinson.    Chairman CHABOT. Yeah. And the ACA, for anybody who may be watching out there, is the Affordable Care Act, or some people refer to it as the un-Affordable Care Act or ObamaCare, that is what you are referring to.    Chairman CHABOT. Let me go ahead and ask another question. Commissioner Tipton, I will turn to you, if I can.    In your testimony, you explained that Mineral County, your county, doesn't have the flexibility within its budget to comply with the overtime rule by December 1, and that you don't see any alternative to cutting services. What type of services would you have to cut? And how would this affect the residents of your county that you represent?    Chairman CHABOT. And JPO is?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    Let me shift over to Mr. Macre now, if I can.    Sir, could you give us some examples of employee perks and benefits that are likely to have to be reduced because of this new overtime rule.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. My time has expired.    The Ranking Member is recognized, Ms. Velazquez of New York, for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time has expired.    The gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, who is the vice chairman of the Committee, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from Nevada, who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight and Regulations, Mr. Hardy, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. And the gentleman's time is expired, but you can answer the question if you like. Ms. Walters.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time has expired.    The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Davidson, who is a relatively new addition to this Committee--and for those who may not know replaced Speaker Boehner in the House--is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The gentleman's time has expired.    The gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Kelly, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. And the gentleman's time has expired, but you can comment.    Chairman CHABOT. Anybody else need to comment?    Chairman CHABOT. Go ahead.    Chairman CHABOT. It is the gentleman's time. I did want to give somebody else a chance to respond here, if that is okay with the gentleman. Mr. Robinson or----    Chairman CHABOT. Okay, the gentleman's time has expired.    We want to thank all the witnesses for being here today and participating in this hearing.    From my perspective, as Chair, I would indicate, I believe that the overtime rule is going to do more harm than good and is likely to pose a considerable challenge for small businesses, especially those with thin margins, which is most small businesses, as well as, small nonprofits, and small governmental jurisdictions, as you, Commissioner Tipton, have indicated, with very tight budgets.    However, the most damaging repercussions are likely to be, I believe, the loss of employee morale as workers are shifted from salaried positions to hourly status. Benefits very well may be reduced, as the testimony was; flexible work options will be limited; and opportunities for career advancement may well be decreased.    My colleagues and I will continue, on both sides of the aisle, to work on legislative solutions that help America's small employers and their workers succeed and reverse the harmful effects caused by this new overtime rule.    I would ask unanimous consent that members have 5 legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    And without objection, so ordered. And if there is no further business to come before the Committee, we are adjourned. Thank you very much.