    Mr. Loesback. I apologize, Mr. Chair. I was thinking that I was not going to go for a little bit yet.    But thanks to all of you for being here. I really appreciate this conversation we are having. I was going to ask about set top boxes but I think I am going to forego that one this time. I think it has being covered pretty exhaustively.    I do want to say, Commissioner Pai, I am all for the Jayhawks, too because I am an Iowa State alum but, hopefully, the Cyclones are going to do well as well.    Mr. Loesback. That is ok. It is all right.    I do speak to former Congressman Jim Wright quite often about these issues, as you can imagine.    But at any rate, and Commissioner Rosenworcel, in particular, I know you are all concerned about rural broadband, but thank you so much for your tremendous efforts on that front. I look forward to seeing you in Iowa at some point down the road as well, when we can chat with some of our folks in Iowa who are particularly concerned about this. So, thank you.    What I would like to do is first ask Chairman Wheeler about the enhanced transparency issue, having to do with broadband development and small businesses. You have your particular order that was out there but then I worked with Chairman Walden and other members recently to get a bipartisan bill passed where we have a different approach to that in terms of how we define small business and extend the period for the exemption, if you will, for these small broadband providers. And there is really broad bipartisan support to make sure that we provide the necessary regulatory relief to these folks so that they really can in fact expand that broadband capability to as many folks in these rural areas as possible.    And we are hopeful that the Senate will take this up and that the President would sign whatever legislation comes out of this. But if that is not the case, might it be true that the FCC does intend to further exempt small providers from the enhanced transparency rules?    Mr. Loesback. Right.    Mr. Loesback. Right, I am recognizing that there is that bipartisan support here to extend it further, if you will.    Do any of the others here want to comment on that particular issue at this point?    Mr. Loesback. Thank you.    And also, Chairman Wheeler, on the incentive auction, Mr. Chairman, regarding the upcoming incentive auction itself, I am concerned about the impact that the FCC's repacking plan might have on broadcasters and dealers in rural America, as you might imagine.    If the FCC implements a regional repacking plan, will broadcasters in areas like Iowa be repacked last because there is less of a spectrum crunch? And if so, can you assure me that broadcasters in rural markets will have as much time to transition as broadcasters in areas where there is a spectrum crunch? I am concerned that there is a 39-month deadline to transition and whether broadcasters in rural areas may not be able to start right away. Can you address that issue?    Mr. Loesback. Right.    Mr. Loesback. Thank you very much.    Again, you can see the rural theme to my questions here, obviously. But I know that a lot of folks here on this panel and on the larger committee have these very same concerns that I have on a bipartisan basis. That is why I have raised those issues.    Thank you, Mr. Chair, I yield back the remainder of my time.    Mr. Loesback. Yes. Are commissioners allowed to speak publicly about proposed rulemakings?