    Mr. Esquea. Esquea.    Mr. Esquea. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, I appreciate this opportunity to testify on the Department of Health and Human Services' response to congressional oversight and request for documents. My name is Jim Esquea. I am the Assistant Secretary for Legislation at HHS. Prior to coming to HHS, I was on the staff of the Senate Committee on the Budget for 11 years for Senator Kent Conrad of North Dakota. I have a deep appreciation for the important work of Congress and strive to facilitate positive and productive interactions between Congress and HHS every day.    HHS' mission is to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans. We accomplish this mission every day by providing effective health and human services and fostering advances in medicine, public health, and social services. Our 11 operating divisions include large and diverse agencies, such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the Food and Drug Administration, and the National Institutes of Health. From providing healthcare coverage to more than 100 million people through Medicare, Medicaid, and the Children's Health Insurance Program, and the Health Insurance Marketplace, to conducting cutting-edge biomedical research, and working to assure the safety, effectiveness, and quality of foods, drugs, vaccines, and medical devices, HHS programs touch the lives of all Americans.    As part of its critical mission to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans, HHS also regularly interacts and communicates with Congress. Secretary Burwell has made working cooperatively with Congress one of her key priorities, and we view Congress as a valuable partner as we work together on legislation, appropriations, and oversight. HHS recognizes and values Congress' important oversight role and has a long history of cooperating with oversight requests for information regarding its programs. As the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, my office works with many different committees and members on a daily basis to provide Congress with accurate, complete, and timely information. Given my previous experience working for the Senate, I certainly understand and respect the importance of Congress' oversight function. Given the breadth of the programs administered by the Department, we receive inquiries from virtually every Member's office and regularly receive a variety of requests from at least 20 committees on both the House and Senate side. Since the 114th Congress began in January of 2015, the HHS has responded to over 5,200 congressional letters, testified at almost 150 hearings, and provided at least 1,600 briefings to the Hill. In addition, we have responded to numerous requests for documents to multiple committees and have provided tens of thousands of pages of documents. Agency staff also routinely responds to numerous informal inquiries from Congress for requests for information or for help with constituent work.    In responding to this incredible volume of requests, we work to accommodate Congress' legitimate oversight inquiries, consistent with important executive branch interests, while being cognizant of resource constraints. We work collaboratively with congressional staff to understand priorities and to develop mutually agreeable solutions. Often, we receive very broad and complex requests that may involve many different components of the Department. Such requests require more time and attention to ensure that we are providing accurate and complete information.    There have also been some instances where committees have requested extremely sensitive information, involving cybersecurity, market sensitivity, ongoing law enforcement investigations, personally identifiable information, and internal deliberations. In such situations, we have sought solutions to balance the committee's interests and our obligations to safeguard certain information. We have provided substantive narrative responses, briefings by agency experts, and in-camera reviews. In all cases, we work hard to respond to Congress' request for information about our programs. We look forward to continuing to work with this committee and others to respond to requests for information in a timely manner consistent with our obligations to safeguard important information.    Thank you for the opportunity to be here today. I am more than happy to answer your questions. And, Mr. Chairman, as you said in a previous hearing and as you reminded us today, the most important thing we can do is keep an open line of communication. I think we have done that, and we have been aggressive about doing that, but we hear you loud and clear, sir.    Mr. Esquea. It would be 23 CO-OPs actually went public.    Mr. Esquea. I believe it was $2.4 billion.    Mr. Esquea. I believe there--11, I believe.    Mr. Esquea. Yes.    Mr. Esquea. I believe, eight.    Mr. Esquea. I believe so.    Mr. Esquea. I don't actually run the CO-OP program, so I have no firsthand knowledge.    Mr. Esquea. I am hopeful that they will continue to be an important option in terms of providing affordable and accessible coverage for consumers.    Mr. Esquea. I think the CO-OP was an important option in the Affordable Care Act. Its purpose was to inject competition and provide another avenue for----    Mr. Esquea. Congressman, I appreciate the question, and I will say this: Since the first letter we got from the chairman back in November related to CO-OPs, we have worked very hard to provide significant, relevant, responsive documents. To that end, we have provided over 31,000 pages----    Mr. Esquea. Well, but it is important to single out--and I will put that aside--but it is important to note that we did provide two in-camera reviews of these market-sensitive documents unredacted. We made them available to the committee.    Mr. Esquea. I believe we're working on that request for you. I think at the CO-OP hearing you held in February, which, in fact, was a very helpful hearing----    Mr. Esquea. We are working hard to make sure we get that information for you from CMS.    Mr. Esquea. We are working very hard to make sure that you get that piece of information and the rest of the information that you requested from that hearing.    Mr. Esquea. I believe we're working with DOJ in terms of recoupment of those funds.    Mr. Esquea. Again, thank you for that question. Because there's market-sensitive information in the documents themselves that if they were disclosed, quite frankly, they would undermine the ability of these CO-OPs to be competitive, and they would be no longer be able to operate on a level playing field.    Mr. Esquea. I said that at my confirmation hearing.    Mr. Esquea. Mr. Chairman, I did make a promise at my confirmation hearing, and I'm living up to that promise. Since we got the first letter related to CO-OPs back in November, we have been very aggressive about being responsive to the committee's requests, and we will continue to be responsive to this committee's request. Again, these documents will be available in camera, unredacted, with no time limit for any member of this committee. That I can assure you.    Mr. Esquea. We will schedule it whenever you like, sir. Again, we will make these documents available to you for in-camera review, unredacted, whenever you like at the convenience of this committee. I take my responsibility very, very seriously.    Mr. Esquea. That would be correct sir.    Mr. Esquea. That would be correct.    Mr. Esquea. Yes, sir.    Mr. Esquea. That would be correct, sir.    Mr. Esquea. Yes, sir. In private, unredacted.    Mr. Esquea. Absolutely, sir.    Mr. Esquea. Yes, sir.    Mr. Esquea. Absolutely. Again, you held a very important hearing on CO-OPs back in February, and I think it was the Maryland insurance commissioner who said: It's one thing to talk about CAPs; it's another thing to make them public and make proprietary information that might be in the CAPs public so that they can, in turn, be used against the CO-OP themselves.    These CAPs, as I understand it, do in fact have market-sensitive information that could undermine their ability to compete in their individual marketplaces.    Mr. Esquea. I consulted with CMS, and I was part of the decisionmaking, yes.    Mr. Esquea. I consulted with CMS, and I was part of the decisionmaking, yes.    Mr. Esquea. I approved that decision, yes.    Mr. Esquea. Mr. Chairman, when there are--Congressman, when there are agency equities involved, I may consult with others. The ACA is an important priority of this administration, so they probably would like to know what I'm doing, so I may have advised them as to where I was going.    Mr. Esquea. The Secretary was aware of what we were doing, yes.    Mr. Esquea. On this topic?    Mr. Esquea. I'm not--I cannot remember. I don't think I've had a direct conversation with her about this per se.    Mr. Esquea. Well, I consult----    Mr. Esquea. I consulted with CMS and CMS leadership to understand exactly what the request was for, what did it entail, and what were the issues that were of concern.    Mr. Esquea. Yes. He was involved in the decisionmaking absolutely.    Mr. Esquea. I have not spoken with him regarding this hearing. I did have a conversation with the chief of staff, Mandy Cohen, who testified here in February, but that was at the beginning of the process when we first--when I first understood that the committee was interested in these documents.    Mr. Esquea. No, sir.    Mr. Esquea. No, sir.    Mr. Esquea. No, sir.    Mr. Esquea. Congressman, I will consult, but, ultimately, it's usually my name that goes on these letters that go to the committee. So I help in those decisionmakings.    Mr. Esquea. Well, if a letter goes directly to the Secretary, for example, and the Secretary wants to sign it herself, you know, she will convey what she would like to do.    Mr. Esquea. But, by and large, since--I'm more likely to be in the weeds than the Secretary so that's why it's often more appropriate for me to sign the letter.    Mr. Esquea. Sure.    Mr. Esquea. I think the best answer to that would be that I'm meeting with the committee staff--my staff is meeting with this committee staff later this week to determine what questions still remain in terms of--and answers.    Mr. Esquea. Congressman, again, since we first got this request back in November, we have provided 31,000 pages of documents over six productions; we've provided an in-person briefing by our key CMS official, who provides oversight of the CO-OP program; we've provided a witness for a hearing for this committee; and we've had two in-camera reviews. So, again, I think we've acted fairly aggressively, and we've worked very closely with this committee.    Mr. Esquea. Mr. Chairman, we are doing all that we can to be responsive and to respond to the questions of this committee.    Mr. Esquea. We are----    Mr. Esquea. Yes, sir.    Mr. Esquea. Yes, sir.    Mr. Esquea. I believe I have an obligation to make sure you have access to this information, which I have done.    Mr. Esquea. Sir, let's be clear. We are responding to the subpoena. We are making sure that you have access to these materials whenever you like----    Mr. Esquea. --access.    Mr. Esquea. Sir, I'm at a disadvantage in that I'm not a lawyer, so I will answer the question this way.    Mr. Esquea. I will----    Mr. Esquea. I--what I will say is that we are working very hard to make sure that you have access to this information whenever you like unredacted. This information will be available----    Mr. Esquea. Oh, sir, I think you understand this is about market sensitivity and the ability of these CO-OPs to----    Mr. Esquea. No.    Mr. Esquea. No, sir. I don't think it's a question of embarrassment. It's just a question of we will--this--we have made these materials available to you. We will continue to make these materials available to you. It's a question of market sensitivity.    Mr. Esquea. Congressman----    Mr. Esquea. To my knowledge, no. And I know my walls are fairly sparse, so I'm not aware of any problems in this area.    Mr. Esquea. I am not aware this is a problem, sir.    Mr. Esquea. Actually, Congressman, we are making materials available to the committee for their review.    Mr. Esquea. Again, I'm not an expert on the CO-OPs, but at your hearing in February, I believe our witness said that the types of information that were in these CAPs were related to plan pricing, vendor oversights, business strategy, that sort of thing, the type of thing that, if you would make public, could undermine the competitiveness of these CO-OPs. So, again, I don't run the CO-OP program, and I don't have firsthand knowledge.    Mr. Esquea. Well, we are--we have made this submission available to the committee. We're just asking the committee to work with us to continue with in-camera reviews of this information.    Mr. Esquea. You are asking appropriate oversight questions, and we are trying to provide you those answers via in-camera reviews at----    Mr. Esquea. And we are providing access to this information whenever----    Mr. Esquea. Well, again, Congressman, we are doing all we can to provide the committee with access to this information.    Mr. Esquea. Sir, I'm not aware of any documents that have been withheld. We are working diligently to provide responsive document----    Mr. Esquea. I'm not aware of any documents that we've redacted, sir.    Mr. Esquea. I believe, sir, that the DOJ has the lead on that, so I'm not sure we have any information on it.    Mr. Esquea. Again, I can circle back to see what DOJ can provide, but DOJ is the lead in terms of recoupment of those funds.    Mr. Esquea. Well, my testimony is I believe DOJ has the lead for that.    Mr. Esquea. I don't have that information, but, again, I can circle back to see--just to be clear about what it is I may have, but my understanding is DOJ has the lead for that, and they might be the appropriate place to ask that question.    Mr. Esquea. Mr. Chairman, my testimony is that we're working very hard to accommodate and understand the interests of this committee, including having access to this information.    Mr. Esquea. We've made the materials available to the committee. So, yes, we have them.    Mr. Esquea. They're in our possession, sir.    Mr. Esquea. That's correct, sir.    Mr. Esquea. I am--my testimony is that we are making this material available to the committee in camera----    Mr. Esquea. Mr. Chairman, if there are further accommodations we can make, we will make them, and we will continue to work with----    Mr. Esquea. Mr. Chairman, we will continue to make these documents available to the committee. And we--and I--I simply ask that you work with us in this process.    Mr. Esquea. We will continue to work with this committee, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Esquea. Congressman, I can assure you that was not intentional. Or, in fact, I remember the back and forth. I remember the exchange. I remember the conversation with you, and it was my understanding, after the hearing, that FDA was going to reach out to you to have a meeting. If that did not happen, that would be my fault. I should have followed up with them, but it was my understanding they had already set up a meeting to discuss this with you.    Mr. Esquea. Yes, sir.    Mr. Esquea. Congressman, you're right. I apologize. I'm more than happy to discuss this further. But that was not intentional. I remember the exchange. I had thought that FDA was going to follow up with you to have a conversation. If that did not happen, that's on me. I should have followed up with them. My apologies to you. I'm more than happy to continue having this conversation. I can assure you Secretary Burwell did not do that intentionally. If there is any fault there, it would be mine.    Mr. Esquea. Mr. Cummings, we will continue to work to understand and accommodate the interests of the committee.