    Mr. Willis. Yes, the farm bill required a handful of studies, some for poultry, a little for swine as well. Some looked at business interruption. Others I think that you referenced focused more upon not business interruption but catastrophic diseases.    What we did with those is we had a third party. We contracted out to those in the private sector who are experienced in crop insurance and have knowledge to do such a study. They went out. They talked to growers. They talked to experts in the field, and they presented us with a study.    We put that study out on our website in the middle of December. Their recommendation was that there are a lot of hurdles to go, to be very honest. Some of the exact problems they mentioned are things you alluded to as far as the relationship with the integrator and the farmer.    What we have allowed though is we posted on our website we wanted comments. We want to continue discussions with those producers, and where it stands today is I think our door is open. We are more than willing to visit with those producers and talk about some of the hurdles in this study and perhaps talk about ways that those can be overcome.    The reality is we want the crop insurance program to be a safety net for as many producers as we can in rural America, and while the study pointed out some large hurdles, that does not mean that we are not open to conversations on ways that those hurdles could be overcome.    Mr. Willis. What we saw in those years specifically was commodity prices for corn and soybeans, et cetera, rose dramatically. That reduction made it so all commissions were capped at a certain point.    What happened is in 2011 and 2012, you saw that hit agents in areas where they had specialty crops. California, for example, was hit quite hard. Since then as commodity prices have moderated, we have kind of seen just the opposite, which they are actually doing better than their counterparts across the nation.    But for those two years, yes, due to commodity prices they were below. Today, I mean, just to give you one example, before the cap was set, agents in California, the Administrative and Operating expense subsidy (A&O) was $41 million. Last year it was $68 million.    Mr. Willis. Thank you.    Mr. Willis. Thank you for the question.    We do fully support cover crops at the Risk Management Agency. In fact, a few years ago one of the things that I think we are proud of is the fact that we sat down with NRCS, FSA and RMA, and we tried to simplify the guidance on cover crop and also tried to make all of the agencies consistent.    The guidelines you talked about are available on the website. They are greatly simplified. Having said that, we have had conversations with people who wish we would continue that, and we have had discussions. I think we want to continue those discussions.    The last thing anybody wants is to have any of the agencies be inconsistent, which we are on the same page right now, but we also want to support cover crops and the crop insurance program as well.    So we are happy to continue that dialogue. We are pretty proud though of what came out a few years ago with the new guidelines.    Mr. Willis. Well, the employees of the Risk Management Agency over the years have gone the extra mile to bring insurance to crops, to regions, to farming practices that have previously not had crop insurance. You know, in 2009 we did not offer crop insurance for organic crops. Recognizing the price today, we are at about 56 crops that have that. We added 30 last year.    We are creating new tools it seems like every few months to help these growers. We had a new program a year and a half ago called the Whole Farm Program that works well for diversified producers, but we did not just stop. We actually went out. We sent our team out to talk to farmers across the nation in the last year to find out what worked and what did not work, and we went back to the drawing board and made some changes.    The other way that we are seeing crop insurance grow is through private submissions. We have a board process where farmers can bring new products to a committee.    Mr. Willis. I am very confident we are going to continue to expand and to serve farmers' needs very well.