    Mr. Grayson. Thank you, Chairman Weber, for holding this hearing. And thank you to our witnesses for appearing here today.    America is mired in a long-term negative energy trade balance. According to the most recent figures from the Energy Information Administration, our energy trade deficit as of the fourth quarter of 2013 was $203 billion, and it has been that way literally for decades. We must import to make up the difference, and the question is how much longer are we going to be able to spend our fortune that way.    Every year for the past two generations, energy imports have cost us hundreds of billions of dollars. Unfortunately, there are also massive hidden costs that aren't reflected in the prices that Americans actually pay for energy. One recent study estimates that the United States has spent about $8 trillion from 1976 through 2010, merely defending access to oil supplies in the Persian Gulf, not producing, not acquiring, not even transporting, but simply defending our access to oil. That is $25,000 for every man, woman and child in America. Continuing to pursue a business-as-usual energy policy clearly costs not only American dollars, but also American lives. We can't just drill our way out of that problem.    Because the price of oil is set globally, a disruption of oil from the Middle East could severely spike U.S. oil prices no matter how much of it we are able to pull from our own ground. That is why reducing dependence on oil, and not just foreign oil, is a key strategic objective for both the United States economy and the U.S. Military. We can and we must end this strategic energy deficit. We can create a domestic energy infrastructure that is reliable, resilient and far less dependent on volatile regions around the world.    Towards these ends, the Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, which we are here to talk about today, helps to make that future come faster. Their sustainable transportation technology program focuses on improving energy efficiency in vehicles, and developing new alternative fuels from domestic resources. Research investments made by this program have reduced electric vehicle battery costs by 70 percent since 2008. They have also reduced the manufacturing costs for automotive fuel cells by more than 50 percent just since 2006. Research and development in biofuels has helped to reduce the production cost of cellulosic ethanol by more than $6 a gallon, to around $3.20 per gallon today, making it cost-competitive with gasoline.    Beyond reducing our dependence on oil, these programs improve energy efficiency in buildings and appliances, and they are providing major economic and environmental benefits to U.S. taxpayers as well. Efficiency standards enacted by the Department of Energy since 2009 are projected to save consumers hundreds of billions of dollars in their utility bills through 2030, and this agency-supported research in advanced lighting technology has helped to reduce LED costs by 90 percent since 2008. The renewable energy sector has also benefitted immensely from the agency-supported research and development. Since 2010, photovoltaic systems costs have been cut in half. DOE's SunShot Program, which has the goal of making solar energy costs competitive with conventional sources by 2020, is already more than 60 percent of the way to achieving that cost target. Overall, third party evaluators outside of the government estimate that from 1976 to 2008, these investments of $15 billion have resulted in an estimated economic benefit to the United States of $388 billion, a net return of more than 24 to 1. That is a very impressive track record, whether it is in government or in business, and it is one that we should continue to support.    Private investors in the energy sector are beginning to move from project-level loans to holding company loans, which means renewable energy industries may be starting at long last to take off. This development is encouraging, but we must realize that there is no Exxon Mobil, or for that matter, an Intel or a Pfizer in the renewable energy sector. There is no one with the capability to spend billions on research that the government is spending now. There remains a unique government role in supporting the advancement of new technologies at a sufficient pace to meet our national economic, environmental and energy security needs. And that is why I look forward to this hearing to hear more about that today.    The results from this agency's programs are tangible. They are having a direct positive impact on peoples' lives and, therefore, I want to thank Dr. Danielson and his office for their productive work, and for the information that they provide for us here today. And thank you again, Mr. Chairman.    And with that, I yield the balance of my time.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you. I have never worked in an air conditioning business. I had the burden of actually being in an economist for a few years, and before that studied economics, a further burden that I share with some of you apparently.    So let us start with Dr. de Rugy. You mentioned that one of the legitimate functions of government is the creation of public goods. What is a public good?    Dr. de Rugy. Public good is something that the private sector wouldn't produce, and that would benefit everyone.    Mr. Grayson. And why is it the private sector doesn't produce public goods?    Dr. de Rugy. Usually because the cost is too high, and no one is willing to invest in it.    Mr. Grayson. Well, also because not a single commercial entity can internalize all of the generated profit, isn't that correct? Isn't that the essence of a public good?    Dr. de Rugy. Yes.    Mr. Grayson. All right, so isn't knowledge a public good?    Dr. de Rugy. Knowledge is a public good, but--actually, no. No. We have a lot of investment--private investment in knowledge, and----    Mr. Grayson. Well----    Dr. de Rugy. --private investment in energy too.    Mr. Grayson. That is true, but you cannot internalize inside one company the benefit that comes from knowledge, and that includes scientific knowledge, doesn't it?    Dr. de Rugy. But the government is very bad at actually knowing anything, and one of the reasons is because there is no cost and benefit, there is no profit and losses, which is the way, as we know, since Friedrich Hayek, actually the market disperses the knowledge across millions of actors in the most efficient way.    Mr. Grayson. Well, that sounds more like ideology than economics to me----    Dr. de Rugy. That is actually----    Mr. Grayson. --Dr. de Rugy.    Dr. de Rugy. Well, actually, it is interesting because----    Mr. Grayson. And I am very familiar with the work of----    Dr. de Rugy. --Larry Summers has said that this insight of Hayek is the most important economic insight of the 20th century, so I don't think----    Mr. Grayson. All right, well, you agree with me that one company cannot, for instance, internalize the benefit that comes from conservation? That is a benefit that is spread across dozens if not hundreds of different companies, even in our economy, and probably thousands in the world economy. Isn't it true that scientific knowledge in the form of better conservation cannot be internalized and, therefore, it is a public good?    Dr. de Rugy. I don't agree.    Mr. Grayson. Mr. Loris----    Dr. de Rugy. Actually, we see----    Mr. Grayson. --what about you?    Mr. Grayson. Really?    Mr. Grayson. So you wouldn't even concede that the government should generate public goods as Dr. de Rugy did in her opening statements?    Mr. Grayson. Answer my question please.    Mr. Grayson. The question is would you concede that the government does, in fact, have a role in creating public goods, or you wouldn't even believe then scientific research should be done to create those public goods?    Mr. Grayson. Well, the circumstance----    Mr. Grayson. --is the creation of a public good in the form of scientific knowledge.    Mr. Grayson. Yes. Okay, good.    All right, now, what about externalities. Tell me what an externality is.    Mr. Grayson. All right, so would you agree with me that it is a legitimate basis for scientific research by the government to address the market inefficiencies that are caused by externalities like pollution----    Mr. Grayson. --which is caused by fossil fuels and not by most renewable energy?    Mr. Grayson. I didn't ask you whether it was the most efficient way, I asked you whether that was legitimate.    Mr. Grayson. Well, again, I feel like I am hearing more ideology than I am economics at this point.    Back to you, Dr. de Rugy. Would you agree with me that a barrier to entry is a legitimate form of a market imperfection that could be addressed by the government?    Dr. de Rugy. Well, very often the government is responsible for putting up----    Mr. Grayson. Oh, my goodness, can I just----    Dr. de Rugy. --barriers to entry.    Mr. Grayson. --have the question answered?    Dr. de Rugy. Well, usually, if a government--if a private sector has a monopoly and the government tries to break it----    Mr. Grayson. What is a barrier----    Dr. de Rugy. --I think----    Mr. Grayson. --to entry, Dr. de Rugy?    Dr. de Rugy. It is--the barrier--like you have a company that has a monopoly and a--and prevents other companies to getting in because the costs are too high for these companies to compete.    Mr. Grayson. Okay. So lack of capital is a barrier to entry, is it not? And that lack of capital is addressed by scientific research done by the government----    Dr. de Rugy. Actually----    Mr. Grayson. --isn't that correct?    Dr. de Rugy. Actually, this is an excuse used by the government, and there are many, many instances to justify their program, and when you actually look at the supposedly market failure that the government identifies, there is none. And the private sector is the best one use--is the best player to actually come up with solutions to whatever lack of capital. Look at the----    Mr. Grayson. All right, your excuse is other people's reason----    Dr. de Rugy. --export/import bank----    Mr. Grayson. --and progress, but let us finish with this since my time is almost running out. We spend $6 trillion each year on energy, we being the human species, humanity. We spend $6 trillion a year. Now, let us suppose, hypothetically, that someone could spend $200 billion and create free energy forever. You will agree with me that that would be an enormous rate of return, would it not? Yes?    Dr. de Rugy. If----    Mr. Grayson. Mr. Loris? Yes?    Dr. de Rugy. It would be.    Mr. Grayson. Enormous rate of return.    Dr. de Rugy. Yes.    Mr. Grayson. Right, Dr. de Rugy? Enormous rate of return, right? Can you identify for me anybody now operating in the renewable energy sector that could come up with $200 billion and do that?    Dr. de Rugy. But you are assuming that, for instance, if there is a market failure, which I don't concede there necessarily is in the energy market, that actually it a necessary and sufficient condition for the government to invest. The way the government invests because the decisions are driven by politics----    Mr. Grayson. All right, Mr. Loris----    Dr. de Rugy. --is actually----    Mr. Grayson. --would you like to answer my question?    Mr. Grayson. Can you identify for me a single company in the renewable energy sector that could raise $200 billion, even if it was to eliminate the cost of energy forever, one company?    Mr. Grayson. Which puts those----    Mr. Grayson. --out of business if they actually did that research.    Mr. Grayson. All right, thank you.    I yield back.