    Mr. Mickey. Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to provide testimony on approaches for reducing the cost of natural disasters. My name is Kevin Mickey, director of professional development and geospatial education at The Polis Center at Indiana University Purdue University Indianapolis, which has the mission of linking academic and community expertise to create strong and resilient communities.    I am here today as the chairman of the Multihazard Mitigation Council of the National Institute of Building Sciences, introducing a new and unique approach we have proposed for the incentivization of private property owners throughout the United States.    The United States Congress established the National Institute of Building Sciences in 1974 to serve as an authoritative source for both the public and private sectors to improve the built environment. To achieve its mission, the institute has established 18 councils that engage building industry experts in examining and developing tools, technologies, and practices to meet identified needs. The institute and its Multihazard Mitigation Council, or MMC, and Council on Finance, Insurance, and Real Estate have been particularly focused on opportunities to advance resilience and encourage the most cost-effective approaches to reducing the impacts of natural, as well as man-made, disasters.    As you are aware, there have been numerous efforts at developing increased building codes and standards, mitigation programs, scientific studies of best practices, and definitions of resilience. And yet we continue to find that the penetration of hazard mitigation into the private sector is spotty and woefully incomplete.    Now, this is not to say that these efforts have not been effective. As has already been pointed out, a 2005 MMC study showed that implemented mitigation strategies do indeed save on the order of $4 for every $1 spent. And currently, the institute is discussing with Federal agencies and the private sector a project to revisit this 2005 study and expand it to consider all Federal programs, the role of model building codes, and the benefits that mitigation provides to the private sector.    Recognizing the significant benefits achieved through proactive investments in mitigation, the limited funding available to support disaster mitigation response and recovery, as well as the anticipated increase in disaster events, a new approach is necessary.    The most cost-effective manner to achieve resilience is through a holistic and integrated set of public, private, and hybrid programs that capture opportunities available through investment and mortgages and equity real estate, insurance, finance, tax incentives and credits, grants, regulations, and enhanced building codes and their application. This focus on leveraging private-public sector opportunities to induce corrective action is called incentivization.    The incentivization approach calls for input, consensus, leadership, and action from a broad spectrum of stakeholders representing the financial, regulatory, and economic processes that need to be developed and coordinated to make incentivization part of the Nation's economic fabric. Participants should include those who offer incentives such as insurance and finance-related companies, lenders, and foundations, as well as forward-thinking communities and Government agencies and important decisionmakers that most definitely need to include homeowners, businesses, and utilities.    The MMC and CFIRE jointly published and developed a white paper entitled, ``Developing Pre-Disaster Resilience Based on Public and Private Incentivization,'' which provides a catalog of existing programs for different hazards that private and public sector stakeholders can evaluate and then modify or expand to develop incentives. The specifics of incentivization need to be tailored for new and existing construction, using optimal resilience measures beyond current law or custom, and to account for hazard risk, locality, business size, and the value of resilient strategies. One size cannot fit all.    Incentivizing the means to achieve resilience before disasters occur focuses on monetizing the benefits for incorporating risk mitigation practices in the ordinary course of business. Participating stakeholders need sufficient confidence that using incentives to achieve resilience will justify investments, underwriting, and loan and grant programs. The private sector will not undertake resilience investments just because it is sensible, but because it is economically prudent.    While my written testimony describes many opportunities for congressional action, I offer a few specific recommendations here.    First, every Federal dollar associated with construction, community development, and infrastructure must include a requirement that the latest building codes be met or exceeded.    Second, Congress and Federal agencies should examine all programs, particularly grant-making programs, to identify opportunities to support resilience.    And finally, Federal investments and programs should require investment in mitigation.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. Please consider The Polis Center, as well as the National Institute of Building Sciences as resources as you look to address challenges related to the built environment.    I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Mickey. I think just as importantly, we have to understand that the action of mitigation is not simply something you do to check a box and get FEMA to sign a check over and move on. It is something that needs to be a proactive, positive investment to incentivize, again, those communities we are promoting through the institute to take positive actions.    Mr. Mickey. Thank you for the opportunity to talk both about The Polis Center and, quite honestly, the State that I am very proud of, the State of Indiana.    Polis has been around since 1989. We have had 27 years of successfully linking community and academic expertise. Our goals are to build capacity in the State's agencies, the volunteer associations, the citizens of the State of Indiana, and so forth.    We have done a lot of work in emergency management, but the reason that we have been successful is not because uniquely of the resources in our center, but because of the atmosphere that exists in the State of Indiana.    Case in point, within Indiana we have had the privilege of working with the Indiana Department of Homeland Security to complete mitigation plans in close collaboration with the counties and cities and towns of the State of Indiana. The approach we take is highly collaborative. So, unlike many situations that we hear about where a plan is created and set aside on a shelf, if you would--which, unfortunately, I think does often happen--that plan becomes a living document, something that the community is engaged in, that people are brought to the table to discuss and be a part of. And I think that is a critical component of making mitigation a success.    Part of the reason that we are also successful--and something I am exceedingly proud of--is in the State of Indiana we understand the importance of information. FEMA created a tool that I am sure many of you are aware of a few years ago called Hazus-MH. And Hazus has become a very significant part of the portfolio of resources in the State of Indiana that we use, the technology that allows communities to estimate the impact of hazards, specifically floods, earthquakes, and hurricanes, and they are able to do that in a more profound and successful way by integrating local resources.    In my State I am happy to say that we have 100 percent of the counties that, even though they have disagreements, to be sure, they have managed to find a way to agree to share information. So anyone, anywhere, any time can go out to the IndianaMAP and download every single parcel in the State of Indiana: road information, hydrology information, and of course, hazard information. That information, combined with other resources in the State, makes it possible for our citizens to be much better protected and much better able to respond to disasters than others might be.    We have taken that success story, I am proud to say, to other States as well. We are very much about building capacity. We have worked extensively in the States of Georgia, in West Virginia, in many other areas. In total, we have worked in over 36 States, including, I believe, every one represented by members of this committee, and over 100 cities.    Building capacity means building tools, it means building work flows, it means, very importantly, education. And not just in how to do hazard analysis, but also what that means to a community, in terms of its long-term resiliency.    We believe firmly in connecting the fabric of the community to the solution. So hunger, homelessness, issues like that are just as important in understanding how a community will or will not be resilient to a disaster as understanding whether a building is going to fall down or stay upright. And we look at all of those things and try to bring them together in a synergistic way in conversations with a lot of people to take advantage of that knowledge.