    Mr. Weber. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director McCarthy, thank you for being here.    Mr. Weber. In your discussion with Randy Neugebauer, you said that Texas probably was the leading clean energy producer in the country----    Mr. Weber. --and I can tell you from being from Texas, having worked on the Environmental Reg Committee, that it is, wind industry.    Mr. Weber. And then you also said that you're not doing it because the Clean Power Plan requires it but because the market demands it.    Mr. Weber. So Texas--the Texas Legislature, the Texas energy industry if you will was a little foresightful in that regard, wouldn't you say?    Mr. Weber. They were----    Mr. Weber. Very foresightful.    Mr. Weber. And Texans are benefiting from that now, wouldn't you say?    Mr. Weber. Right, absolutely. So you would argue that--you would say--agree that the Texas Legislature had a legitimate purview and did the right thing for Texas constituents, and their constituents are benefiting from it? The reason I ask is because of the Clean Power Plan. Now 26 states, including Texas, which took the lead, by the way, filed a suit against the Clean Power Plan citing it as overreach----    Mr. Weber. --and the Supreme Court seems to have, at least for the interim, agreed. Would you agree----    Mr. Weber. They've--until they can look at it further.    Mr. Weber. So in staying it, what they've said is that apparently there's some merit here, we better take a look at it and not just remand it to the lower court decision?    Mr. Weber. Okay. So----    Mr. Weber. So, in essence, if the Texas Legislature has that kind of overview, purview, shouldn't Congress have the same kind of overview on the Clean Power Plan in those actions?    Mr. Weber. Well, I'm glad you recognize that. I appreciate that.    What I want to ask is that, last month, EPA released its proposed renewable fuel standard, the RFS rule, setting the renewable fuel volumes for 2017.    Mr. Weber. Now, under the proposed rule, the EPA requires 18.8 billion gallons of renewable fuels be blended into the fuel supply by 2017, which is actually an increase from the EPA's 2016 rule. The proposed rule increases biofuel volumes in every category, even though the United States is currently not on track to meet the 2016 targets. So here's my--right? You understand that?    Mr. Weber. So here's my question. Do you believe that the proposed RFS rule for 2017 is achievable?    Mr. Weber. I'm happy to hear you say that. The EPA's proposing to increase cellulosic biofuel volumes----    Mr. Weber. --by 82 million RINs even though the United States is on track to produce only less than half of the 2016 mandate. So if you've looked at it and you've proposed it because you think it can be done, you're proposing to increase the advanced biofuel volumes even though the trend suggests that on the current path we're on we're going to see a 380 million RIN shortfall in 2016. The reality is the EPA has proposed an increase in the RINs with no demonstrable way to meet that mandate.    Mr. Weber. Well, if we can't meet 2016 and you're increasing in 2017, how do you propose that to happen?    Mr. Weber. Well, let me just argue in the last minute that I've got----    Mr. Weber. --that I would say just as the Texas Legislature demonstrated its foresightfulness in helping be the wind-producing state that it is, how about Congress being given credit for having some foresightfulness, too, when we think the EPA has overstepped its bounds and is promulgating rules that are unrealistic? It ought to be up to us to point that out so that our constituents benefit as well, and I just want to make that point.    I do want to segue to a little bit different topic. It's come out that some EPA employees were using their personal emails for official business in an apparent effort to evade Congressional oversight. Now, in our estimation, this is a violation of the Federal Records Act. What do you intend to do about it?    Mr. Weber. So you're unaware of any violations in that regard?    Mr. Weber. Well, I didn't say systemic; I said any.    Mr. Weber. You're going on record today saying that you don't have any evidence of that in any of the Agency at all?    Mr. Weber. Does that also apply to the Pebble Mine investigation?    Mr. Weber. I'm talking about them using personal emails and corresponding.    Mr. Weber. Okay. So you are aware. That kind of contradicts what you said earlier, you weren't aware.    Mr. Weber. So you know that they potentially did it in the Pebble Mine incident but you haven't been able to find those emails?    Mr. Weber. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.