    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Many of us are often uncomfortable asking questions in this type of setting, because obviously we don't want to ask questions the answers to which should be kept confidential. So I encourage you in advance, if I ask you something that we should talk about in a different setting, that is an acceptable answer.    But I sort of feel like in Mr. Lynch in that I don't know if I get my hands around exactly what we are learning. So let's start with this. I am going to follow up on a question that Mr. Meadows asked of Ms. Archuleta, which is, he asked you if you were going to implement all of the IG's recommendations. You said you were working with the IG.    Whether or not that was a yes or no answer, I agree with Mr. Meadows, probably closer to no, so let me address it like this. Can you name for me some of the IG recommendations that you are pushing back against or that you are not interested in implementing?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay.    Mr. Mulvaney. And we get IGs in here all the time and that makes perfect sense. What bugs me, Ms. Archuleta, is that back in the end of 2014 they recommended, in fact, it was their third recommendation, that all active systems in OPM's inventory have a complete and current authorization. Your response to that was saying, ``We agree that it is important to maintain up to date and valid ATOs for all systems, but we do not believe that this condition rises to the level of a material weakness.''    Do you believe that your opinion on that has changed since November of 2014, Ms. Archuleta?    Mr. Mulvaney. I didn't ask you that. Do you still believe now, knowing what you know now, that that condition did not rise to the level of material weakness?    Mr. Mulvaney. I didn't ask you that, Ms. Archuleta.    Mr. Mulvaney. That is what frightens me, Ms. Archuleta, that this is the best of your ability.    Let me see if I can just get some summary information here as I go back and try to explain to folks back home. I have heard that it was just people in the executive branch. I open this to anybody who might be able to answer this. Are we still saying that the only people whose data was exposed were folks who worked within the executive branch of Government?    Mr. Mulvaney. Right.    Mr. Mulvaney. And I got that notice, Ms. Seymour. I got the notice and it says if you work in the executive branch or you have ever worked in the executive branch, then there is a chance they got your data, but if you have never worked for the executive branch, then you don't have to worry.    Are you still comfortable with that statement?    Mr. Mulvaney. And that is a fair answer. Now, the original number we heard publicly was 4 million. Is it still 4 million? I have heard 14 today a couple times. What is the current estimate of the number of current or previous employees who have been affected?    Mr. Mulvaney. All right, I have a question. I don't think it has been asked yet. I think it is for Mr. Ozment or whoever else understands the IT systems.    When we used to do this in the private sector, we used to differentiate between someone who had hacked into our system and someone who actually stole something form us, because there are two levels of involvement there.    So I guess my question to you, Mr. Ozment, is have you been able yet to make the distinction between just where the hackers were and they had access and things were exposed, and where possibly they actually downloaded data.    Mr. Mulvaney. Very briefly, Mr. Ozment. I appreciate that. I don't mean to cut you off and I wish we had more time to do that. Let me ask this one question. I heard about the data. I heard Mr. Lynch ask about the Social Security numbers. It sounds like that might have been exfiltrated. Health data. Do we collect health data on our employees?    Ms. Archuleta, if I come to work for you or for the Government, do I give you my health records?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay, so it is not----    Mr. Mulvaney. So it is not specific medications, it is not specific conditions.    Mr. Mulvaney. It is just who my health insurance company is.    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.