    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for allowing me to participate in this hearing.    It has already been said that it is not just what we are building but what would happen if we didn't build this, and I think it is important to keep that in mind. California is going to have a lot of growth. It needs to be accommodated. To try to meet that growth with airports and roads is just not viable.    I know also, before I ever ran for Congress, I was in local government, and I remember building big projects. It is easy to criticize, harder to build. When we built Highway 85 down in Santa Clara County, the section from 101 to 280 was done and it took decades to get 280 to the southern 101. So you do these in pieces, and that is just the way big construction projects go.    I just want to mention the 2016 draft business plan that was approved, because I think it is a knockout achievement. Not only does it reduce the cost for the initial segment, it is easier to get through that mountain range than the southern mountain range, and it will be so important economically not only for Silicon Valley and my district but I think also in the Central Valley.    In San Jose, traffic congestion is through the roof, and affordable housing is a big challenge. The median price of a house in the bay area in June was $751,000. The median price of a house in Santa Clara County last month was $1.045 million. So we are bursting at the seams, and the capacity to connect the Central Valley and Silicon Valley is going to help Silicon Valley survive, and it is also going to provide tremendous job opportunities for people who live in the Central Valley. It will take an hour to get from Merced to San Jose. My chief of staff lives in San Jose and it takes her longer to get from parts of San Jose to downtown.    So this is really going to be an economic lift-up for our State, and it is worth remembering that most of the job growth in the State of California actually occurred in Silicon Valley. We got plenty of jobs, and we are not shy about wanting them to go to people in other regions.    So, as someone said, there is high poverty in the Central Valley. I chair the California Democratic Delegation. Our delegation is very supportive of this high-speed rail project. We have cochairs of the Congressional High-Speed Rail Caucus, Jim Costa, John Larson and myself. So we are really very pleased with what is happening here.    Now, I guess we have a second round of questions coming up, but one of the things that I wanted to ask--and I think it is great that Ms. Feinberg is here. Thank you for coming once again. Mr. Denham, the chairman, asked for the California High-Speed Rail Authority's agreement with the FRA to be reviewed by the GAO last year, and it is my understanding that they have concluded that the California High-Speed Rail Authority has complied with its agreement with the FRA. Do you have any disagreement with that GAO conclusion?    Ms. Lofgren. So it is your testimony, then, that not only is the California High-Speed Rail Authority currently in compliance but they have been in compliance.    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you very much.    You know, I was interested, Mr. Richard and Mr. Hartnett--this is really an issue for up the peninsula, not in my district, but the intrusion on blended rail. We know that there has been an epidemic of suicides among teenagers, high school students, in the mid-peninsula area. I was pleased to hear that you are going to have some intrusion devices. Is it your belief that with the ability to stop these trains faster and these intrusion technologies, that we might have a better chance of saving these young lives?    Ms. Lofgren. No. It will come from the children themselves.    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you.    I see my time has expired, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Lofgren. Thanks very much. I think this hearing has been enormously helpful, not only hearing from the witnesses but hearing from my colleagues about some of the things of concern to them.    You know, there is a lot of construction going on in Santa Clara County for transportation right now per your comments, Mr. Chairman, on BART and ACE. We are building BART right now. We had the Secretary of Transportation out last week. The station is almost done in San Jose, and now we are going to the ballot in November with a proposal for county voters to tax themselves, renew their sales tax to do the extension down to the Dearborn station. Obviously, the voters have to decide, but it is polling at a very high rate. People are used to paying for what they get. The ACE train is about to be expanded, and then with high-speed rail coming in, we are going to have a whole system that will really help people get to work. The transportation system right now is at gridlock, and it is really a drag on economic development, in addition to being an annoyance.    Mr. Hunter, it was so good hearing from you that the men and women who are in the building trades build this country, build this State, and they are building these systems. We want to make sure they keep working on not just these transit projects but other infrastructure projects. I have heard the comment about off-street storage versus rail. We need both. There is growing consensus that it is not a partisan issue, that there is going to be a need for off-street storage. There is not a fight about that. There are issues we need to work through on where it is, but I noticed the San Luis Reservoir is almost empty. So it is not as if there is an immediate need. We have a terrible drought right now.    I want to ask you, Mr. Richard, you said you are going to fill in later with the jobs that are underway, but I would love to get, if you could off the top of your head, an outline of who is in the work, what has happened so far in the construction, who will be put to work, and where.    Ms. Lofgren. Not 46 vets but 46 businesses?    Ms. Lofgren. Let me ask you this. The chairman sketched a scenario that no one would find suitable, which is we build this to Madera and then that is the end of it. What is your answer to that scenario? Is that something we need to fear in your judgment?    Ms. Lofgren. I will close with this, Mr. Chairman. I represent the Silicon Valley. I think it is essential that we connect the Central Valley and the Silicon Valley. But my husband grew up in Bakersfield. When I hear people say, well, instead of going from nowhere to nowhere, I always think the people who live in the Central Valley think they are somewhere, and they are a part of our State's population.    So I yield back and I thank you again for inviting me here today.    Ms. Lofgren. I just wanted to mention that in terms of the subsidy, we don't know precisely but the tech companies, they have the Google bus, the Yahoo bus, the Genentech. I saw them coming off here on 280. In talking with the technology sector in Silicon Valley, they fully expect that they will be part of financing their employees on the system, and it would actually cost them less than what they are paying to get their employees to work now.    I thank the gentleman for yielding.