    Mr. REED. Well, thank you, Chairman, and thank you to our panel for this testimony. I am all in when we come to reforming our welfare program, TANF, all the various programs across the way. Because they're just not working. We've had years and decades of experience showing that throwing cash at this problem is not going to solve this problem. We need to do more. We need to do better. And so I am intrigued by some different proposals out there.    One of the existing proposals that's of interest to me, my former predecessor and a mentor of mine, a guy by the name of Amo Hoten, who sat on this Committee, was a proud sponsor and a creator of the Work Opportunity Tax Credit Program. Can you give me--and what that really is designed to do is to stand with our employers in the sense of trying to provide an opportunity by way of a job to individuals that are facing barriers to going into employment. Any feedback on the WOTC program that you could offer us that--anyone--to reform it, to make it more of the 21st century improvements that we could do on the Work Opportunity Tax Credit Program that you may have experienced? Anyone up there want to jump at that? All right, Mr. King. I'll give you a little time. Go ahead.    Mr. REED. Perfect.    Mr. REED. Okay, that's good input. So we'll continue to work on that. One bigger concept that I want to work on and focus on from the panel, the whole concept of the welfare cliff. The whole concept of you, you go back to work and you hit this penalty when you get to a certain level, a threshold. And essentially, what I've heard, talking to folks out in the real world, talking to people in Western New York, is that there is a real penalty that is either--it's in reality and it is recognized by people that are in the workforce.    I've had employers, in my private practice, before I came to Congress, I had an employee refuse a holiday bonus because her, her assigned worker at the county office told her, ``You take that bonus, you lose your penalties.'' How can that be America? How can that be America? That I had someone tell me they're going to refuse their holiday bonus because they're being told by their government representative, ``You will lose your benefit.'' We have to do better than that. So I'm very intrigued on concepts from the panel. And we'll start with Mr. Wilson and then Ms. Larrea, if I'm saying it correctly. How do we reform that welfare cliff? How do we attack that welfare cliff to stand with the American work ethic, to stand with individuals that are getting back on their feet? And what can we do? What would be your recommended course in that action? Mr. Wilson?    Mr. REED. Perfect. Ms. Larrea.    Mr. REED. I appreciate it. And when we're talking sliding scale, obviously we're talking about sharing the paycheck that an individual receives, they can keep a portion of that paycheck, and then the other resources get returned to the government operations. Because one of the things that resonates with me--and you said it--work teaches work, assistance teaches assistance. And I know an eight year old that I was a law guardian for, and I won't tell that story again. But essentially with my 15 and 17 year old at home, they only do about two percent of what I tell them to do. But 98 percent of what they observe. And so if we can get people back working, do you agree--like Mr. Brame, the story of Amy----    Mr. REED. Her kids said, ``It was you, mom, inspired me to go to college?''    Mr. REED. That's what I'm trying to do here in Washington, D.C. So I would--as I'm out of time, any input you have where we can reward that American work ethic, get people back on their two feet, and break that generational cycle of poverty that we see? With that I yield back.    Mr. REED. Amen, Mr. Brame.