    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Chairman. And thank you both for being here.    Again, I will try and get up to that line where I understand some of this may have to go into the classified, but after the 2009 Georgian incursion by the Russians, it became apparent to them, it looks like, that their armor wasn't where it needed to be, and there has been talk of how much they put into that and how much they have done.    I am curious about what you are able to gather from this, because we can gather that they have new main battle tanks and things like that, but putting an armored vehicle into the field is one thing, keeping it there is quite another.    I am more interested in what do we know about their maintenance or logistics, how do they do that, and are they doing it to a level that should be of concern?    General Stewart. Yeah. I think we probably should talk about this in a closed hearing, because they have systematically modernized, not just the weapons system, how they deploy and employ those forces and sustain those forces.    Mr. Walz. Very good. No. I appreciate that.    The only other thing I would say as we are talking worldwide threats and those things, General Stewart, and I was out to visit you, and several of us, where you made a statement that was pretty profound and stuck with me.    Some of our challenges worldwide and security challenges do start here at home, whether it is budgetary or, as the chairman has made a calling of, and I totally agree with him, on acquisition reform. And I think it is always important whenever we are discussing these capabilities what you need, we do have a lot of influence in that.    And your statement candidness on acquisition reform is something I repeat often and the chairman has pushed it. And I know this is a very hard lift, but I just wanted to reassure you, it is sinking, and it is obvious from the leadership and the chairman and many on this committee. So I thank you for that and do understand that as you have to think about all the things that are being asked about here, it does come back home to budgetary, it does come back home to acquisition, how fast you can field things you need to field. So I appreciate that help.    I yield back, Chairman.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Franks.