    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Director Rodriguez, it is good to see you here again. Welcome to the Immigration Subcommittee.    I am sure we will hear from you to the extent you are able to discuss security measures taken by the agency, especially in light of the news coming out of San Bernardino in my State, so I am going to focus on other elements that are part of your important mission.    As we know, a year ago, Secretary Johnson issued a series of directives, two of which have been held up in a dispute with Republican Governors. I won't address that because the Supreme Court is going to do so. I would like to talk about some of the issues that were not the subject of the litigation, specifically the parole program for immigrant entrepreneurs.    You know, one of the things that keep our country ahead of the game economically is the tech sector. And we have failed in our necessary effort to reform the immigration laws, which is really the result that is necessary. But the President was trying to think and Secretary Johnson was trying to think about things that could be done consistent with the current law that would make the economy work better, and one of the things was that parole program for immigrant entrepreneurs.    Now, a lot of companies that are household names are right in my neighborhood. Intel, Google, Yahoo, eBay, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, were founded by innovative immigrants. They now employ tens of thousands of people. And, according to new research, immigrants have created half of America's top venture-backed companies, and those companies, in turn, have created an average of 150 jobs each. And, of course, when you look at some of them, like Google, it is tens of thousands.    So I am concerned that we haven't launched the entrepreneur program. I am eager to know where that stands, and maybe you will be able to address it.    I just want to touch on an action that I found gravely disappointing, and I realize it was not primarily the USCIS, but that was the October visa bulletin that was mistaken. Many people, immigrants, relied on the bulletin, as is reasonable to do, to their detriment.    For example, I met personally with an individual who is a post-doc doing cutting-edge neuroscience research funded by the Federal Government, funded by the NIH. He was going to file for his permanent residence based on the priority date. He did not review his H-1B visa. Then the visa bulletin was amended, and he is nowhere. He is nowhere. It is crazy that someone who has been here for years, who we are funding, who may get a Nobel prize, is just nowhere.    And so I don't know how many people like him were disadvantaged, but I am wondering what efforts the agency has thought about just to ameliorate the harm done by that mistake in the bulletin.    I am concerned that the program really set up to avoid the rush of refugees across our border who have come through Mexico fleeing violence, the alternative to process refugee applications in-country has not really worked. I don't think any child has been admitted yet. And I am concerned. Whatever light you can put on that situation, I would appreciate knowing.    And I also would like an update on the technology efforts that the agency has been making. When the President was elected, we were almost entirely paper-based, and I think we have made some progress but not as much as I expected or hoped that we would. And I am hoping you will be able to give us--you know, if you have a FedEx package, you can track where it is, you know, if you are expecting delivery. We haven't been able to deliver that kind of customer service, and I think the American public would be better served if we could.    So anything you can give us on those topics. And I know that you will talk about the security issues that the Chairman has also touched on.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I see my time is about to expire.    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just picking up where the Chairman has left off, I will disclose that my office did call over and ask for a copy of the K-1 application, and we were advised that it was the FBI who had said, really, this needs to remain confidential at this point because of their investigation. And I accept that. You know, I want the FBI to be able to do everything it is supposed to do. When they are done, however, I want to take a look at all of it.    And so I think how long that investigation will take none of us can know. But I know that the Chairman, I am sure, would share my desire that, once it is over, let's take a look at all of it. We wouldn't want to jeopardize the ongoing investigation.    In terms of what USCIS does, the interview for--and not talking about this case, but just how one obtains nonimmigrant visa, be it the K-1 or H-1B or whatever, the applicant applies abroad, and it isn't USCIS that does the interview. It's the State Department, isn't it?    Ms. Lofgren. And you're not a law enforcement agency per se. What you're doing, in terms of the criminal element and checking it out, is checking with the FBI and the database and the like to see what comes up. Isn't that right?    Ms. Lofgren. Yes.    Ms. Lofgren. Of course. But you don't have an army of agents as a law enforcement agency. You rely on the FBI to do that.    Ms. Lofgren. All right.    So, in terms of the--if a person comes over on a K-1 visa, say, they have 90 days in which to get married to the American who has petitioned for them. What happens then?    Ms. Lofgren. So it's conditional, and the marriage has to prove valid.    Ms. Lofgren. And, after 2 years, then the couple goes in and they apply to remove the condition because they're still married, it's a valid marriage. Is that correct?    Ms. Lofgren. So, at that point, you are still interviewing to make sure that there is nothing that you can discover that is fraudulent or wrong, aren't you?    Ms. Lofgren. And so if somebody came on any kind of visa like that, there's, you know, many, many grounds for inadmission to the United States, whether or not you are married to an American or a fiance. I mean, if you have committed drug smuggling or if you are a human trafficker, you are not admissible to the United States, no matter what. If you are intending to commit a crime in the U.S. or you have terrorist ties, you are not admissible to the United States.    Ms. Lofgren. So the real question is not whether or not the law needs to be changed. That is the law. It's a matter of how that information is discovered and by whom.    Ms. Lofgren. I'm going to switch to another subject. There was a report both in Disney and Southern California Edison who were using the H-1B program to replace U.S. workers. It was pretty outrageous reports. And Secretary Johnson described it, and I quote, as a very serious failing of the H-1B program and that Congress could help put an end to this through increased enforcement mechanisms for situations where an employer does, in fact, replace American workers with H-1B visa holders.    What type of enforcement mechanisms do you think are needed to ensure that the H-1B program is not used to displace American workers?    Ms. Lofgren. Well, we may take you--I've got some ideas on that, as well. I mean, some of it is regulatory, but some of it is economic. And we might change the utility of that method through just the economic parameters of the program.    You know, I want to touch just--and I know that we're over, but the Chairman said I got the same amount of time, so I want to talk about the Special Immigrant Juvenile program. As we know, this category has been in the law since 1990, and it provides protection to children who essentially have been abandoned by their parents. The juvenile court in the given State is the one that makes that determination on whether the child before the State court has been, in fact, abandoned.    Now, although your agency is charged with combating fraud, I am hearing reports that your adjudicators are seeking evidence essentially to collaterally attack the decisions that have been made by State courts about dependency. And I am wondering, absent information about specific fraud, would that be something your agency should do? And what would be the legal basis for a collateral attack on a State court determination of juvenile dependency?    Ms. Lofgren. All right. That is very helpful information.    I see my time has expired, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just a couple of comments.    I note that the agency is now posting on the Web site waiting times in months. It's kind of like the visa bulletin for asylum cases. And it's backlogged in every office, but I can't help but notice that Los Angeles is twice as long as any other area. So I am hoping that efforts will be made to not particularly let L.A. Just completely fall off the cliff. Fifty months is--I mean, it's all too long, but that's really unacceptable.    I wanted to comment briefly on the open-source issue and also consolidating information on asylum. I remember the first asylum case I ever worked on was an Iranian who was in the United States when the fundamentalists took over and the Shah was deposed, and he was Jewish. And open-source data--I mean, they were machine-gunning Jews in Iran, and that was the key element to making his case. So the fact that there's open-source information doesn't mean that it's not helpful.    But I've always wondered why--and I'd like to, you know, suggest that this be done not only--it should be done in the immigration courts, as well--why don't we consolidate country information and update it, you know, every day?    I mean, you can read in the paper that last month gangs murdered all the bus drivers in San Salvador and left their bodies in the buses. You know, there's more information--I mean, there are things that are material that should be available and shouldn't have to be made part of the record in each and every case. Their background data and the assurance of the facts ought to be made available. And then applicants can add to it if they wish, but just the background data ought to be provided.    I wanted to mention also that discrepancies in an asylum case does not equal fraud. If you have a woman--as Sheila and I, when we went down to visit asylum applicants in Dilley and Karnes, and we met a lot of women, many of whom had been raped and abused. And, honestly, if you put, ``I was raped on X date'' on one document and a different date on another document, it doesn't mean you're making it up. I mean, you need further inquiry, obviously, but the fact that there are discrepancies when people are fleeing chaos and violence does not, per se, indicate fraud. And I think it's important to note that for the record.    I also was concerned by your comment that it's completely hands-off with officers making determinations. And I think it should be hands-off in terms of political interference, but officers can make mistakes, and there needs to be some way to correct it. Not that they're bad people, but I remember getting requests for evidence on whether a particular petitioning company existed, and it was Microsoft. And, you know, that doesn't mean that the application should be approved because there's a whole--but I could tell them that Microsoft did exist as a company.    We had to request for evidence on whether the job description of a former Prime Minister of a European ally of the United States was legit. I mean, these are things that were just boneheaded mistakes, and there's got to be some capacity to fix that, not just say, well, we can't interfere.    And I'm hoping that it's a management issue, more than anything else, to make sure that mistakes are made--every congressional office gets complaints, and each one of us has to respond and send them to you for correction. And there should be some way to deal with that in a systematic way that makes sure, obviously, there's not political interference but that errors are caught and corrected if that is the case. Because usually people contact us when they've run out--they don't know what else to do but call their Congressman.    And, finally, just a comment on the Syrian refugees and the amount of information available to them. I think comparing the Syrian refugees to the Iraqi refugees may be a mistake, because the fact is we know more about the Iraqi refugees than any other refugees ever, because most of them were our translators and they're people that we know firsthand, we have extensive contacts with them. I think the real comparison is a Congolese refugee or somebody who fled complete chaos where we don't have anybody on the field.    And so the challenge is, how do you find out the truth when you don't have--because the situation is so hazardous, you can't have American officials in the field. And the truth is you do that by creating crowd-sourcing, in a sense, I mean, by recreating an entire history of an area and then seeing if what the person is saying is true or not true. And we're going to make mistakes, but we're not going to be reckless in that decisionmaking either.    So I want to thank the Chairman for giving me the additional time so we'll be even. I would just finally note that if you read the Fifth Circuit decision on the administrative actions taken by the Secretary of Homeland Security, it was really focused on the Administrative Procedure Act and whether the Administrative Procedure Act applied in these discretionary actions. It wasn't really a finding of unconstitutionality. I just thought it was worth pointing that out for the record.    And, with that, I would yield back, Mr. Chairman.