    Mr. Loudermilk. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and witnesses for being here with us today.    I'd like to thank you for taking your time to come here and discuss this extremely important matter that we're facing.    Today, we're here to examine the big-picture challenge of the Renewable Fuel Standard and its impact on our country and the American people. Ten years ago, supporters of the RFS promised to put our country on a path to being cleaner, greener, and more energy independent in a time of heavy dependence on foreign oil and high gas prices. Back then, gasoline consumption was on the rise, America relied on foreign oil, and renewable fuels were just starting to become an option for consumers.    Fast-forward to today where the demand for gasoline is decreasing, our country is now considering exporting crude oil, and we know that ethanol and biofuels are not as clean as we once thought.    In the Committee's hearing on the RFS this summer, we heard testimony from Dr. Jason Hill from the University of Minnesota, who debunked the misnomer that corn ethanol is cleaner than regular gasoline. Dr. Hill acknowledged that while ethanol fuels generally burn cleaner than gasoline at the tailpipe, if you look at the lifecycle emissions of ethanol, you can see that the process of growing and fermenting grain, and distilling, distributing, and combusting ethanol releases far more of the five particulate pollutants that contribute to increased particulate matter 2.5 and ozone levels than gasoline. In short, corn-based ethanol is simply not cleaner than gasoline.    Dr. DeCicco, who joins us today, has conducted careful analysis of more than 100 related studies concluding that serious flaws exist in the government-sponsored modeling used to justify the RFS. It comes as no surprise that the Office of Inspector General for the EPA announced this month that they are planning to investigate whether the EPA complied with the reporting requirements associated with the RFS. The IG will also be examining whether the EPA appropriately updated the lifecycle analysis supporting the RFS with findings from studies mandated in the statute on the environmental impacts of biofuels. We look forward to their findings.    It is also clear that the demand today for biofuels is far less than the EPA anticipated it would be. In our last hearing we heard from CountryMark, a farmer-owned integrated oil company that sells E10, E15, and E85 fuel at its stations. This farmer-owned small business refiner cannot sell E85 to the very farmers who grow the corn used for the ethanol it's blended because there is no demand for this fuel.    It is also becoming clear that Americans are ill- equipped to make smart decisions about gasoline choices entering the marketplace. According to a recent study conducted by the Outdoor Power Equipment Institute, Americans choose to purchase gasoline based on price and simply don't pay attention to the warning labels placed at the pump. This results in consumers using fuels with higher blends of ethanol in lawnmowers, chainsaws, generators, and other small engine equipment that are not certified to use those fuels. This can cause damage or permanently destroy those products.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I would like to enter into the record a letter from Todd Teske, President of Briggs & Stratton, which outlines these points in further detail.    Mr. Loudermilk. Finally, I want to thank our witnesses today for testifying on the impact that the RFS has on the American people. It's time for Congress to make a change. When existing law is unworkable, Congress must listen to experts and adjust the law as it is needed. I hope that this hearing will bring to light some of the unintended consequences of the RFS, and provide guidance to lawmakers as we decide the future of this law.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back balance of my time.    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Real quickly, Mr. Coleman, what your profession? What's your education and your profession?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. And so you're an attorney?    Mr. Loudermilk. Is that--okay. And you work for--can you----    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay, the business council?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. Thank you.    Dr. DeCicco, your profession?    Mr. Loudermilk. You're a mechanical engineer. And who do you work for?    Mr. Loudermilk. Before I go into questions, is there anything you would like to respond to to the claims that Mr. Coleman has said?    Mr. Loudermilk. One quick question, I'm trying to get my hands around this carbon neutrality theory. And in layman's terms, the idea the model was based on is we're going to grow more corn plants, plants absorb carbon output, so therefore, the increased output by burning ethanol or producing ethanol would be absorbed by the increased production of corn plants. Is that a fair summary of the idea----    Mr. Loudermilk. --and have we--are we growing more plants to absorb?    Mr. Loudermilk. So it was used for other purposes? Okay.    Mr. Loudermilk. I see I'm out of time, Mr. Chairman. I think the world is turned upside down when we have the business community advocating for more government regulation and the environmental community advocating for not. So this is very interesting. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.