    Mr. Ribble. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for being here. I appreciate the work that you are all working on and doing this.    I happen to live in the Lower Fox River Watershed in northeast Wisconsin. I live on the shoreline, and so I have been able to see in real-time some of the improvements that are actually happening. And, Mr. Korleski, can GLRI funds be awarded to support partnerships between water systems and the agriculture industry?    And by that I mean you have got both point source and nonpoint source issues, and so can there be some combination of partnership there and the funds be used in an equal partnership with them together?    Mr. Ribble. So it is a bit of kind of an exploration of ideas, and you are looking at the best ideas, and if someone comes up with some type of program that makes sense to you all, that would be something you would take a look at?    Mr. Ribble. Are the hypoxic zones in Green Bay similar to the ones in Lake Erie?    Mr. Ribble. Yes.    Mr. Ribble. Yes. Basically keeping the nutrient on the soil and not in the water.    Mr. Ribble. Ultimately where they are needed to go.    Mr. Ribble. And, Mr. Kramer, first of all, I want to commend the work that your agency has been doing in Wisconsin and Lower Fox.    Mr. Ribble. One of the things I hear repeatedly from county executives in the entire Lake Winnebago, Lower Fox Watershed which drains into Green Bay is that they actually could use more conservation agents, whether they are agents that are on the ground at the county level or with your agency.    Can GLRI funds be used by county executives to increase agency partnership with working with agriculture?    Mr. Ribble. Because in this watershed, the one I am speaking of here in northeast Wisconsin, the 71 CAFOs , large farming operations, one of the highest density in the country, and around 1,500 to 1,600 smaller dairies, and there are a lot of animals in this area.    Mr. Ribble. And reaching out to that many individual dairy farmers is a tough task with the number of bodies there, but what I have experienced both with your agency and working with Wisconsin's dairy industry is that they are anxious to start solving this problem. They want to be part of the solution.    But for some of the smaller dairies, it does become an issue of resources. Are funds available for some type of joint sharing of equipment, for example, direct injection of manure into the soil as opposed to just mass spreading it using water as a carrying agent?    But that equipment is $80,000, $90,000, $100,000. Could it be shared by a county over a large area of land so that multiple farmers would have access to that type of equipment through the grant system?    Mr. Ribble. Sure.    Mr. Ribble. Yes, because when you look at the technologies available with low-till equipment, with direct injection of manure, the things that will actually keep the nutrient in the field, those bear a fair amount of costs.    Mr. Ribble. And then my final question, and then, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back. Mr. Gomez, in your report did you guys look at the efficiency of the funding?    In other words, how much money is going to just the administration of the fund itself versus how much is actually getting to specific projects?    Mr. Ribble. Was there obviously anything that we can do to reduce the indirect cost so that more of it actually gets to the ground is going to be a better use of this taxpayer funding.    Thank you, and, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Ribble. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mayor Dickert, it is good to have you here. I live up near Green Bay and had a chance to visit your city on many occasions in my 35 years that I have been traveling around the country and stayed as a commercial contractor.    My question for you, and I have got a couple questions for you if you do not mind, I have heard from the Green Bay Clean Water Agency as well as read in your testimony your concerns about the Interior appropriations bill in the Senate.    It sounds a little inconsistent. I wonder if you could help me navigate the inconsistency when you talk about opposing the language when they are asking for no discharge. Can you expand your comments on that a little bit? Because it seems like it is not consistent with the rest of your testimony.    Mr. Ribble. I thank you for expanding your comments that you had in writing here.    I want to also go a little bit further in your testimony. You mentioned the use of porous pavements and things like that in one of the projects. Has your city gone to the point of modifying your building codes to a 21st-century standard requiring porous pavements, parking lots, sidewalks, vegetative roofing?    Mr. Ribble. Things like that that would actually bring our construction practices into the 21st century as far as managing the water runoffs during high rain events.    Mr. Ribble. And I think it is really important because I often read language like is in your testimony where you say, ``I cannot emphasize enough that we all must be fully engaged and fully committed to water issues if we are going to succeed. You cannot do this halfway.''    I hear that a lot, but then when you do the deep dive on building codes, you see that they are not really fully committed. I would also suggest that to Mr. Wolking for the chambers to also be taking a look at how corporate America can be a partner in this issue as well.    It has to be all of us participating as agriculture, in dealing with the nonpoint source, endpoint source. If we all would actually move into the 21st century, we could preserve this very important chain of water.    So thank you very much for being here, and with that I yield back.