    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Administrator Slavitt, for joining us here in our committee again. I think it is important that we continue to have these types of discussions.    Certainly in the very early days of President Obama's administration the statement was made repeatedly that transparency would abound in this healthcare law. In many ways it was meant as a criticism to Republicans that boy, if your member is not on board with this everybody will know it; if your member is standing with the insurance companies and not with the administration everybody is going to know it because it is all going to be transparent. It is all going to be on C-SPAN, and then we found that it wasn't.    And in fact, even going back to 2009 when Henry Waxman was chairman of this committee, I submitted a resolution of inquiry asking for who was involved in crafting the things that eventually became known as the Affordable Care Act. And to my surprise, Mr. Waxman agreed about halfway with me and agreed that I should have seven of the 11 things that I asked for. I never got them, but it was a minor moral victory for me that I got Mr. Waxman's concurrence during that. And as we have gone on through this, time after time we bump up against things where it just doesn't seem like it all adds up.    So at this point can you tell me which person, official, office within CMS is responsible for interacting with HHS leadership with the White House on these reinsurance payments? Is there a single individual or office?    Mr. Burgess. Yes.    Mr. Burgess. You know the old saying, too many people in charge; no one in charge. Someone has to be in charge, so who would have been the person who picked up the phone and called the White House when it was seen that there were problems meeting your obligations?    Mr. Burgess. Could you research that for us and get us that information from 2014 who that person would have been?    Mr. Burgess. So outside of the formal rulemaking process did anyone outside the executive branch communicate with Health and Human Service leadership or CMS about prioritizing reinsurance payments or the resinsurance program generally?     Mr. Slavitt. Not to my knowledge. But again I wasn't here, but not to my knowledge.    Mr. Burgess. Multiple reports in the press during the years 2012, 2013, 2015 about episodes where all of the insurance executives were going down to the White House and meeting with the President and his team and Secretary Sebelius. Would there be any way the committee could know if these reinsurance payments were part of those discussions that occurred at the White House?    Mr. Burgess. Would there be any internal office memoranda that would have been generated by these meetings? Would the Secretary's office have responded to the White House with any emails? We need to see those types of communications.    Mr. Burgess. Well, again, we have asked for the production of some documents but what has been produced has not been particularly helpful. Are there additional documents that you are working on to provide to the committee?    Mr. Burgess. When could the committee expect to receive those documents?    Mr. Burgess. To me quite soon is April 18th because that is when our income taxes are due. Could it be that soon?    Mr. Burgess. You know it has been a repetitive problem in this subcommittee, and it is not just with HHS, as with Department of Energy during Solyndra where it just seems like there was a decision made internally to change the rules on behalf of the administration. And it is troubling, this committee continues to be troubled by that and unfortunately today's hearing is just additional evidence that we are not there yet as far as the transparency part.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back.