    Mr. Issa. The Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law will please come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    We welcome here everyone, and particularly our witnesses supporting International Antitrust Enforcement: China and Beyond, and I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    We convene today's hearing to examine the enforcement of competition laws across the globe but with a focus on how China is enforcing its laws. This focus is a result of troubling reports that China may be using its competition laws or, if you will, its antitrust laws, to advance industrial policy at the expense of America and other foreign companies. We will also examine how the executive branch has responded to China's administration and its competitive laws.    Over the past 30 years, China's economy has experienced remarkable growth, increasing at a rate of nearly 10 percent per year. During that time, China has become an important trade partner to the United States and a significant influence in the American economy. Between 1990 and 2015, total trade with China rose from $20 billion to $598 billion and, just last year, China passed Canada as the United States' largest trading partner.    China is the second largest U.S. agricultural export market, the third largest U.S. merchandise export market, and the fourth largest U.S. service export market. In total, China is estimated to be a $400 billion market to American companies.    While these statistics provide stark numbers, one need only look no further than the labels on phones, toys, cars, clothes, and a wide array of other consumer products to see a familiar marking ``made in China'' to understand the pervasive impact of China's economy in the United States. As China's economy developed, so did its laws and regulations designed to foster future growth. In 2007, China enacted its competition laws called the ``Anti-Monopoly Law,'' or ``AML.''    Since the AML's enactment, there have been troubling reports of China deploying the law in a manner that violates international norms of due process with the result of prioritizing the advancement of China's industry policies over promoting competition. These reports include allegations that China prevented foreign lawyers from representing their clients before competition authorities, threatened foreign executives during the course of competition investigations, targeted foreign companies more frequently than Chinese companies with respect to merger remedies, and conduct investigations pursued the extraction of intellectual property at below market rates, and sought remedies that directly benefited the Chinese industry.    Given the size of the Chinese economy and the importance to American industry, these are serious allegations. Following these reports, the executive branch has responded in a variety of ways. Notably, the Commerce Department has engaged with China through the U.S.-China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade and the Departments of State and Treasury similarly engaged in the U.S.-China Strategic/Economic Dialogue, which is taking place this week in Beijing.    Past meetings with U.S. officials have resulted in non-binding voluntary commitments by China to improve transparency, increase due process, and enhance the fairness of the AML.    We should ensure that U.S. companies are treated fairly, consistently, and objectively by international jurisdiction. Today's hearing will help inform the Committee regarding international competition law enforcement, particularly China, and whether other countries are influenced by China's use of the AML.    Additionally, the hearing will update us regarding how the executive agencies are coordinating with each other and engaging with China and other countries on the treatment of U.S. companies and citizens abroad. On a personal note, I was an electronics executive during the era in which many, many American companies found themselves moving abroad, often to Taiwan, the new territories, and then into Mainland China. During that era, this was not the law, and yet there was inherently a desire to build a future China. And to this, on a personal note, I want to build a better China, and commerce is the answer, but it's only the answer if in fact they embrace the international norms that allow them to win when they're competitive and choose other vendors when in fact the most competitive vendor comes from somewhere other than China.    I look forward to today's discussion and our excellent panel, and it's my honor to recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, for his opening remarks.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman. It's now my pleasure to introduce the Chairman of the full Committee for his opening statement, the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Goodlatte.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman for his opening statement and his comments.    If Mr. Conyers arrives, we'll take his opening statement in due course. But it's now my pleasure to introduce the distinguished panel here today. The witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in their entirety, and I would ask each of the witnesses to summarize their testimony within 5 minutes.    Since virtually all of you are pros, I'll summarize by saying, the red lights work just like they do on city streets. Please look at them for the same indications of go, go faster, and stop. To help you stay within that time period, please observe them.    It's now my honor to introduce our witnesses, but before I do that, in concert with the rules of the Committee, I would ask that all four of you please rise to take the oath. Please raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. Please be seated. And let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    It's now my pleasure to introduce Commissioner Ohlhausen.    Commissioner Ohlhausen was sworn in to her position as the Commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission on April 4th, 2012, to a term that expires September of 2018. Prior to becoming the Commissioner of the FTC, the Commissioner spent 11 years working for the Federal Trade Commission in various capacities, including Director of the Office of Policy and Planning and Attorney Adviser to the former FTC Commissioner Swindle.    She has spent a number of years in the private sector working on FTC issues and as a partner at the law firm of Wilkinson Barker and Knauer, LLP. The Commissioner earned her bachelor's degree in English with honors from the University of Virginia and her J.D. from George Mason, newly named Antonin Scalia Law School. I see somebody picked that up right away.    Our next witness, Mark Cohen, is a Senior Counsel at the United States Patent and Trademark Office where he leads a 21-person team focused specifically on the expertise of China. It's got to be a full-time job with just 21 of you.    Mr. Cohen has over 30 years of private and public sector in-house and academic experience in the China transition economies, serving in such roles as the director of IP for Microsoft Corporation and a counsel at the law firm of Jones Day, a Cleveland-based company of my youth, but worked in their Beijing office.    In addition to his position at the Patent and Trademark Office, Mr. Cohen lectures at universities in the United States and abroad, including Harvard, Fordham, and the China University of Political Science and Law. Mr. Cohen earned his bachelor's degree in Chinese studies from the State University of New York in Albany, his master's degree in Chinese language and literature from the University of Wisconsin, and his J.D. From Columbia. I'm impressed.    Next, we have Mr. Sean Heather. Sean Heather is the Vice President of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Center for Global Regulatory Cooperation, which seeks to align trade, regulatory, and competition policy in support of open and competitive markets. During his 16-year career at the Chamber, Mr. Heather has worked in a wide range of issues spanning from international trade and antitrust to tax technology and corporate governance. Mr. Heather is also the co-author of the Chamber's comprehensive report on China's enforcement of its competition laws.    Mr. Heather received his bachelor's degree in business administration and an MBA both from the University of Illinois.    Last and definitely not least, we have Professor Thomas Horton, professor of law at the University of South Dakota School of Law. Professor Horton transitioned to a full-time academic position following a 28-year career as an antitrust lawyer where he served at both the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, in addition to partnership at several major international law firms.    Professor Horton earned his bachelor's degree from Harvard, cum laude, his J.D. from Case Western Reserve University School of Law, right there on the near east side of Cleveland where he graduated with the Order of the Coif, and a master's degree with honors in Liberal Studies from Georgetown University.    Before I recognize the Commissioner, thank you Mr. Horton for going to Case. Everyone in my family either applied or went there. I went to Kent State. You can tell why.    Your Honor.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. It's now my pleasure to introduce the Ranking Member of the full Committee for his opening statement, Mr. Conyers of Michigan.    Mr. Issa. Without objection.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman, and hopefully we'll see the answer to that question as we speak.    With that, we go to Mr. Cohen for his opening statement.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Heather.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Professor Horton.    Mr. Issa. Could you pull it a little closer to you so we could hear you?    Mr. Issa. And make sure the light is on, the little button down in the middle.    Mr. Issa. There we go. Thank you.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    We now go to the gentleman from Georgia for his round of questioning, Mr. Collins.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman.    We now stay with Georgia and go to the Ranking Member, Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Issa. We'll now go to the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Bishop.    Mr. Issa. Without objection----    Mr. Issa . With unanimous consent, it will be granted.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman.    We'll now go to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman.    I'm going to follow up where that left off, though, Commissioner. China is part of the WTO, right? So any subjective, unwritten, we just win, you lose is subject to a challenge, isn't it?    Mr. Issa. Right. But you're an expert on unfair trade practices.    Mr. Issa. Right. But as the chief watchdog of consumer protection.    Mr. Issa. Domestically, what they're doing of injecting nondefined subjective standards is in fact the kind of manipulation that you investigate in private enterprises all the time to find out how these unpublished wrong selective interpretations go on, right?    Mr. Issa. That wasn't the question.    Mr. Issa. But I'll go to Mr. Cohen. The Federal Trade Commission regularly goes after people with false and deceptive practices, implying that you can win when in fact you can't. The WTO does require that there be essentially a transparent policy, and protectionism is inherent--not tariffs, but protectionism is inherently barred within the WTO, and the Administration, our government, can sue, as we are sued, if somebody believes we've crossed that line, correct?    Mr. Issa. So in the case of Mr. Ratcliffe, his examples. The example of this dialogue of antitrust being mixed with, we just want our companies to win, that in fact could lead to WTO action, couldn't it?    Mr. Issa. Actually, I wasn't talking antitrust. I was talking about other subjective standards that are causing determinations to be made that are inconsistent with the actual antitrust laws.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Let me follow up with this sort of a general question, but I think it's directed to the Commissioner primarily. Is it fair to say that active engagement--and I'll use a term that's my term, not yours--calling out China for its double standards on intellectual property and on antitrust, calling them out in a respectful way, but consistently and aggressively, if you will, at least behind closed doors, isn't that an essential part of what we have to do at a minimum to keep China's inherent policies from tipping the scales against us?    And I want to be careful. I'm not necessarily an expert on Confucianism, but it does appear as though China only does that which we push hard to make them live up to. Is that a fair statement somewhat in your estimation?    Mr. Issa. And you keep using the word ``respectful,'' and I think that's critical. This is a large trade partner, but I'm going to ask respectfully each of you to answer yes or no. Is it true that China is abhorrent in their respect for intellectual property both patents and particularly copyright and trademarks?    Commissioner?    Mr. Issa. Abhorrent was the word I used, but deficient, quite deficient by international standards. Is that fair to say?    Mr. Issa. Okay. Would you go further, Mr. Cohen?    Mr. Issa. And I'll go with the ``improving,'' but I'll stick with the ``abhorrent'' too.    Mr. Heather, you certainly represent a huge amount of companies that are constantly frustrated. Would you use the word abhorrent, deficient, regardless of improving below international standards of many developed countries?    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Horton, Professor Horton?    Mr. Issa. So we should speak regularly and affirmatively if we're going to go have them behave?    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman.    I now go the gentleman from Georgia for a second round.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. And I'll be brief the second round.    Mr. Cohen, you were shaking your head during quite a bit of that in a positive way, so I thought I'd follow up a little bit.    There is a government in China that looks out for China. Is it fair to say that two of the challenges businesses face, one of them is a Chinese centric, how do the Chinese view intellectual property? How do the Chinese view competition? Which is sort of a business-to-business one. And then there is the government's desire to, if you will, protect its progress. Used to be it's 10 percent, but whatever number it happens to state that it can achieve that. Is that fair to say that we have two pots there to deal with?    Mr. Issa. So when we have, as Commissioner Ohlhausen is dealing with, government-to-government activity, I presume that we're dealing then with two sets of problems. One is that which the government controls directly, which is their policy and procedures, their execution of laws, and then that which really has more to do with the very strong provinces and more local authority that often it's like pushing a string, in my own words, that you can't necessarily expect the government to control, but they can attempt to make a difference. Is that sort of a fair assessment of the China that we are dealing with that which they control, that which they influence?    Mr. Issa. Well, you know, there's a lot of lawyers here at the table. So isn't it true, as it was more than a decade ago when I was with the late Henry Hyde in China, that they have practically no lawyers educated in the sense that we think of members of the bar?    Mr. Issa. When I was there with Henry Hyde who made a major address, the number at that time was barely into double digits, sort of 10 percent of judges actually were lawyers. The court system was being administered by people who had not been trained in the law.    Mr. Issa. So it's risen?    Mr. Issa. So that's a good news statement.    Mr. Issa. Last question. I started with you, Mr. Cohen, and I want to follow up one more time. We, the United States, lead the way toward most-favored Nations and then WTO assert--ascension for China in the hopes that they would, after receiving it, then comply better with what they were not complying with ahead of time. And we talked about antitrust laws getting mixed with other noncompetitive or foreign competition, just waiting.    What kind of a grade would you give China on how well we achieve that goal by giving them WTO in hopes that they would live up to a standard you're supposed to have before you become a WTO member?    Mr. Issa. Okay.    Professor, as a Case Western graduate like my brother, who did get admitted, last question for the whole panel, for you, you see China and you have some serious doubts, and you were very outspoken in that. Is it fair to say, though, that disengagement would in fact, by definition, allow them to keep doing what they're doing? Engagement with some of the caveats that you presented here today is ultimately the answer for how we have our largest trading partner do better.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    In closing, I guess I'll own up to the fact that I made my first trip to Hong Kong as a buyer in 1982 and made several hundred trips before I retired to come to Congress. I have great respect for the Chinese people. I had great respect for the Hong Kong business model and the governance that they managed to turn into a world standard of best practices. I appreciate the fact that the Chinese think of things in 10,000 years. We think of things in our couple hundred years. And apparently, that's one of the reasons they're in less of a hurry than we are to achieve the goals. And I don't say that to be pejorative. I have great respect for where China has come so far.    But this concludes our hearing for today. I want to thank all of our witnesses. You were all incredibly good. I want to particularly thank the Chamber for representing so many companies who, by definition, would prefer to have the Chamber speak on their behalf than to speak individually.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses and additional materials for the record.    And with that, we stand adjourned.