    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Madam Chair. Good to seeing you. Thank you for being here. I find it interesting that there are fledging democracy that started with the Jasmine Revolution in 2011; the Arab Spring, the whole genesis of that. And then you see this fledging democracy building up, and things are going--what we would consider in the right way, and then we see the terrorist attacks that happened last summer and tourism is down 90 percent, the way I understand it and its kind of just floundering there and people aren't really flocking to get back there. And they have so much prime real estate, you know, from an American perspective looking at that. It is a beautiful part of the country.    If we look at that democracy and it is so important that we have a thriving democracy in there to show what liberty and freedoms can do. People that are striving to better their country like that. What have they done that is working, that we can learn from so that we can, you know, maybe have an influence or bolster that to effect, that they continue down that path? And what have they done that hasn't worked so that we don't make those mistakes when we are helping other countries that are fledging democracies that want to build from that?    And then a third question is, how much influence has the Muslim Brotherhood have in that country? And then I have got a couple more.    Mr. Yoho. Right.    Mr. Yoho. Let me get Ms. Longi to weigh in on this. And if you focus on what have they done wrong that we can learn from that?    Mr. Yoho. Is it like a security issue, you know? Do they have border security? Do they have to crack down harder other terrorist or terrorist threats? You know, if you are looking at that country to continue the growth of a democracy, if you--to look at it, what would you say they shouldn't have done this and we should correct this--or they should correct it. I don't want to help them correct their----    Mr. Yoho. Okay.    Mr. Yoho. All right. Let me go back now to Mr. Desrocher. If you can tell us what they need to keep doing to bolster that democracy growing?    You know, I know we need to worry about the terrorist threats and security and things like that. I mean, what would you recommend?    Mr. Yoho. Thank you.    Thank you, Madam Chair.