    Mr. Ballard. Good afternoon, Mr. Chair, and esteemed members of the subcommittee. Thank you very much for this opportunity.    My name is Tim Ballard. I am the founder and CEO of Operation Underground Railroad. I served for 12 years as a special agent for the Department of Homeland Security, where I served on the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force and the Sex Tourism Jump Team. I worked as an undercover operative infiltrating organizations at home and abroad who were in the business of abusing children, sexually trafficking them.    In 2006 with the passage of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act, Congress opened the doors for U.S. agents to better investigate these cases, especially internationally, and I was one of the first agents assigned to a team that would go out and use our undercover skills to infiltrate these organizations, looking for American travelers who were engaging in sex with children. I was proud to represent the United States in dealing with this horrific issue. However, I often felt helpless by the fact that the vast majority of the child victims that we would find fell outside the purview of the United States or for that matter any developed nation with the tools that could save them. Unless I could tie a U.S. traveler to the case, I would not be able to rescue the children, even the ones that we were able to identify as being victims. It is an issue of the sovereignty. It is outside of the jurisdiction, and I understood that. However, that doesn't mean that we couldn't be doing more.    As an agent, I once had the opportunity to work on a specific case in Colombia. I did my due diligence, and as a team we located children who were being trafficked. And again, we were told that if it was not going to end in a U.S. courtroom, that there were no resources available and there was little we could do except send a reference, and sometimes that is just not enough. And that was discouraging, and I grew frustrated being told no many times, though I understood, clearly understood the reasons why. Because of this I decided to leave and create Operation Underground Railroad, which we did last year.    We since went back to Colombia as a private organization, and as we have talked about and seen on the screens, we were able to pull off one of the largest rescue operations that we know about by setting up sting operations that consisted of ruse child sex parties. We were able to help the Colombians rescue more than 120 victims in 1 day. And to see these children, as young as 11 years old, to look into their eyes as they are tearful, scared to death, and knowing that they were lured out of this by various means.    This group in Colombia had actually hired a beauty queen from Cartagena who could lend credibility to their ruse and bring these children, and they told us as young as 9 years old, they started recruiting them to be models when, in fact, they were being sold and raped for money.    What is most interesting I think about this case in Colombia is that Homeland Security agents ended up arresting a American citizen named Dennis DeJesus. DeJesus caught wind of our fake sex party in Colombia and was heading down from Florida when U.S. agents arrested him. In the end, we got our American. Evidence concluded that DeJesus had produced child pornography and had traveled previously to Colombia in order to engage in sex with minors. DeJesus pled guilty to child sex crimes in a Federal court in Florida just a few weeks ago. This case proved that when engaging the problems of international child sex crimes, there is a good chance that a nexus to the United States will eventually be made.    However, I never would have be able to initiate this investigation as a U.S. agent due to the fact that the U.S. nexus did not appear until the end of the investigation. I also learned that once my team initiated this investigation, along with Columbian authorities, the U.S. Embassy and the Homeland Security Investigations, Bogota office, was more than happy to support the case. However, without our private efforts, the resources or the mandate to pull it off did not exist with United States assets. This is a matter of frustration to many of my former colleagues in the U.S. Government, these U.S. agents. They want to do more. They need resources to do more, more resources to do more.    The current approach by the U.S. Government to international child sex crimes could use some adjusting. More mechanisms need to be put into place so that the U.S. can better engage this problem. Oftentimes it feels like our policies and practices, though not our people or our Government agents, take a position that a foreign problem is simply not a U.S. problem. However, as the DeJesus case proves, when it comes to child sex crimes, this problem is international. And the fact that we are talking about child victims should cause us on a moral level to find ways to remove barriers that prevent international engagement. I have worked with many foreign governments, and I have never seen one that does not desire more U.S. involvement when it comes to these specific crimes against the most vulnerable souls on earth.    Speaking of International Megan's Law, H.R. 515, here is another opportunity, a wonderful opportunity, to attack this problem from a different angle. It will help bridge a serious gap. As a government agent, it was always frustrating to know that minus a crystal ball, it would always be a serious challenge to predict when a child sex traveler would cross our borders to engage in illicit sex with children. As quoted in the bill itself, legitimate studies have concluded that there are close to 2 million children in the world currently in the commercial sex trade; and the bill also points out that a significant amount of these travelers are from the United States. And I for one can testify, I know these stats are true because I have been working in this black market for more than 10 years.    In a sad commentary on our society, the reason our cover story has worked so well and has been so easily bought by perpetrators is due to the fact that we are Americans. These guys, these perpetrators are used to catering to Americans. They are used to selling children to Americans. This is an American problem no matter where on earth the child victim happens to be.    In this country we proudly work under Megan's Law as a means to encourage States to protect children by identifying and monitoring the whereabouts of child sex offenders. As a society we have accepted the fact that convicted sex offenders pose a great risk to children, and so we make their presence known. Of course, the question why would we not offer the same mechanism to our friends overseas? And I understand it has passed three times in the House. It is time to pass it in the Senate, and I hope that your colleagues in the Senate are listening, that they might hurry along.    We might picture a man who has been convicted of raping children in a foreign country. We might imagine that this man is coming for a visit to our towns, to our parks, and our neighborhoods where our children play. Would we not want to know this man's past? Of course, we would. And I assure you that our friends in other countries want this information as well, especially the would-be child victims of the crimes.    Advancing this bill is an opportunity to connect law enforcement agencies around the world by arming them with actionable intelligence that they can use to prevent child sex crimes from occurring. This bill talks about the Angel Watch Center. The Angel Watch Center will be a significant first step in bridging the gap between governments and nongovernment organizations like ours that have real experience in rescuing and rehabilitating victims of trafficking.    One of the great benefits of being an NGO is that it allows greater freedom for anti-child crimes experts to move about the world, plugging quickly into any government jurisdiction and rapidly bringing the tools to fight child crimes into the hands of government officials who need them. We are readily afforded access to information regarding child sex rings that is useful to combat these rings. One of the challenges for us of course is, establishing and maintaining direct relationships with government officials who need and want our services. Through the Angel Watch Center, this problem will be helped. This center will serve as a venue where a public-private partnership can more easily leverage all the intelligence, ideas, tools, and strategies to best protect children at home and abroad.    Speaking for my organization, we have physically rescued hundreds of victims in the last year alone. Advancing H.R. 515 and creating the Angel Watch Center, I believe, could double or triple that number for us, and that is just for us. Add to that the many other NGOs and other government agencies, foreign and domestic, that will participate in the Angel Watch Center, and we will be saving more children than ever before.    Let's not wait any longer to put this bill into law. The children are desperately waiting for us. I know this because I have seen them. Thank you very much for this opportunity.