    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you for having this hearing. It is a truly serious, serious issue. Some of my colleagues and I just came from a meeting with 91 people, the average number of people who die each day, each day from gunshot wounds in our great country, and they were all people who had lost their loved ones and been shot themselves. I mean, it was heartbreaking, absolutely heartbreaking.    And on June 21 in the city that I represent, New York, there was a van coming into the city that had a broken window so they stopped the van and they opened up the van and it was filled with machine guns, grenades, and a whole cache of weapons coming in to the city of New York.    So really I want to thank you for looking at the Federal firearms inventories. I think it is important. But I would say it is a small drop in the bucket given the amount of guns that are in our country. Believe me, if guns made people safer, we would be the safest nation on earth. And one report showed that since 1968 our country has lost more men and women to gun violence than we have lost in all of the combined wars that we have experienced, including the great war for our independence that we just celebrated last weekend.    So I want to talk about this, and I am glad you are looking at it, but I think it should be looked at in a broader way. The Department of Homeland Security is the largest law enforcement agency in the country, and of the 21 agents responding to it, the agencies responding to the Department of Homeland Security, they reported the highest number of lost, stolen, or missing weapons was an average of 69 per year. Now, that is important, but there may have been 69 weapons in that van that they stopped going into New York. I mean, it is a huge problem. In contrast, over 230,000 guns are stolen each year during burglaries from private citizens.    So I would like to ask Mr. Horowitz, given these numbers and given your investigative experience searching for solutions to problems, would you agree that non-Federal firearms also affect our communities?    Mrs. Maloney. Well, actually, some of your agents testified before this Congress several years ago and asked for us to make trafficking in guns illegal, make it a felony. It is not even a felony now. How dumb can we be? And to increase the penalties on straw purchases. And they said, look, we want stricter gun enforcement laws to protect ourselves. This one agent testified that they don't even bother to go after gun traffickers because there is really no penalty. It is not even a felony.    So, you know, straw purchasing is buying guns for people who are prohibited from purchasing them. And in 2000 the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms examined its gun trafficking investigations and reported that straw purchasing from Federal licensed dealers was involved in nearly half of the ATF investigations studied and connected to over 25,000 firearms.    So I would like to have this report entered into the record, which I think is called ``Following the Gun: Enforcing Federal Laws against Firearms Traffickers.'' Could I have unanimous consent to place it in the record?    Mrs. Maloney. And this point out that straw purchasers and trafficking is a huge problem, and the chairman and I--not the chairman but the ranking member--we hope the chairman will join us--but the ranking member and a number of us on this committee introduced legislation making trafficking in guns a felony and increasing the penalty for straw purchasers. This would make our agents safer. This would make our people safer.    And I just am really imploring my colleagues to not only follow up on this important report that has been done but to also respond by supporting this bill. Practically every law enforcement group in the country endorsed it because it said it would make their agents safer.    And we are in an epidemic. We are losing too many people. I had to leave a speak-out of mothers and fathers who had lost their children dying in their arms from gunshot wounds because it was too horrible to listen to. And it is preventable if we could just crack down not only on the number lost from the agencies but the number stolen from homes, the number that are given to mentally ill, deranged terrorists, people ----