    Mr. Michel. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Hunter, Mr. Garamendi, and members of the committee. My name is Keith Michel and I am president of Webb Institute, a college that focuses on naval architecture and marine engineering. I spent 40 years designing ships and--but I am here representing a National Academies' committee that was a committee mandated by Congress and tasked by the U.S. Coast Guard with evaluating whether Coast Guard regulations are an impediment to the competitiveness of the U.S.-flag fleet.    The committee met once, heard from industry, and had many discussions amongst committee members. And we came out with the conclusion, as was mentioned earlier, that--or the finding that Coast Guard is not an impediment to competitiveness. The reasoning was that we found if you consider the increased costs of U.S.-flagged ships over their international counterparts, the percentage of that increased cost that we could attribute to the Coast Guard was less than 1 percent.    Having said that, we found there were a number of areas where Coast Guard could improve processes and further reduce costs. So the report concentrates on that.    There are nine recommendations. The first three relate to the Maritime Security Program. That program was put in place quite a few years ago, with the intent that there be a seamless transition from international flag to U.S. flag. And there has been some challenges with the program, as we have heard from industry. The cost of reflagging is in the range of $500,000 to $1 million. It includes about $250,000 related to requirements over and above the IMO related to engine room alarms and systems. So there is a significant cost in that transition.    Once a ship is in MSP there are ongoing costs related to the fact that--at least originally--the Coast Guard implemented the CFR, rather than the alternative compliance program. So there were issues with the cost of following the CFR, and especially involving replacement of equipment when it was required to be Coast Guard type approved equipment.    And finally, there were concerns with the MSP program. Coast Guard initially required that ships run with a watchstander in the engine room for up to 3,000 hours upon transition. These are ships that were operating in the international fleet without a watchstander. They had already been approved for unattended engine room operation, and had been operating that way. With the requirement that the watchstanding occur for up to 3,000 hours, that is an additional cost burden on the shipowner because that person could have been doing other work, maintenance work.    The Coast Guard in May of 2015 made a number of changes. They have softened the impact of the reliance on CFR by allowing what they call MSP Select. After 3 years a ship can largely follow the ACP processes, which are more efficient. The committee recommends that be the case immediately, rather than waiting 3 years.    The committee also recommends the Coast Guard look at, rather than using Coast Guard-type approval for these vessels, they consider allowing classification society approval for equipment. Again, these ships are built under international registry, the systems are all in place. And when you have to replace it with a Coast Guard--due to maintenance, if you have to replace equipment with Coast Guard-type approved, it can be quite costly.    So those--and also the committee recommended that the requirement for watchstanding be reduced to 1,000 hours, and that consideration be given to eliminating it altogether if the crew is familiar with that particular ship and its automation systems.    So those were three recommendations related to MSP. There were a series of other recommendations. The committee recommends that Coast Guard, with assistance from industry, look at the CFR regulations and do a risk-based assessment. That is a very extensive effort. It is recognized that will take time, so we recommended the Coast Guard prioritize and, working with industry, determine which of the regulations are most burdensome.    There is also a recommendation that, in general, Coast Guard reconsider the equipment type approval, which can be quite burdensome on shipowners because most equipment is not U.S.-type-approved. The reason being the U.S. market is relatively small. And so if construction could use more of the internationally approved equipment, and if Coast Guard could rely on the approval processes of classification societies, the committee felt that would be more efficient without compromising safety.    And finally, the committee recommends that Coast Guard rely even more on classification society and have less redundant inspections, but that it enhance its audit program over class. Again, this has become an issue after the committee met more in focus because of the El Faro accident. The Coast Guard is evaluating how well its whole ACP process is working. So we understand that this recommendation will have to be evaluated, taking into consideration what the Coast Guard learns from its El Faro evaluation.    And so, those are the key recommendations. There were a few others in the report that--the report, again, is available on the NAE Web site. Thank you.    Mr. Michel. Yes. What it is is we evaluated, for a typical container ship, the increased cost of operation. And we determined the dominant factor is crew cost. Crew cost--U.S. crew cost is about five times international crew costs.    Mr. Michel. I think industry is better to answer it than me----    Mr. Michel. But, you know----    Mr. Michel. Yes, I----    Mr. Michel . I--you know, I think there is probably a variety of reasons. You know, the higher standard of living is obviously part of it. Maybe there is less competitiveness with the unions and the shipping companies. There is a number of reasons. But it is substantially higher. And it is the dominant factor.    If--so again, we estimated if you look at the increased cost alone versus total operating cost, crew costs were roughly 57 percent, whereas the next most significant item was, as I remember, P&I insurance is higher because of the way the Jones Act treats accidents on ships. And the drydocking costs are higher because there is a tax if you do your drydockings overseas, and they are much more expensive in the U.S.    Those three--and then Coast Guard was only 1 percent of the additional cost that we attributed. So it----    Mr. Michel. It is significantly reduced over time. Again, the ACP----    Mr. Michel . Program--what is that?    Mr. Michel. You know, I would guess it was 10 times higher than that. It is significantly lower.    And likewise, we looked--we talked to shipyards in the U.S. about the cost of construction and the Coast Guard impact on that over and above if they were working towards an international flag. And there, as I remember, it was about 1 percent of the cost of construction was related to the increase--the requirements of the Coast Guard over and above other international standards. So it is significantly reduced.    Mr. Michel. No, I feel the numbers are good in our report. The--it is not insignificant. The cost of reflagging at $1 million, taking 3 days, when if you were reflagging the other direction it would be 1 day and a fraction of the cost. It is not insignificant. But compared to the total increased cost of a U.S.-flag operation, it is not a major part. And so we didn't consider it an impediment to U.S.-flag competitiveness.    We have nine recommendations because we feel there is a lot of room for the Coast Guard to make further improvements and reduce costs. But it is not what we would call an impediment, because it is a very small percentage of overall increased costs.    So industry has a--you know, again, a strong position that--we have to be very careful about redundant inspections, about CFR requirements that require type approval and keep them from using current best available technologies and the most cost-effective way--Coast Guard needs to look at those type of issues. But when we add it all up, the numbers in the report are robust. That is a good estimate of the cost. It varies ship by ship, of course.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Yes, sure, thank you. And I just want to highlight the point that perhaps some of the estimates pertain to relative costs. And I am anxious to hear from AWO and others in the next panel to understand that disconnect.    Admiral, the Academies' report notes that significant improvements have been made in regard to efficiency, environmental improvements, and I think helping reduce costs of regulatory compliance. Does the Coast Guard meet on a regular basis with stakeholders to discuss with them their perspective in regard to compliance and ways to comply with regulations and ways to perhaps update existing regulations?