    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am anxious to hear from our witnesses, so I am going to try to be brief.    First, congratulations to you on continuing the chairmanship. We have developed a very cooperative and cordial working relationship, and I look forward to continuing that. And thank you for the support on the issues that I care about--and, obviously, you do, too.    The maritime policy matters. It is our most--it is our national economic interest that we should act upon. As the world's largest trading nation, the United States exports and imports annually, in value, about one-fourth the global merchandise trade, approximately 95 percent of America's foreign trade: 1.3 billion tons moves by ships. Based on current projections, by the year 2020, U.S. foreign trade in goods may grow to four times today's value, and almost double its current tonnage.    Additionally, our inland waterway traffic will increase by one-third, providing new economic opportunities in the U.S. farmlands. The economic potential is there for all of us to see, but so are the challenges, such as solving the port congestion issues, finding new cargo to grow the U.S.-flag fleet, and U.S. foreign trade, and developing new incentives to expand and diversify the U.S. shipbuilding industry.    That is why we should not be shooting ourselves in the foot at a time when we should be ramping up our investments in our maritime agencies and in the U.S. maritime economy. But, unfortunately, we seem to be doing a lot of shooting towards our own feet.    If the House fails to pass before February 27th either a clean fiscal year 2016 appropriation bill for the Department of Homeland Security or extending the continuing resolution to provide funding for DHS agencies, including the United States Coast Guard, we will be unnecessarily creating short-term havoc with potential long-term repercussions. This makes no sense, especially in light of the heightened terrorism potential.    The Coast Guard is our first, our only line of defense protecting the U.S. maritime boundaries from all the threats abroad. It is irresponsible to subject the Coast Guard to a partial shutdown and ask active-duty coastguardsmen and coastguardswomen to work without pay simply to express a hard-headed disagreement with the administration over immigration policy.    In closing, Mr. Chairman, the Coast Guard prides itself on being semper paratus, or always ready. That is a fitting model for a very proud institution. Perhaps we ought to use that one ourselves. I hope, ultimately, that common sense might prevail, we can get past the current crisis of funding, make sure the Coast Guard has adequate funding, and our maritime industry is supported and given the opportunity to grow. Too much is at stake. We have our necessity to get our work done.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you, yield back.    Mr. Garamendi. Mr. Chairman, I think you have started a very good practice. Those who--you and I are always here, and we have time for our questions. I would like to pass my time to Member Hahn.    Mr. Garamendi. I yield to Mr. Cummings.    Mr. Garamendi. Mr. Chairman, thank you, and I thank my colleagues for their questions. Many of the questions that I was going to ask have been asked.    But I want to follow up, Mr. Jaenichen, on the discussion that you were having with regard to the merchant marine, the critical role that it plays.    And also, Admiral, in your opening statement, you mentioned the issue of LNG. We will be shipping LNG offshore this year, actually. Cheniere will begin its process. I think you are all aware of my particular interest in this. It may take 100 LNG ships to handle just the Cheniere shipments. The issue of safety is of utmost importance. We know that, under current law, imported LNG must be handled by American sailors, merchant marine. We passed a bill last year in the Coast Guard authorization that authorizes the Secretary to have discretionary authority on export.    Mr. Jaenichen, what is the status of that discretionary authority? How will it be used with regard to the export from the Cheniere facility in Texas?    Mr. Garamendi. Specifically, having looked at all of that, is it the policy of the administration to encourage the construction, the building of LNG tankers, in the United States? Is that your policy, or is it not?    Mr. Garamendi. Well, let me be very clear where I am coming from. There are three critical national security elements involved in the LNG issue. First of all, the natural gas itself is a strategic asset of the United States. It has led to the repowering of many of our electrical power plants. And it has allowed us to have a significantly lower energy cost than many of our competitors. It is a strategic asset here, in the United States.    Secondly, the shipbuilding industry is absolutely critical to the Coast Guard, to the U.S. Navy, and to the--what remains of the American merchant marine.    Thirdly, the merchant marines themselves are critical. We have seen the discussion part of it today, that the merchant marines are absolutely critical for the--that is not only the mariners, but also the ships critical to the national defense. Ninety percent of military supplies are by ship. I do represent Travis Air Force Base and the Air Mobility Command. We love C-5As and 17s. However, that is a small percentage of the materiel that needs to be moved around the world.    So, we have three critical national security elements involved in the LNG trade. We should require that all LNG exported from the United States be on American ships, so that these three elements of national security are enhanced.    A lot of mariners would be put to work. You mentioned the number of mariners that have lost their jobs: 2,000 in the last 3 years. They could be on these ships. The shipbuilding industry can build these ships. They are going to take time to gear up, perhaps 3 to 5 years. So there would be a phase-in period of time for the LNG ships to come online.    And, finally, it is a security issue. The chairman may have stacked the deck a little bit by mentioning Yemenis and Somalians and others that might be on these ships. And, in fact, perhaps they are on the ships, we don't know. But we do know that every American mariner is licensed. And we know who they are. We have their thumb prints, we have their identification. And all of these volatile cargoes, at least in American ports, in and out, ought to have American mariners.    That ought to be our policy. And that ought to be your policy, Mr. Jaenichen. And you should ask for nothing less. And the Coast Guard should be equally certain, since the safety of our ports is your business, Admiral. So, having done that, I want to hear specifically where you are, Mr. Jaenichen, in this process. I know you are not going to get it today.    Next, I am going to take just a few more minutes, if it is OK with you, Mr. Chairman. The National Maritime Strategy was supposed to be delivered to this committee last week. Where is it, Mr. Jaenichen?    Mr. Garamendi. Let me guess. Stuck in OMB. Is that correct?    Mr. Garamendi. So it is stuck in OMB.    Mr. Garamendi. Well, we will see if we can pry it out of OMB. I assume that you have worked with the Coast Guard on this strategy. Is that correct, Mr.----    Mr. Garamendi. I suspect that the Chair and I would be interested in having a conversation with you about the general issues that are in the current strategy. We may have some views ourselves. So I would appreciate that conversation.    Next, P.L. 480. I understand that USAID, OMB, Departments of Agriculture, Transportation have been involved in negotiating some sort of a new P.L. 480 program. Is that correct?    Mr. Garamendi. My understanding is also none of that information has been shared with the people that actually write the laws--us. So when do we hear what the new strategy is?    Mr. Garamendi. Well, we have two critical issues here that are kept secret from the Congress. Not a good thing to do. It is kind of useful to brief us along the way. You can get some input from us, may give better direction, more likelihood of something actually happening. The fact that it hasn't been done is disturbing.    If I might, Mr. Chairman, there is one further question, and this is to the admiral, and it has to do with your new airplanes that you are getting from the Air Force. Neat little things, the C-27J models.    Do you have any money to upgrade those, and to make them compatible with the Coast Guard requirements?    Mr. Garamendi. Let me guess. The continuing resolution makes it impossible for you to actually do the work?    Mr. Garamendi. I do like the word ``Sacramento.'' My understanding is that they are to replace the C-130J model, or H model.    Mr. Garamendi. OK. As the C-27s come on board, they are not all coming at once; they are going to be spread out over 3, 4 years. Is that correct?    Mr. Garamendi. OK.    Mr. Garamendi. Is there a hiatus and, therefore, an insufficient number of aircraft, depending on the timing of the arrivals of the 27s?    Mr. Garamendi. So there is or is not a gap?    Mr. Garamendi. Where will that gap be?    Mr. Garamendi. I would like to get into this, a little more detail about the gap. The Forest Service will not be able to use those airplanes immediately, because they have to be reconfigured for this--for firefighting. And it may not be in the interest of drug interdiction and long-range surveillance that a gap exist at all. I think I can go on and on with a whole series of questions here about that issue, but I would like to get some more detail on that.    A final point is that I--last week I was with the President of Panama, and had a discussion with him about their desire to work more closely with the Coast Guard. And actually, he was willing to establish some sort of a station and facility in Panama that would be available to the Coast Guard to be used. I know you have some facilities there now, but there would be a possibility of a more integrated facility.    And, finally, back to Port Hueneme. The Navy will be flying its Poseidon version of the Global Hawk out of Port Hueneme, and they will be doing exercises in that area, training exercises. That piece of equipment observes the ocean well. I would like to have a discussion with you about using the Poseidon information in the training, as they observe the southern California coastal area. Might find it to be useful.    Thank you very much. Yield.    Mr. Garamendi. I want to thank the witnesses for their testimony today, the work that you do. We ask some questions. Some of them seem to be tough, but all of them are very important, and I want to thank all of you. I am going to have to slip away to attend another hearing over in the Committee on Armed Services. So thank you very, very much.    Mr. Chairman, I yield.