    Mr. Larsen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would have questions on the K-46, but other than you all, the folks, good men and women on the line at Boeing, and me, we are all probably living and breathing it every day. And I know what I need to know on the 46. So I won't ask any more questions about that.    I do have a question, just one, Mr. Chairman, on subject matter in your testimony on the B-52 and the length of time we are expecting it to, as a platform, to stick around, and combining that with all the discussion we have on A2/AD environments.    And, so, if you could talk a little bit, maybe more clearly or any more details, specific detail about the B-52's role in the future in an A2/AD environment and from standoff and what we expect to be able to invest in it?    General Holmes. Thank you, Congressman. I will start and see if Arnie has anything to add.    Mr. Larsen. Yes.    General Holmes. You know, we think we can fly the B-52 through about 2050. And we think that we will probably need to. We need a mix in penetrating and standoff platforms in our bomber fleet.    And the B-52, for all the talk we do about its age, is an amazing platform. It has held up and met the test of time. It is a testament to the airmen, both civilian and uniformed, that keep it working in the depot.    We are committing money to upgrade their radar, in the B-52, to make sure it will continue to be useful to us. We are adding a tac data link, so it can communicate forward with the other forces that are out there.    We are going to do a crypto modernization program in this budget, and we funded upgrading the simulator to where crews can practice air refueling in that simulator, instead of having to spend money to go out and fly, to do that requirement and do it more often.    So, again, to come back, we think we will need a mix of both standoff and penetrating platforms. And, particularly, for the long-range scenarios out in the vast reaches of the Pacific, the B-52 is going to continue to be valuable for us for quite a while.    Mr. Larsen. Thanks, General.    General Bunch. And I will add one item. The other one we are doing is, we are doing an internal weapon bay upgrade to allow it to carry J-series weapons, so that it can have more capability even than it does at this time.    It has the ability to carry those externally, but we are incorporating that into the internal bay, so that it will have more capacity and capability than it even has today. And I am a lover of the B-52. That is the first operational plane I flew, many days ago. So I am happy to see it moving forward.    Mr. Larsen. So just a followup, can you talk any more specifically about, with regards to those upgrades, about standoff weapons that become more of a----    General Bunch. Well, any of the J-series weapons that the aircraft can carry will have to go through the certification to ensure that it will clear the weapons bay and everything. But JDAMs or other weapons that we would normally carry externally, we will be able to carry internally. So it is the ones it is already certified to carry. It just gives it more capacity to be able to carry them internal as well as external.    Mr. Larsen. Yes. Thanks.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.