    Mr. Olson. I thank the Chair.    I know all of us have former Chairman Dingell in our prayers. He is in the hospital with a heart issue, but he'll be fine. He was quoted in the paper yesterday saying, ``Being old sucks.'' But please lift him up in your prayers.    My first question, Ms. McCabe, is when fully rolling, EPA wants existing coal plants to hit a standard of 1,305 pounds of CO<INF>2</INF> per megawatt hour. That is pretty aggressive. It's a nightmare for some States, and expensive for rate payers. But here's what I find more stunning: Your standard for new plants is 1,400 pounds per megawatt hour. In other words, your new rule says existing coal plants have to be even cleaner than a brand new one.    People I've talked to back home said they've never seen this. They know that it's harder and more expensive to retrofit a plant than to build a new one from scratch with the best controls.    Don't you agree that it's unusual to make these rules tougher for existing plants than new ones? Has EPA ever thought it's oK for newer to be dirtier?    Mr. Olson. Ma'am, people back home respectfully disagree, but one other question which I'd like to ask with my remaining time is, according to IEA, current global emissions of carbon are somewhere around 36 billion tons per year, that ballpark. Others say it's closer to 40 billion tons per year. Either way, we know America is not the top source. As billions of people in developing countries get their first cars, their first light bulbs, it will keep rising.    EPA's analysis says the way to approach this rule, reduce carbon emissions by 232 million tons per year in the next decade. I'm just an old Naval aviator who did math on a knee board with a lead pencil in my airplane, but my rough math says if we hit that goal tomorrow, we'd decrease carbon by .065 percent, or 0.58 percent. The world's exposure of carbon will dwarf our reductions. The main reason for this rule is climate change. Is that correct, yes or no, ma'am?    Mr. Olson. So, how do you think this rule will impact global temperature?    Mr. Olson. How does it affect sea levels, ma'am, going up, down, I mean, how do you know?    Mr. Olson. One final question. Am I safe to assume that EPA could revisit this new source of rules in the future, and that rules on natural gas plants might get tougher like coal today, natural gas lumped in with coal in the future? Could that happen, possibly?    Mr. Olson. I'm out of time. I close by saying Go Astros. I yield back.