    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Thank you. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, good morning. My name is Ann Barron-DiCamillo. I appear here today to talk about the role that my organization, the United States Computer Emergency and Readiness Team, known as US-CERT, played in the recent breaches involving OPM.    As stated by Ranking Member Cummings, Assistant Secretary Dr. Andy Ozment, is also here with me to answer any questions.    Like many Americans, I, too, am victim of these incidents and concerned about the continued cyber incidents at numerous government and private sector entities. I am a career civil servant who has worked to improve the security of critical government and private sector networks for the past 13 years. I understand both the scope and the problem we face and the challenges in securing critical networks.    Cybersecurity is a true team sport. There are many different agencies responsible for aspects of cybersecurity, including members of the intelligence community, law enforcement, the Department of Homeland Security, as well as individual system owners, and individual end users as well. My organization within DHS, the US-CERT, is part of the National CyberSecurity and Communications Integration Center, also known as an NCCIC.    US-CERT focuses on analyzing the evolving cyber risks, sharing information about threats and vulnerabilities, and responding to significant cyber incidents. We work with trusted partners around the world and focus on threats and incidents facing the government and critical private sector networks. In both cases, our role is largely voluntary. We build and rely upon trusted relationships to both share information and respond to incidents.    When an entity believes that they have been a victim of a significant cyber incident, they often invite us to help them assess the scope of any intrusion as well as provide recommendations on how they can mitigate the incident and improve their security posture going forward. US-CERT's current involvement with OPM began in March of 2014, when we first learned that there was a potential compromise within the OPM networks.    From March through May of 2014, US-CERT was part of an interagency response team that first assessed the scope of the malicious activity and then remediated that intrusion. Throughout that time, US-CERT shared information that we had learned about the intrusion with our governmental partners as well as private sector partners, so that they too could better protect themselves.    We also created signatures so that our EINSTEIN systems could look for malicious activity at other Federal agencies. On May 28, 2014, the interagency response team concluded that the malicious actor in question from that event had been removed from the network. US-CERT also provided OPM with recommendations about what steps they could take to increase their own security.    It is important to note that there is no silver bullet or magic solution to secure networks from a sophisticated actor. Most government agencies and their private sector counterparts are making up for years of underspending on security as part of the information technology development. As many experts have noted, the Internet was designed with ease of use rather than security in mind.    The status of OPM networks in May of 2014 was not unlike other similarly situated agencies. OPM did some things well and was weak in other areas. I understand that OPM had at the time under its new leadership just started an effort to improve its cybersecurity. The US-CERT incident report for OPM included several specific mitigation recommendations, some of which could be implemented fairly quickly and others of which would take longer.    From what I observed, OPM made a concerted effort to adopt the US-CERT recommendations beginning last summer. Indeed, it was OPM who, in April of 2015, discovered the current intrusion on its own networks using one of the tools recommended by US-CERT. Based on the OPM discovery, US-CERT created new EINSTEIN signatures to look for similar intrusions at other agencies. This is how the malicious access to OPM data at the Department of Interior data center was discovered. This newly discovered threat information was also quickly shared by US-CERT with out private sector partners and other trusted partners around our communities.    US-CERT and the interagency response team have been working with OPM since April of 2015 to assess the nature and scope of the incident. While the investigation is ongoing, there are a few things that I can share. We were able to use the EINSTEIN capabilities to detect the presence of malicious activity on the Department of the Interior data center, which houses the OPM personal records.    Further onsite investigation revealed that some OPM personal data was compromised and see that at least some of that data had been exfiltrated by the Department of the Interior data center. This is the 4.2 million number that Director Archuleta has referenced today. As a result of what we learned from the April 2015 investigation, OPM continued to conduct forensic investigations into its own environment.    In that process, OPM discovered evidence of an additional compromise on its own network. US-CERT then led another interagency response team to assess OPM's networks and, in early June, found that background investigation data had been exposed and possibly exfiltrated. Again, that's currently under investigation.    We also learned at the time that OPM's ongoing efforts to implement two-factor authentication had precluded continued access by the intruder into the OPM network. This protected measure, like others instituted by OPM, may have mitigated any continued effects of the intrusion. The work of the interagency response team is ongoing, and we continue to assess the scope of the potential compromise.    Although I am appearing today ready to provide information to this committee, I do so with some concern. As I had mentioned, US-CERT relies on voluntary cooperation from agencies and private entities who believe that they may be victims of malicious activity. I worry that US-CERT appearing before this committee will have a chilling effect on their willingness to notify us, the whole of government, of future incidents. We especially need private companies to continue to work with government and to share information about cyber threats and incidents so that, through greater shared awareness, we can all be more secure from those who seek to do us harm.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. I am sorry, what was----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. No, I work for Department of Homeland Security.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. So DHS has a shared responsibility for cybersecurity. We are partnering with departments and agencies to ensure the cybersecurity of the dot-gov and working with critical infrastructure partners. And we work with them protecting at the boundaries as well as----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. It was notified by a third-party partner to us----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. --in March of 2014.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. In the case of the KeyPoint investigation?    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Yes, ma'am, they were able to move around in the KeyPoint network. We had an interagency response team that spent time reviewing the KeyPoint network after a request for technical assistance.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Correct. They had access to--we were there in August of 2014. The onsite assistance team was able to discover that they had access----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Well, they had access to the network since----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Yeah, KeyPoint network, from that point in time through the fall of 2013. So, during that time, they were able to leverage certain malware to escalate privileges for the entry points. So they entered the network, we are not quite sure how. Because of a lack of login, we couldn't find the----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. No, they could not. They were not able to--there was no--or there was a PII loss associated with 27,000 individuals associated with that case, I believe. But it was potentially exposed. Because of a lack of evidence, we weren't able to confirm that. So they had potential access, but we weren't able to confirm exfiltration of that data.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. I would be happy to discuss those types of issues further in a closed setting, as we did yesterday with the staff, because the details around that is something that would be more appropriate for a closed classified setting.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. The impact associated with the data breach that was confirmed, the records that were taken out of the personal records is what we would call on a severity scale a significant impact.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Meaning that the data, if it was correlated with other data sources, could be severely--it could impact the environment as well as the individual.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. The fact that they were able to take the data out of the environment, that's a significant impact to the environment, and ensuring that they are able to mitigate the ability that the attacker used to get into that environment. And then the fact that that data was exfilled is also considered to be a high significant impact.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. I am sorry?    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. That's not a term I am comfortable with using, but on the severity scale that we use----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Yeah. It would be medium to high significance, yes.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. So, not having investigated specifically, you know, the breadth and depth of all of the parent companies as well as subsidiaries--we were focused just on the USIS network--the findings estimates were actually higher than $30 million for the recommendations that we had provided to them at the end of our assessment. And that number could be as high as $50 million.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. That question was asked to me earlier. I don't know if you were here.    We use a severity scale, and on the severity scale, based on the impact to data, the impact to the network, and getting back to a known, good, healthy state, we would consider this to be a medium- to high-severity-level kind of an event based on the kind of data that was possibly exposed and exfilled and then the ability for the mitigations that we put in place as part of the plan that we provided to OPM post-assessment.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Correct. I am a technical operator in cybersecurity operations, and we're focused on helping OPM and other departments' and agencies' critical infrastructure ensure the protection of their networks.    So when we do an event like this, we provide mitigations to help them get back to a known, good, healthy state as well as prevent these kinds of things and, if they are targeted again, which a lot of times they are, helping them detect that activity quicker in the cycle so they can contain it and then clean that up.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. I'm a cybersecurity operator. That's clearly a question for intelligence--the intelligence community.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Yes, sir. We were on site last summer at KeyPoint's network in Loveland, Colorado. And we were there with our interagency protesters and did an assessment of the network.    We actually went there in an abundance of caution based off of the event that happened both at USIS and OPM. It was decided by leadership that we needed to take a look at contractors that were performing background clearance investigations.    So there wasn't an indication that led for us--or led our teams to go on site, as the case with OPM. This was done out of an abundance of caution because of the target that we saw associated with background clearance information.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. So our team did an assessment, a network integrity assessment. Some results came back that caused some concern, so we sent an incident response team on site and reviewed their network. We were there for a couple of weeks last summer.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Are contractors subject to the same? It would be part of the contract language associated with FISMA requirements. There's FISMA requirements that are--for any kind of network that houses government data, there are certain requirements, per the FISMA law of 2002.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Yes.    So our team was on site. It was an interagency response team including our law enforcement partners. We worked--just part of the incident response team, what we do is we're working with the system administrators daily. We're informing them every day at the end of the day of----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. We were there for about 2 weeks. I'd have to go back and get the specific timeframe.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. We worked through the weekend, ma'am.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Yes.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. The daily findings. And they can change, so that's why we----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Yes. We were able to discover that there was malicious malware present on the network, that there was compromised credentials, specifically----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. We found a lack of some security mechanisms that would have helped to prevent this kind of intrusion, but, because of the lack of logging, we weren't able to find the initial point of entry. We were able to find----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. There's a number of types of logs that we look at forensically that can help us piece together a picture of what's happened within your network.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. I suppose a number of reasons. It's a risk decision, a risk-based decision. It can cost a lot of money, depending on the volume.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. It can be, because it can require quite a bit of storage associated with some of the kinds of logs.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. I can't answer that specifically. I can just give you some of the reasons I've seen, that people are not continuing to have the historical logs because of the volume of data. You know, there's millions of net flow records that happen a day, and that does require quite a bit of storage. And----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. No, I would not. We did provide them daily reports as well as a final findings report. We went over that with the team. And then we also provided a mitigation report. And I have documented evidence of all of that.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. I think what he's saying----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. --is we confirmed the forensic evidence of the third-party partner.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Right. So I believe what he's saying is, it sounds a bit of a--you know, it was a confirmation. And we were able also to confirm the compromised credentials associated with the third-party forensic firm that they had in there. And then we were able to discover additional findings throughout the assessment that we did.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. I have the timeline associated with that, sir.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. So the actors first gained--adversary access was first noted within the network around November of 2013.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. I am sorry, that was from the 2014 intrusion that you were referencing based upon the manuals.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. We were able to confirm, based upon the onsite assessment, that they had access, confirmed access in November of 2013.    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. Based on what we saw as the potential exfil, it did not include proprietary information or specific information around the architecture of the OPM environment. It was manuals associated with certain types of platforms. But, again, as Ms. Seymour stated, a lot of that information is also publicly available. It's available on--I think IBM is one of the----    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. So, in 2014, is that the incident you are referring to?    Ms. Barron-DiCamillo. So based on the onsite assessment, we weren't able to confirm that they were able to access any of the PII information. So not only so your question about seeing it, they did not--there is certain portion of the network they were specifically focused on, and they were not able to infiltrate into those portions of the network.