    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And like my friend from Wisconsin, I struggle with being a small--former small business owner who was going to go to law school and chose not to and continued to follow that choice. And I appreciate the Chairman's comments as well, as being a small employer who worried about lawyering up.    So my questions are about an issue that I spent a good deal of time on in the California legislature and with a constituent who was a longtime chairman of Safeway and tried to do employee wellness programs, but he did that through the meet and confer process for all of his non-management folks. So while I believe that there is evidence that obviously wellness programs are good for everybody, they help to control costs.    But I also believe, as a former employer, that sometimes--to sort of borrow what Professor Heriot said--that although you can't mandate from the beltway, sometimes--oftentimes managing people you try to do it collaboratively and--rather than force them to do things.    So the question is to Ms. House to begin with. The Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act made sure that wellness programs and that information were given up voluntarily. The Preserving Employee Wellness Programs Act that Congress currently is considering overrides the GINA provision that requires that participation in wellness programs are voluntary.    So much of this is being defined in the court system right now. Is that not true, in----    Mr. DeSaulnier. In terms of the decision of whether it is voluntary to ask for these--this information or not, there are court cases, are there not, right now, that may or may not help us determine that?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Right.    Mr. DeSaulnier. And it is my understanding that the research so far, although it is not conclusive, is that these decisions are best made between an individual and their doctor. Is that not true?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Anyone else care to comment on the panel--anyone with more expertise or a different opinion?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Yes.    Mr. DeSaulnier. Excuse me.    Mr. DeSaulnier. That is under existing law.    Mr. DeSaulnier. I am going to jump in here and stop you before the red light goes on.    So my comment would be that all of that is consistent with the current law, so----    Mr. DeSaulnier . I would just conclude is, what is the necessity of the new proposal to change that?    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.