    Ms. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today we will examine four bills that would impact the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, EEOC, in ways that I fear will compromise the enforcement of civil rights laws. Since 2014, we will have had three hearings regarding the EEOC; yet, we have not once invited the Commissioners themselves to testify about the bills that could severely impact their enforcement of employment civil rights laws.    The name of this subcommittee is Workforce Protections, and by our name alone it is clear that we should be doing our best to protect workers. These four bills appear to be a grab-bag for unscrupulous employers seeking to strip the EEOC of the tools they need to combat employment discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, pregnancy, age, disability, and genetic information.    Fifty years ago, after the creation of the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1965 and the creation of the EEOC, the job of the EEOC is far from complete, despite many advances.    Mr. Chairman, these four bills today ignore the fact that race, gender, disability, and age discrimination persist, and we should not be hindering the agency's charge with combatting unlawful discrimination. In fiscal year 2014, just for example, in fiscal year 2014, of the 88,778 discrimination charges filed with EEOC, 35 percent were based on race, 29 percent were based on sex, 29 percent were based on disability status, and 23.2 percent were based on age discrimination.    Mr. Chairman, I am at a loss to understand why we would want to tie the hands of the EEOC, an agency that has a backlog of 70-plus charges.    Here is how we would tie their hands. Number one: Stripping the general counsel's authority to make a determination about what charges the EEOC should pursue to protect American workers, given there is a policy in place to ensure novel legal questions and controversial matters must already--already be submitted to the Commission for approval.    Number two: Limiting the EEOC's disparate impact examination of criminal background checks. Even Clarence Thomas, Commission chair in 1987, adopted the agency's guidance, which says that the criminal background checks, like other hiring requirements that could exclude certain people, should only relate to the job.    Number three: Granting liability exemption to employers who violate employee privacy and civil rights under the American and Disabilities Act (ADA) and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA).    And number four: Finally, undermining the successful conciliation process by imposing legal hurdles to resolving cases and opening the process to extensive litigation based on the adequacy of the conciliation process, rather than resolving the substance of whether or not there are impermissible discrimination.    EEOC's job should be about getting results, not providing full employment for law firms looking for new ways to frustrate resolution of a disputed discrimination case.    Mr. Chairman, I would ask that you call another hearing where we can review these four bills with all five of the EEOC Commissioners. We need to assess the implications of these bills and determine whether there are unintended effects, such as piling on delays in resolving cases.    We need to hear from the Commissioners to determine whether these bills will set up roadblocks for fair and timely resolution of claims by those who face race, sex, age, or disability-based discrimination. We want to determine if these bills, as drafted, will spawn unnecessary litigation and create more confusion.    I thank the witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to hearing your testimony. Thank you so much for coming.    I yield back to the Chairman.    Ms. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you, to the Committee. I enjoyed listening to your testimony.    I have a question first for Ms. Clay House. This year is the 50th anniversary of the EEOC opening its doors. Now, these are three questions.    Do you believe that the EEOC's mission is as relevant today as it was 50 years ago? What do you believe are the most pressing and emerging forms of discrimination that merits the EEOC's attention? And could you please share your views on some of the challenges that face the EEOC?    Ms. Wilson. Thank you.    This question is for Ms. Heriot.    Ms. Heriot, I have a long background in helping African-American boys and men achieve their status in life, and there is a real problem with the school-to-prison pipeline. So my concern has to do that in 100 cities and counties and 14 states they have adopted the Ban the Box policies because they realize that our criminal justice system is biased and that the people of color are disproportionately institutionalized and arrested and harassed.    So I want to ask you, if cities and counties are trying to ban the box, why do you think the EEOC is overreaching?    Ms. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    In closing, I would like to thank, once again, all of our witnesses for coming.    And I would like to highlight the majority's attempt to roll back a body of laws that have helped protect American workers from race, sex, age, and disability-based discrimination for over 50 years. Fifty years; that is a long time.    The bills we have discussed today would dramatically limit the effectiveness of the EEOC and leave millions of workers vulnerable to an employer's abuse of power and discrimination.    As I mentioned in my opening statement, the name of our subcommittee is Workforce Protections. These bills will essentially undermine the clear and apparent purpose of our subcommittee, which is to provide a safe and amicable working environment for American workers and ensure that employers engage in fair and equitable hiring practices.    All of the detailed postings reporting requirements and H.R. 550 seem to be designed to keep lawyers with a job, to keep fighting lawsuits. Where--tell me where does the average worker who really doesn't want to go to court but wants to do his or her job without experiencing discrimination go to get justice?    You are creating roadblocks by making the EEOC too busy posting things up online, taking notes on cases, getting certified to do conciliation. None of these bills specifically empower the average worker to be protected from discrimination. There are so many roadblocks.    As the EEOC won 93 percent of cases in federal court and 82 percent of systemic cases, 84 percent of the businesses' owners in 2014 responding they are complying with the EEOC's arrest and conviction guidance. And there is a big difference between arrest and conviction, and that is why we need a Ban the Box policy.    As members of this subcommittee we should be doing everything in our power to support American workers and not be in the business of setting up roadblocks to essential protections from workplace discrimination.    Again, Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that we call another hearing, and this time we want to hear from the EEOC Commissioners before moving forward so that we can ensure that these bills will not set up unnecessary roadblocks for fair and timely resolution of discrimination claims. Remember, we are the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections. That is the workers.    Thank you, and I yield back the rest of my time.