    Mr. HODGES. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the Committee, thank you very much for having me here today.    I am Sam Hodges, Co-Founder of Funding Circle, and also a small business owner. Before starting Funding Circle, my partners and I were very much like the hard working entrepreneurs, aspiring small business owners in each of your districts. We built up a chain of fitness centers all across the country, and as we pushed to open new locations, we found even with strong traction, it was very hard to get access to credit.    That experience really aspired us to start Funding Circle as a better way for small businesses to get access to loans. Founded in 2010, Funding Circle is now the world's leading marketplace lender dedicated to small business.    Since then, we have lent out over $1 billion to over 8,000 small businesses across the United States and also the U.K., and we are currently lending out about $75 million per month, ranging from a logistics business in the Midwest to a health care services business in suburban Atlanta, to a multi-unit salad company in San Francisco.    What we are focused on is helping the 28 million small businesses in the United States get access to the capital they need to grow and to expand.    Our loans address the core of the small business credit gap, term loans of $25,000 up to $500,000. These are loans that a small business owner can use to expand her store front, open a new location, hire more staff, or potentially launch new products.    Not only are loans delivered very quickly, inside of a few days, but they are also delivered in a highly transparent fashion. They are also fairly priced with interest rates ranging from about six percent up to 21 percent, with payments spread over an one to five year term.    Today, if you ask the average small business owner whether they have access to the credit they need to grow and expand, I think what you would find is in many cases, the answer is a resounding ``no.''    Even as our economy recovers and despite attempts such as the JOBS Act to facilitate the flow of capital to smaller companies in the United States, many small businesses remain unable to access the credit they need.    We think that Funding Circle and other marketplace platforms like ours can be a meaningful part of the solution to this problem.    To give you a sense of how this works, we and other marketplace lenders function by matching supply of capital with demand. On the one side of the market are small businesses and on the other are a mix of individuals and institutions who lend through us. We provide a transparent marketplace that is information rich that allows those investors to make good decisions as to where to direct their capital.    This year we anticipate lending over $1 billion through the model. Without access to term capital, what we are seeing is small businesses are actually commonly entering into short term credit arrangements with lenders that often times charge APRs between 50 and 100 percent.    For example, a small business may take a cash advance in exchange for allowing the lender to deduct a portion of credit card sales in what is generally known as a ``merchant cash advance.''    These are appropriate in some circumstances. For example, funding of working capital, purchasing inventory, for example. Such short term and high rate products can be misused and often times leads small businesses to use these short term financings to actually cover longer term funding needs.    The two attributes, short durations and very high rates, drive many small businesses into downward cycles of re-borrowing, in which they take out more and more debt to roll over their obligations.    We frequently see the damage these arrangements can inflict on small business. Otherwise healthy companies are throttled by overwhelming and unexpected debt service. If this issue sounds familiar, that is because it is.    Regulators, I think, rightfully saw the same connection with payday lending, where very high rates of default and re-borrowing actually led consumers into debt traps.    In response to this trend, Funding Circle is committed to working with other marketplace lenders, other responsible credit providers, and small business advocates to promulgate effective self regulatory standards for non-bank small business financing.    Although we would expect these standards to cover a broad spectrum of practices, transparency around pricing stands out as a particularly important focal point. At Funding Circle, we prominently disclose total and periodic costs of the loans we offer in an easy to understand format, including our interest rate, as well as our fees.    With this information, a small business owner can evaluate the true cost of credit and make a really good informed purchasing decision for that loan.    In contrast, many other lenders quote financing costs as a buy rate and refuse to provide actually an annualized interest rate or any disclosure around fees. In addition, they often times charge hidden fees, and sometimes they will advertise no prepayment penalties despite the fact that if a borrower were to repay all future payments due including interest.    In contrast, the very transparency of the marketplace lending or peer-to-peer model actually helps ensures that only the borrowers who should be able to pay back a loan actually take one out. We believe supporting marketplace lenders represents a critical opportunity for policy makers to help improve small business owners' access to credit, while also giving them a reasonable path to growth.    At Funding Circle, we are striving to build a better financial world. We are trying to craft a transparent market driven approach that delivers much needed capital to great small businesses all across the country. It is our strong believe that marketplace lending will be beneficial for these small businesses, for the investors who are putting capital behind them, and for our country as a whole.    Thank you again for the time and for everything you are doing on behalf of American small business.    Mr. HODGES. Sir, I can go first. I think the biggest regulatory and legal challenge is frankly the complexity of having to deal with the overlapping set of Federal as well as state level rules, both on the lending or borrowing side, vis-a-vis how you provide capital to the small business owner, and then also on the security side, which is really around how you take those loans and then turn them into a product that allows an institution or an individual to put money to work.    We have invested literally hundreds of thousands of dollars, probably over $1 million, just in kind of figuring out the right framework for doing all that. I think some effort of simplification could be very beneficial.    Mr. HODGES. Sure thing. I think the biggest difference between the U.K. and the U.S. from a regulatory perspective is in the U.K., we have a simplified regulatory framework that is specific to peer-to-peer or marketplace lenders, whereas in the United States, what you are really dealing with is a whole set of kind of archaic lending as well as securities rules.    On the security side particularly, the main laws that dictate how these businesses work are the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, the Investment Company Act, and the 1940 Act. These are laws that did not really anticipate the Internet, and even subsequent measures to modify those really have not made it easier for businesses like Funding Circle to operate.    I think that is the biggest difference, specific regulation as opposed to kind of a mix of different older regulations.    I think the second big piece, as Peter mentioned before, is the U.K. government has decided that as a proactive measure for funneling capital to small businesses, this is a very effective thing to do.    The British Business Bank actually invests in a fractional piece of every single fractional loan that we do currently, which we are really excited about and it serves as a point of credibility.    In the United States, it would literally take an act of Congress to get the SBA to do something similar. There is just not necessarily the same kind of level of support.    Mr. HODGES. For us, it really comes down to transparency. From the very moment that a small business comes to our site and uses our effective rate calculator to figure out how much the cost of financing would be, we are completely transparent about the interest rate, our origination fee, and any other potential fees that a borrower might pay over the lifetime of the loan.    I think it is ultimately kind of around transparent practices, that is what in many ways sets this segment apart from other lenders.    Mr. HODGES. In our case, we actually set the price. What we found historically is actually the pricing that an auction mechanism would dictate is driven more by liquidity than the actual underlying credit risk.    Mr. HODGES. It really depends on how much risk appetite they have. If they want to invest in safer loans, then you are talking about an effective yield to the investor in the mid to high single digits. If they are willing to go out the credit spectrum a little bit and take more risk and more volatility, then we have investors who are earning in the low teens.    Mr. HODGES. Our global annualized loss level is about two percent. It varies a lot by credit tier. Our safest credits are A+ credits. It is well under one percent. For riskier credits, as you move out, it can be as high as five or six percent annualized.    What we are really trying to do is just provide a fair price, a fair and transparent price that gives investors sufficient return while at the same time making sure that the money the borrower is getting is priced inside their own return.    Mr. HODGES. This works quite differently in the U.K. where we have a good chunk of our business versus the U.S., given the actual securities regulations.    In the U.K., we actually have the world's most active secondary market of any peer-to-peer lender, so a meaningful share of our fractional notes, the actual investments of loans, are actually traded on a secondary basis, which we are really excited about.    Unfortunately, in the U.S., the way the securities rules are written, it is actually much harder to do that. There are both state level Blue Sky laws as well as Federal laws that make it difficult to craft a secondary market.    Mr. HODGES. Correct. People are taking illiquidity and we are very transparent about that.    Mr. HODGES. We are very diversified. No one industry accounts for more than about eight percent of the bucket.    Mr. HODGES. I guess I can take a first crack at the question. I think it is a very good one. I guess my own perspective on this is most banks use a check list based underwriting approach where a small business needs to meet all of a variety of different criteria, number of years in business, amount of revenue, type of industry, particularly if it is a cyclical industry, they may not lend at all to, amount of tax return profitability, particularly in the early days when small businesses do not run with tax return profitability, and so forth.    Whereas, in our case at Funding Circle, we are really looking to develop a comprehensive perspective on the business. We understand on a forward looking basis what is going to be the cash flow of the business and can that business support a loan. If so, we are happy to lend to them.    It is really the flexibility of our underwriting model and also the flexibility of our pricing that allows us to offer credit to many small businesses who otherwise do not have access.    Mr. HODGES. To my knowledge, there are no industry ratings, per se. There are certainly consumer ratings. For example, we use Trustpilot to gather feedback from our customers. We also track very carefully our net promoter score. Our net promoter score in the U.S. is about 70 percent, which we are really excited about, and in the U.K., it is 89 percent. It is actually a pretty high level.    Beyond that, I guess in terms of how we are evaluated, it is more around auditing specific operational practices that we use, and particularly now that we are partnering with banks, actually on a referral basis. We have actually gone through pretty extensive audits just to make sure every piece of the business is really clean.    Mr. HODGES. At this point, what I would say is even though some of us are getting to scale, we are still very much in the early days of developing the business. Small business lending, term lending, is a $270 billion market in the United States. If you put in kind of shorter term lending, it is probably closer to 600 or $700 billion. None of us are really meaningful yet.    I guess what I would say is cutting through the noise, small business is a very fragmented market, cutting through the noise and making sure that a small business owner really understands what your product does and how it is differentiated from what else is out there is one of the major things that we focus on.    In terms of kind of competitive threats or big looming hazards, there is nothing that is really keeping us up at night. It is really just around operating the business in a very reliable way and making sure we are scaling in a responsible fashion.    Mr. HODGES. Sure. Our borrowers are all across the country, and they also range very widely in terms of their ethnic, education background, certainly gender as well, and we are very proud of the lots of different stories of small business owners who have had very bad experiences with the banking system but who subsequently have taken loans from us.    In terms of the type of business, it can range all the way from kind of retailers, service businesses to consumers, through light manufacturing and logistics, to B to B businesses, businesses that are serving other companies.    What we have developed is an underwriting framework and an origination approach that allows us to serve a very broad base.    Mr. HODGES. I think the place that we start is around self regulation of non-bank lenders. We are working currently with a number of other players in the space to make sure that we all have very responsible standards around disclosure, around the effective rates that we are charging through, and also our collections and servicing practices.    Historically, if you look at what has gone bad in small business lending, those are certainly areas where problems have occurred.    In terms of policy recommendations, I guess what I would say is for now many of us are really focused again on self regulation. That being said, to the extent that disclosure particularly came up as something folks could take a closer look at, I do think disclosure around rate and kind of effective financing charges might be a good place to start.    Mr. HODGES. Similar to how we think about the borrower side of our business, also on the investor side, it is really around transparency and disclosure. What I mean by that is when an investor comes to us, be it an individual or institution who wants to buy loans or pieces of loans through us, what we provide is really detailed information about historically how a business credit has performed at different points in the cycle.    We also provide full disclosure on our current loan book, and lastly, on a loan by loan basis, we provide very detailed financial information on a go forward as well as historical basis that allows them to understand what is the debt service coverage ratio, which is really the business' cash flow ability to pay back the loan, the level of asset coverage, and also some of the characteristics of the business itself.    Mr. HODGES. In the United States, we limit our marketplace to accredited investors only, so they have to meet the SEC accredited investor----    Mr. HODGES. It is $1 million net worth outside of your home.    Mr. HODGES. Currently, our limits on the borrowing side are the business needs to have been around for at least two years, so two years' worth of tax return information, so we can really assess how that business has performed and make some prediction around how we think it will perform in the future.    Secondly, the individual behind the business needs to have a FICO score of 620 or higher. We use that as a qualification criteria. It is actually a minority of the signal we use to eventually approve the loan.    The business needs to have been profitable in at least one of the last two years. Obviously, if the business has been around longer than that, and most of our businesses have, our average business has been around for about eight years, then it is easier to get a gauge of profitability.    Those are really the fundamental qualification criteria just to be eligible for a Funding Circle loan at this point.    Mr. HODGES. We have done extensive kind of testing and analysis around how our current book would perform either in an economic downturn or in an environment with meaningfully higher interest rates. What we see is certainly the loss rates, default and loss rates would go up meaningfully, but still, an investor who is sufficiently diversified, meaning they hold pieces of at least 100 loans, actually would not lose any principal based on the stress testing we have done.    Mr. HODGES. Never would say 100 percent covered. There is always idiosyncratic risk.    Mr. HODGES. If I can speak on that directly, I guess on the platform fraud side, what I would say is we are already heavily regulated. We are regulated as a securities business. We own a broker-dealer. All the information we provide to our investors who are buying pieces of loans through us have to comply with the disclosure standards the SEC has set up and other securities law for any private offering.    Certainly, making sure that what we send to investors to make sure they are making good decisions is a really important piece of the business, but I think those rules are already fully in place.    On the borrower side, fraud is an expensive problem. We and other platforms have been hit extensively by fraud rings in the United States, and that is one of the things we are working together on, just to make sure we can identify fraud and weed it out.    Mr. HODGES. I guess what I would say is yes, particularly on the fractional side. On the institutional side, for us and many of the platforms is a whole owned business, those are very large institutions who are investing millions of dollars, and we work with them to structure arrangements where they are getting sufficient information as well as sufficient diversification to make sure they know what they are getting.    On the fractional side, as I said, there are already extensive rules in place which we follow insidiously just to make sure our investors are protected fully.    Mr. HODGES. We believe so.    Mr. HODGES. One idea borrowing from what we have seen in the U.K. where we also operate is also having turn down requirements, where if a bank is going to go and turn down a small business for credit, they actually have the responsibility to send that small business somewhere else, so the small business owner knows there are other options. If there was one policy measure, I think that would be it.    Mr. HODGES. We certainly have made loans to small businesses in the Sandy disaster area. As a matter of fact I remember anecdotally a number of businesses who had interruptions in their operations and were really looking to get back on track and coming in and applying for credit. Yes, that is something that we have seen.    In terms of whether this is an effective measure for disaster recovery, to be honest, it is not something we have taken a really close look at, but certainly what I would say is when we see an opportunity in the market where there are going to be a concentration of small businesses who kind of need to expand, need to grow, need to invest in their store front and equipment, those are opportunities where we just frankly go and market more. There is kind of a factor that already makes it happen.