    Mr. Jaenichen. Good afternoon, Chairman Forbes, Ranking Member Courtney, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss the U.S. merchant marine and the support it provides for our nation to meet the Department of Defense logistics and sealift requirements.    The U.S.-flag fleet of privately owned, commercially operated vessels, along with government-owned vessels, provide sealift surge and sustainment capacity to move equipment and materiel to globally project our Armed Forces and Federal agencies when needed, where needed, during times of conflict, humanitarian crisis, and natural disasters.    Supporting these capabilities are the Maritime Administration's National Defense Reserve Fleet, Ready Reserve Force, and Maritime Security Program.    The Ready Reserve Force, or RRF, is a fleet of government-owned merchant-type vessels that ensure our capability to rapidly deploy military forces and equipment or emergency humanitarian assistance and disaster response supplies to events that require intervention by the U.S. Government.    The RRF currently consists of 46 ships selected on the basis of their capabilities, their readiness condition and location to meet Department of Defense expected surge sealift requirements.    While the RRF has provided reliable and safe sealift to support military and humanitarian missions in the past, the fleet is aging. The average age of the fleet is currently 39 years, well above the normal service life of commercial vessels.    The Maritime Administration is working closely with the Department of the Navy and DOD to monitor the material condition of the RRF as well as determining the future recapitalization requirements of the fleet.    I would note that while we have never fully activated the RRF, the 78 ships that were activated in support of operations in the first Gulf War exceed the number of vessels that I currently have in the RRF fleet.    The Maritime Security Act of 1996 established the Maritime Security Program, or MSP, which provides direct annual stipends for up to 60 active, commercially viable, militarily useful, privately owned, U.S.-flag vessels and crews operating in international trade.    The MSP fleet ensures DOD access to U.S.-flag ships and oceanborne commerce and international trade with the necessary intermodal logistics capability to move military equipment and supplies in the event of armed conflict or national emergency.    The fleet also provides critical employment for up to 2,400 qualified U.S. mariners.    Of the 78 U.S.-flag vessels that trade internationally today 78 currently participate in the MSP program. The number of vessels in the international trading U.S.-flag fleet has generally stayed above 100 for the past decade, reaching a peak of 106 in 2011. And since then, we have seen a decline to the 78 vessels, or roughly a 26 percent drop in the last 3 years.    The decline in this segment of the fleet is coincident with the decline of government-impelled preference cargoes, and the overall volume of preference cargo transported aboard U.S.-flag vessels has substantially decreased since 2005 when preference cargoes peaked due to military operations in Afghanistan and Iraq.    The Maritime Administration's assessment of the civilian U.S. merchant mariner pools shows that the number of civilian mariners available to crew government sealift ships, when activated, has declined over the past decade. And the number of qualified and experienced mariners available will likely not be adequate in the very near future unless we take positive action to reverse this trend.    Current estimates show that we only have about 11,280 mariners that have the necessary U.S. Coast Guard credentials to operate large seagoing ships. And we greatly value those mariners who have recently sailed and those who have experience sailing our government-owned sealift vessels. And that current number is sufficient to activate the Federal Government-owned sealift-surge sealift fleet of 63 ships, that includes both the Maritime Administration's RRF and the military's Sealift Command's surge vessels, only for a period of 4 to 6 months, but it is not enough for sustained operations.    Further losses in the number of commercial U.S.-flag ships and the corresponding loss of mariner jobs and international trade will significantly impact our ability to crew this sealift fleet in the future.    The Maritime Administration is taking action to address the issues that challenge the U.S. maritime industry through the development of a draft National Maritime Strategy. We expect to publish the draft strategy in the coming months, and I look forward to providing it to the committee.    Thank you again for your time and interest in the nation's maritime transportation capacity and capability and the opportunity to provide a status update for our program and discuss what may be a very critical juncture point for the long-term health of the international trading U.S. merchant marine.    I look forward to any questions that the subcommittee may have.    Mr. Jaenichen. Congressman Courtney, I certainly appreciate the question. First of all, I greatly appreciate this subcommittee's support for the authorization of the $3.5 which was subsequently approved in the consolidated appropriations of 2016, which also include the authorization for just shy of $5 million for 2017 in the fiscal year budget.    At the time that was approved by Congress and signed by the President, the fiscal year 2017 budget was already prepared and was in preparation to come over to Congress to meet the President's budget request drop to Congress on time.    We had insufficient time to actually analyze that. If you take a look at the Maritime Administration's budget, if you take a look at my 2016 enacted budget of $399 million, that would be an additional $90 million about because we received $210 million to support the MSP program at $3.5. That is about 22 percent of MARAD's budget that was enacted.    And if I compare that to the $423 in the President's budget request, it will be a 27 percent increase because it would require an increase of $114 million. That was not something we were able to analyze at the time the budget was dropped.    The budget was prepared based on the program of record which authorized $3.1 through fiscal year 2018. But what I will tell you is, as General Lyons pointed out in his opening statement, there are three things that the Maritime Security Program relies on. The first is it requires access to government-impelled cargo. Those cargoes have decreased by 75 percent since 2011, and so that has actually put downward pressure on the viability of the fleet.    Additionally, the overcapacity in the global market. We have seen freight rates that are the lowest they have ever been in nearly several decades. The result of that is, in order for the MSP fleet to be viable, there is really only one place to go and that is the stipend amount to ensure that the fleet can remain viable.    We have already pointed out that it is very vital. It is the core of our U.S.-flag international fleet. It is 60 out of the 78 ships that we have currently. We have 57 that are currently sailing in the program, as I pointed out in my opening remarks. That fleet is critical for national security to be able to globally project and sustain the Armed Forces.    So hopefully that answers your question.    Mr. Jaenichen. It was the program of record at the time the budget was prepared.    Mr. Jaenichen. Ranking Member Courtney, I certainly appreciate the question. First of all, in your opening remarks you highlighted the impact of the Empire State in terms of the training capacity for the State maritime academies. It is about 36 percent.    As you noted also, the vessel is 55 years old. It has its classification from the American Bureau of Shipping through 2019, as well as a certificate of inspection from the Coast Guard.    There is a potential to be able to conduct a service life extension of that vessel. However, I am concerned about the cost and whether that is the right approach.    We have done an estimate based on an ABS survey. We take a look at the deferred maintenance. We have also taken a look at a crew assessment. And I have also had my ship surveyors down onboard the ship. And then we had an independent organization actually evaluate what it would cost. And the estimated cost is $104 million to be able to do a service life extension on that ship.    Normally if you had a 15-year-old ship, a service life extension would be about 10 years. I cannot guarantee that spending that amount of money would give us 10 more years on that particular vessel. It may give 3, it may not give any because there are so many unknowns with regards to when you have a vessel that old.    I am concerned about the capacity. The study that is requested in fiscal year 2017 is to do an independent validation of several requirements. In addition to the requirements, are there other alternatives?    We have done most recently last year a study that was conducted by Volpe , which did a business case analysis, which took a look at the options. That is available and we can share that with the committee if desired.    We recognize that this is a very costly program to be able to exercise and to be able to put a training ship fleet together, so that study is an attempt to make sure that we have done everything we can to take a look at what alternatives are available to do that independent validation.    If it were left up to me, I would try to move that up as quickly as I can to be able to support building a fiscal year 2018 budget which I have to do this summer. And so I will endeavor to do that if at all possible using the appropriated funding that we currently have.    I greatly appreciate the support of Congress to dedicate the $5 million to be able to do the construction design. And we fully intend to execute that money this year, as intended.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you, Ranking Member Courtney. A repeal of the Jones Act, I think, would be traumatic for the U.S. merchant marine. And I will give you several reasons.    Currently today, the shipbuilding construction order book has 32 vessels on it. Twelve of those are tankers, 20 of them are articulated tugs and barges. It also includes six other type vessels. Two of those are roll-on/roll-off container vessels that are being built at VT Halter and also some additional container vessels to be able to support both the Hawaii trade and the Puerto Rican trade.    That ship construction that is going on in U.S. shipyards, is actually in conjunction with the other Federal shipbuilding that we do. If you take away the building requirement by repealing the Jones Act, that construction does not occur.    And as a result, what ends up happening is the Federal Government will now incur all of the overhead costs. I very much doubt that we would build one of our ships for the Navy or one of our other Federal agencies overseas. So that overhead now comes to us, which would exponentially increase our costs to be able to maintain those shipyards viable and that industrial base which is critical.    Our concern here is, if we ever had to ramp up, for whatever reason, that capacity will be lost and it is not something that could be recovered easily.    I am also concerned about the loss of the mariner jobs. As we talked about earlier, we are at the very cusp of not being able to do. We can do the surge and we are right at the very edge of being able to do that. But we cannot sustain longer than 3 to 4 months the capability to provide logistics movement to support the Department of Defense.    If the Jones Act goes away, we currently have 92 ships that are operating under the Jones Act under the U.S. flag. The total fleet of self-propelled vessels greater than 1,000 tons is 170; 78 are in the international trade and 92 in the Jones Act. That is what is supporting that 11,280 mariners in our mariner pool currently today.    Without the Jones Act, that goes away, I can't support DOD, I can't support national security.    Mr. Jaenichen. Congressman, thank you for the question.    First of all, I need to talk a little bit about, as I mentioned earlier, the requirement for the MSP program at its inception was really based on the three-legged stool that General Lyons referred to. Two legs of the stool have almost gone away with regards to the access to government-impelled cargo and also commercial cargo, which really leaves the stipend as the only place to go.    In 2011, based on a 2010 baseline, MARAD conducted a study and we estimated that the average differential cost to operate a U.S.-flag vessel versus a foreign-flag vessel was about $4.6 million. If you progress that to fiscal year 2016 numbers, it is somewhere between $5 and $7 million and our average is based on a back-of-the-envelope review of some of the assessments of the operators' costs as about $6.1.    That authorization that was provided just shy of $5 million in the consolidated appropriations is about the right number. The industry has told us that is the right number.    At $3.1, I can't guarantee that the fleet will be able to stay what it is currently at the ship mix and the operators that are currently in the fleet today. They are severely challenged. The entire global industry is losing money as are the operators that are participating in the MSP program.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you, Congressman.    Just to make sure, there are 57 ships of the 78 today. We have approved one additional ship to come in, but it is not under U.S. flag yet, to replace one of the RO/ROs that caught fire last summer. And we are currently reviewing essentially the requests for two additional vacancies that currently exist in the program.    With regard to the program itself, that 60-ship capability is extremely important. But our challenge, as I pointed out, as I was answering Ranking Member Courtney's question, the budget that we submitted in fiscal year 2017 was based on the program of record at the time the budget was developed.    There was insufficient time, as I mentioned before, to be able to do an assessment to get increased to the authorization that was provided by Congress in the consolidated appropriations for 2016.    Mr. Jaenichen. The real critical aspect is I need to have an active fleet that actually has the mariners that are sailing on a daily basis.    We have done an estimate. In order to activate the ready surge capability that we have in the organic government or the government-owned fleet, we currently today have about 627 mariners that are keeping them in that ready-5 status that General Lyons talked about in his opening remarks.    To be able to activate all of those vessels, and that includes the 15 for Military Sealift Command and also the 2 Missile Defense Agency ships that I also support for special mission, requires an additional 1,300 mariners to be able to activate them and then push them out to where they need to go to be able to support that global projection and sustainment of our Armed Forces.    We can do that with the current number of mariners for about 3 to 4 months. It is that first crew rotation that is critical and that is what I cannot be able to guarantee at this point.    With the number that I have today, I have a very, very small margin to be able to say that I can do that and surge that fleet completely.    After the 4-month period, again, I can't do that. I would need at least 40 more ships sailing actively under U.S. flag and the mariners there to be able to guarantee you that I can provide sustainment.    We have a perfect storm coming. And the perfect storm is the fact that starting on the 1st of January of 2017 the International Maritime Organization Standards for Watchkeeping and Training come into effect. Those requirements are different. If you are not actively sailing today, which means that you are not actually being paid to get that upgraded license to be able to meet the STCW requirements, you are likely not going to do it because it is going to come out of your pocket.    So in past situations where we have had to surge the fleet, we have actually had mariners that have come out of retirement to be able to do that. They will not be available to us after January of 2017.    And the impact is, if I were to use some of those mariners without those STCW endorsements, they do not have to allow our ships into the ports where we potentially have to debark the equipment to be able to support DOD's operations.    So the impact is, is we are very close to not having enough mariners. And I am concerned at what happens in the future.    It is also a very aging workforce. And I am concerned that they could retire on us. And again, I don't know where that point is, but we are getting very close to it.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you for the question, Congresswoman.    Currently today there is about 250 in each incoming class. We graduate around 200 on an annual basis, 25 percent of them go on to active duty into one of the branches of the armed services, and then about the rest, 75 percent, will actually sail on our commercial fleet.    That number today, and if I combine that with the six State maritime academies, I produce about 900 mariners a year. The only ones that are required to sail are the ones that go to Kings Point and those that receive what we refer to as a student incentive program stipend, which is $8,000, and they have about a 3-year service obligation. Those that go to Kings Point have a 5-year service obligation.    I am concerned. There was a study that was completed by the Secretaries of Labor, Education and Transportation. That report was released in August of 2015. And in that we used a 2012 baseline in terms of the age demographics for the seafarers.    We need 70,000 new mariners by 2022. Half of those are licensed officers. The programs that you are referring to, both Kings Point and the State maritime academies, are producing only about 900 of that shortfall. So we are going to be far short of being able to meet that requirement that we know is coming in 2022.    There is ample opportunity and there is great opportunity for those seafarers. But again, it relies on the U.S.-flag fleet.    As I mentioned earlier, if the Jones Act were to be threatened, those jobs would go away. That creates a challenge for our seafarer workforce.    Mr. Jaenichen. 2022.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you. We are currently working with the Military Sealift Command. We are also working with the American Maritime Partnership. We have recognized that veterans, as they are leaving the services, many of them have seafaring capabilities, those that are operating Army watercraft, those in the Coast Guard, and those in the Navy.    We are working on a military-to-mariner program because we think that is a way that we can potentially get the shortfall within the Committee on Marine Transportation System, the CMTS. We are working with our 27 agencies on an integrated action plan to be able to get to the heart of that.    The real issue is how they get credit for the courses that they take over the course of their military career to be able to get a U.S. Coast Guard endorsement and we are currently working on that particular issue.    The challenge right now is a veteran comes out, he literally has to start from scratch because he gets no credit for any of the experience or any of the training that he has had. So we are actually getting to the heart of that.    Obviously there are other ways to do it, but we do have limited capacity. We are pretty much, in terms of what we are doing at Kings Point, we are at capacity there with regards to what we are able to do and the State maritime academies are at capacity as well.    Obviously, the training ship fleets which supports--in order to get an officer's license requires 360 days during the period of time that you are actually training for that endorsement. That is difficult to obtain. The State maritime academies do it through a combination of training ships sailing, typically they have 100-day cruises every year, and then they also have to have some commercial time. Kings Point does it by sailing commercially for 1 year out of the 4 years that they are taking their curriculum.    So that actually is one of the challenges, just capacity. Obviously, as the fleet size has decreased, our ability to place cadets and midshipmen on those fleets is reduced as well. So I am concerned about our capacity to train as well as the ability to meet the demand of the future mariner workforce.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you, Congresswoman.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you for the question, Chairman. The 60 ships in the program, obviously when we submitted the 2017 budget, that was at the program of record at the time, which was at $3.1.    My concern with regard to the fleet today is, as a result of the downward pressure that we have seen on their ability to get both commercial and the decrease that we have seen in government-impelled cargoes has put significant downward pressure on the fleet.    The stipend amount today, I cannot guarantee that that is sufficient to keep those vessels in the program. And as we have indicated, all the three of witnesses have said, those 60 ships are important for our national security.    And the operators themselves who have those agreements, they have to make financial decisions based on what they are able to do. And if it is losing money, then they are not going to be able to stay in the program. We have seen that before. They have told us that the reason for reflagging or to flag out of the program is because they can't make it financially viable.    Mr. Jaenichen. I can't give you a number, Chairman, in terms of what it would be. I know that there could be an adverse effect; I just can't tell you what that would be.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We have estimated that we need about 11,019 mariners to be able to have the capability to surge. And once we have reached that point, now, my concern is not necessarily being able to surge, but also our assessment is based on today. I can't tell you what it will be 2 years from now or 5 years from now. And I am concerned about our ability to do that in the future as we take a look at the aging demographic of our seafaring workforce.    So we are very close to the margin between that medium and high risk, as I indicated earlier, to an earlier question.    In order to be comfortable with the number of mariners we have, with the STCW requirements that go into effect in January of 2017, we need an estimate of approximately 40 more ships to have sufficient mariner pool that is sailing actively on a day-to-day basis to make sure we have the right number.    Mr. Jaenichen. We would, sir.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you, Chairman, for the question. If we go back to the 25 percent reduction that occurred in 2012 when we did the ``Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century'' that reduced the food aid program from 75 to 50 percent in accordance with a 1954 civilian cargo preference, we estimated at that time we would lose somewhere between 9 and 12 ships.    We have subsequently lost 28. Now, we also recognize that that is coincident with all of the downward pressure on the DOD cargoes, the retrograde from Afghanistan and Iraq. So those all occurred at the same time, which is it is that total government-impelled cargo which has actually caused that.    Our estimate for what is proposed in the fiscal year 2017 budget, we have included in that budget $25 million as a mitigating factor to make sure that we don't have an adverse effect on the mariner pool, we will be able to maintain some ships, principally the ones that are principally carrying food aid cargo that are not in the MSP. And so $24 million of that would be dedicated to those non-MSP carriers and then a million would be dedicated to the retraining of the mariners to make sure that we have that capability.    So we recognize that the proposal from the administration does have an impact on the U.S. merchant marine and we are trying to mitigate that with the budget request that has been submitted.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you, Chairman, for the question. The Maritime Administration is currently working on a draft National Maritime Strategy which we hope to address. And as I indicated to Congresswoman Hartzler's question earlier, we are working within the Committee on Marine Transportation System to put together a ``Veteran-to-Mariner'' program to try to get at the shortfalls that we are currently experiencing.    Mr. Jaenichen. Chairman, thank you for the question. The first thing I would say is the U.S. merchant marine and the mariners that are part of that active workforce have always responded to the call. They are patriotic. They have done what is needed to conduct our sealift requirement. They have never failed to carry our requirements, equipment, supply, materials, to support the Department of Defense operations.    I cannot say the same for foreign-flag crews. We have had several instances in which they have not gone into the theater for their own fear of their own safety.    We also run the risk if you have foreign seafarers that potentially we are at the risk of some political decision by another country who those mariners potentially are national citizens to. And I don't think that is a position that we want to be in going forward.    Mr. Jaenichen. Congresswoman, if I could add just a few comments. First of all, we get great support from our resource sponsor in the Navy. They provide us the funding to be able to maintain the maintenance and repair as well as the crewing dollars to be able to support that Ready Reserve Force in their ready status.    My concern is we are doing that with a fleet that is 39 years old. So as General Lyons pointed out, we have acceptable risk today, but we are doing it with ships, some of the ships that I have in my fleet are 50 years old. We are doing the best we can. Some of the equipment is obsolete; it is no longer made, so we have to take extraordinary measures to be able to maintain the readiness of that fleet.    If that fleet is called, I would like to say that I can guarantee every single time we will be able to do it. But as we get farther in time, and we have every intent to utilize the funding to be able to extend that service life to 60 years, I can't guarantee you it will be able to be able to carry the equipment that we need.    Several of the ships in the inventory are steamships. They are hard to maintain, hard to operate. And if we are surging to be able to support a specific operation and I have a problem on one of those ships that's, you know, 40 years old, we may not be able to support the fight and there are potential soldiers, sailors, or marines that could be at risk as a result of that.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you for the question, Congresswoman. Sixty has been identified as the number. There has been some mobility and capability assessment, as General Lyons alluded to earlier.    Typically, that fleet is for sustainment. It is a commercial fleet. The surge would actually be done by our organic assets, both with the Military Sealift Command with their pre-po ships and also the Ready Reserve Force ships that we have.    What has happened over time is those ships in the MSP program are typically in commercial service. They will then become available once they are able to position themselves to be able to carry those sustainment cargoes.    The 60 that is there based on the operational requirements, that would require a classified briefing to be able to specifically go through those particular movements that are required to be able to support the most comprehensive and most challenging scenarios that the Department of Defense has. But we need all 60 to be able to do that.    It also makes the assumption that we will have no losses. And we recognize that there are changes in the environment, as General Lyons pointed out in his opening comments, from the standpoint of cyber, from air and maritime defense that that may not be a valid assumption going forward.    And my understanding is DOD is doing a study on the potential risks and what kind of numbers would require to be changed or added to be able to ensure we have the correct capability going forward.    Mr. Jaenichen. Assuming that we could have losses, that is correct, ma'am.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you for the question, Congressman. In every situation where we have talked to an operator who has reflagged a ship, he has told us that it is the absence of cargo which has contributed significantly to their decision to reflag or to scrap those vessels.    Mr. Jaenichen. Congressman Garamendi, that is actually in our budget for the Maritime Security Program for the MARAD budget in 2017. It is actually included so that the total is actually $211 , which is in the MSP request because it includes that $25 million to support the administration's proposal for additional 25 percent flexibility.    Mr. Jaenichen. It is an identical proposal to what was in the fiscal year 2016 request, Congressman.    Mr. Jaenichen. It is reduced by the flexibility for an intervention that would include a potential local and regional purchase, but I would refer you to USAID for how they would actually execute that particular authorization.    Mr. Jaenichen. Congressman, we are--I think you have confused it. There was a proposal at one time to be able to use the food aid reform and have money. This proposal is not that. This is just a funding in the MSP line to support the mitigation efforts.    Mr. Jaenichen. Congressman, that proposal is no longer on the table as under consideration.    Mr. Jaenichen. That is correct, Ranking Member Courtney. In fact, we have had that, it is in interdepartmental review now. It has been in OMB for a while. I hope to be able to get that out for draft public comment, and then we would take those public comments and then we would finalize the strategy. And I am hoping to have that draft National Maritime Strategy out in the next couple of months.    Mr. Jaenichen. The last strategy dates back to 1936 as modified in 1970, so it has been a while, sir.    Mr. Jaenichen. During my initial review, we actually started this process back in 2014, the first National Maritime Strategy symposium was held in January of 2014, we held a second in May. Once we got the draft done, we have shared it with the 27 agencies and commissions that were in the Committee on Marine Transportation System and I also provided it and got comments that we included in our draft that we provided to OMB that came from the majors, so Coast Guard, Department of Energy, DOD, Army Corps of Engineers, to ensure that we had it about right.    And so we are in that process now to go through to get final interdepartmental review.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you, Ranking Member.    Mr. Jaenichen. Chairman, I would just like to talk a little about the importance of the MSP just one last time. If you recall, we reauthorized the MSP program out to 2025. And all of the carriers signed up for that program at that time.    The world has completely changed from the time that they resigned those contracts to get out to 2025. And so that timing and the stipend amount that was there, we all recognize that they are under downward pressure, as I have already testified to. So I would encourage the committee to think about that as we go forward in terms of the future viabiity of the MSP.    The second is the mariners themselves. They are a strategic national asset. That is what allows us to provide national security. If there were any other workforce sector that supported national security, that had experienced a 20 percent loss and reduction in the number of people, there would be a public outcry.    This is a crisis in the making and we are not talking about it. That is one of the reasons why I greatly appreciate this committee for having this hearing today.    The final one that I have is with regards to the recapitalization of the sealift fleet and the training fleets. We are operating old ships. And as a result in operating old ships, it costs more, it is more expensive to continue the operation and repairs. And at some point, we reach a limit and we are not going to be able to operate.    The ships, if they can't operate, if they are in the Ready Reserve Force, I can't provide the requirement to provide that sealift for DOD. And if it is a training ship, I don't have the capacity to train the mariners that we have already identified are essential to our future and to be able to support the Department of Defense.