    Mr. Brady. Thank you.    Mr. Brady. Well, thank you Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Subcommittee. I'm pleased to appear before you today on behalf of the National Association of Homebuilders to discuss H.R. 3438 and H.R. 2631, both of which would help repair our broken Federal regulatory rulemaking system.    As the Chairman said, my name is Ed Brady, and I am a small homebuilder from Bloomington, IL. Perhaps it was a simpler time when my father founded our family homebuilding business in 1962, but the complexities of regulation facing our industry today makes it difficult for a small business to survive.    Regulations imposed by government, at all levels, account for 25 percent of the final price of a new single-family home. Certainly we need to protect the environment, we need to protect worker safety, but we also need to return some sensibility and sanity to the process. Unfortunately, Federal agencies under both Republican and Democratic administrations have increasingly sought to skirt the rules set up by the Administrative Procedures Act and diminish public participation in rulemaking.    The bills we will discuss today represent significant progress toward restoring the public participation. Congress intended and provided judicial protections when a rule is challenged in court. NAHB is particularly concerned about the reliance by Federal agencies on guidance rather than going through the formal rulemaking process. That is why we strongly support H.R. 2631, which would ensure that the public has input on significant changes to existing, longstanding interpretive rules.    For an example of why this bill is needed, let's look for a moment at the ongoing struggle with the EPA and the Army Corps to define the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act. Prior to the regulation that was finalized earlier this year, the most recent Clean Water Act regulation addressing the scope of jurisdiction was finalized in 1986.    For 29 years, the EPA and the Corps relied on several interpretive rules, despite two Supreme Court rulings that significantly limited the scope of the Clean Water Act. Those interpretive rules had the same effect and force as a regulation, but never went through the formal rulemaking process. Most troubling is that there is little judicial oversight over the use of guidance.    Before we could challenge that, this guidance acted as improper rulemaking, we would first have to seek a ruling over the very issue of whether the guidance is ``final agency action,'' subject to the court scrutiny. The outcome of this would be very uncertain. And while we would prefer that the rulemaking process to work as Congress intended with public input, a cost-benefit analysis, and an examination of alternative options so the agency gets it right the very first time, sometimes we need to turn to the courts for relief.    The second bill before you today, H.R. 3438, provides for a stay of enforcement for high-cost regulations pending judicial review. This is a commonsense approach that would spare small businesses the significant and irretrievable cost of compliance in the event a pending rule is overturned.    While courts issue preliminary injunctions when a rule faces legal review, these injunctions are unusual and extremely difficult for businesses to obtain. Courts require businesses to show that the regulation would impose irreparable harm, but generally do not include the monetary costs associated with compliance as meeting that standard, even though small businesses have no realistic means of seeking repair from the compliance cost for the rule later thrown out by the courts.    For example, the U.S. Department of Labor has recently proposed new overtime regulations, which would make 116,000 construction workers eligible for overtime, according to our analysis. Yet these costs would not likely be considered by the courts as imposing irreparable harm. And even if challenged in court, the rule might still be allowed to go into effect. But if the rule goes into effect, it would immediately alter how small homebuilders do business.    It is simply unfair for businesses to impose the compliance cost of a new regulation while it's under judicial review. The regulatory process is failing us and we need to repair it. These bills are a good start, and I urge this Subcommittee to support them. Thank you again for the opportunity to testify today, and I'd be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Brady. A couple things. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The regulation and changes in regulation are uncertainties in small business. Many of you probably have experience in small business, and any uncertainties is very difficult for a small business to perpetuate itself, whether there's jobs on the line or the regulation adds additional costs in the middle of a project or something like that is catastrophic to the small business.    As an example, most recently, the DOL suggested the overtime, the new overtime rule. I have superintendents, and as I said in my statement, over 100,000 superintendents in our industry would be affected by that. And so I have to go back in my office and say, is it better for me to hire and keep that person on payroll or go into a subcontract position or a contract position?    My superintendents have flexibility. They're salaried. They have flexibility on the workday. Many times they work during the weekends to get projects done, but they have flexibility to go take their kids to school or pick their kids up from the doctor or whatever the case may be. And, in fact, I think that employee would be hindered by that type of regulation, and certainly my business would be hindered.    Mr. Brady. Status quo is not good for small business.    Mr. Brady. Well, you're exactly right. And the one case that I quoted earlier is the Department of Labor on the overtime. They scored it at a $200 million impact cost. That was a direct administrative cost. They didn't take into effect the cost that an employer pays the employee, which is well over $1 billion. So yes, we would support--this is a great first step, but we would support looking at that cost-benefit analysis even under $1 billion.    Mr. Brady. Yes.    Mr. Brady. There was a lot of uncertainty.    Mr. Brady. In regards to the sequester?    Mr. Brady. Potentially, yes.    Mr. Brady. Yes.    Mr. Brady. We are a little over my pay grade on the debt limit, but I must----    Mr. Brady. But I must answer the interpretive--there's uncertainty in interpretive rules. And for 29 years we worked under interpretive rules. Those interpretations can change from Administration to Administration, and that's the uncertainty with an interpretive rule that hasn't gone through the rulemaking process, there's uncertainty.    Mr. Brady. The interpretive rules?    Mr. Brady. Well, it produces clarity at the moment. What it also produces uncertainty as to where it's moving. I mean, the Supreme Court issued two rulings on interpretive rules, on the Clean Water Act, and yet, those interpretive rules were not substantially changed according to the Supreme Court's rules. And there was no public hearing, no requirement to create or give input from the public as the EPA is supposed to do. And so those regulations, interpretive, do not necessarily create the clarity long term that a business needs.    I will also say that one shoe doesn't fit all. And as somebody suggested earlier, interpretive rules are based on industry asking questions for clarity, and that may be clarity to a large business, but not a small business.    Mr. Brady. I think that it would be irreparable harm, but that is a very tough thing to prove and a very tough thing for a small business to get a stay based on that.    Mr. Brady. Well, from the law perspective, I don't mean to speak from an expert position, but, again, you're right, the courts have not been willing to issue those stays----    Mr. Brady . When we argue irreparable harm.    Mr. Brady. It could be constructive, but this law, the overtime law, is indexed every year per the law. So that means that we have to change those--we don't know what that index is until January 1st.    Mr. Brady. On a long-term project, that may be able to be----    Mr. Brady. But from a short-term perspective, there's still that uncertainty as to what you are dealing with. And whether or not that person is an employee still, versus a contract person.    Mr. Brady. Well, they are usually the law, because they won't give me the sticker unless I interpret it the same way that they do.    Mr. Brady. Well, when I suggest 25 percent of the costs of a home is regulatory, it can tell you the burden that the regulatory environment puts on the cost of a product, which is an affordable housing issue, being able to produce a product in an affordable price. It affects the amount of people that I can put on the payroll, the amount of houses that I build and employ people to build those.    The regulatory burden--and as I said in my statement, we need to protect workers; we need to protect the environment, but the regulatory burden on our industry alone, is cutting affordability; it's cutting job creation. We have 240 members of our association 6, 7 years ago. We have 140,000 now, because many of those businesses, they are not around any more, in part because of the regulatory burden they have to live by.