    Mr. Mica. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman and ranking member, for conducting this part II. There are some very serious concerns about performance of TSA, the first hearing that you held just a few weeks ago. We had, for the first time since we created TSA, people who came in from responsible positions and were willing to testify to the almost sheer chaos that exists both in the management and also the operations.    Of course, I expressed my concern about the meltdown that we have had to date, and I had prepared actually yesterday--and staff had gotten me like one figure during the break. We had 6,800 American Airlines passengers miss their flights due to checkpoint delays, and that is sort of--you know, we hear that, Members of Congress and others. Well, last night, I had the night from hell. I had three people who I invited to Washington who came to Washington, spent most of the day with me. All of them missed their flights standing in a TSA line. I tell you what. I am so livid.    And Wednesday night is a particularly bad night. Now, traffic was bad. They were late getting there. The TSA people wouldn't have the courtesy to accommodate people who could have caught their flight even though they were somewhat late. The plane was there. I was on the phone for hours. One of the individuals whose family is leaving on vacation today had to get back to Orlando to accompany his family. I actually had a staffer drive him and bought him a ticket home last night. So I could put a face on it.    And you can't get a hold of a damn person in TSA even as a Member of Congress, nor would they take your calls. I tell you what, it is just unbelievable, the operation. And you have got your $100,000 people standing around accommodating Members of Congress to get them on a plane and you can't get a passenger on a plane who has to get home to leave with his family.    I want a list of all of those people standing around that chauffer Members of Congress and VIPs up to the front of line, and you can't get three people, one lady with some physical disabilities. I tell you what. I am so disgusted with this. It makes you, Mr. Chairman, lose your focus.    But let me go back to you can delay these people and then here is my GAO report, ``17 known terrorists have flown on 24 different occasions'' passing through your TSA. What was the very most troubling of the testimony that I heard--and you can fail and you will fail and your attempts on the training and recruiting and all that will be a failure, I can tell you that. Now, I told you that on my sofa when you came in because you cannot recruit, you cannot train, you cannot retain, and you cannot administer. It is just a huge failing government program, and it will fail.    But the most troubling thing was the testimony from Mark Livingston, former assistant administrator for TSA's Office of Intelligence and Analysis who testified, ``It is my testimony today that we have non-intel professionals running our Office of Intelligence and Analysis.'' That is the core of the government responsibility, connecting the dots. And he is telling us--and I questioned him about what was going on, and he is saying that that important government function, the most important government function, to find the bad guys, not stop the innocent 99 percent of the travelers, that we have chaos in that operation.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mica. I am sure, Administrator, you have heard or watched the proceedings when we had three TSA officers in here. As I said in my opening remarks, one of my major areas of concern is your intelligence and analyst office and that capability. I had never heard more damaging testimony than I heard under oath on that matter.    And we have detailed information that we have acquired about some of the personnel that are there, and obviously, the qualifications and the background are lacking. What do you want to say to this?    Mr. Mica. And are you currently reviewing the qualifications and the allegations?    Mr. Mica. I think that I would like an outline to the committee. I mean, the screening function is fine and you may find some knives and some guns. They are not going to take down an aircraft. But intelligence is a government responsibility. We don't have good intelligence, and again, I cited an older GAO report where known terrorists are going through the system. This was a risk-based system. So can you provide us with an outline of what you intend to do to correct this situation?    Mr. Mica. Well, again ----    Mr. Neffenger.--it's been recognized recently by the National Counterterrorism Center with one of their prestigious awards for the ----    Mr. Mica. Well, again ----    Mr. Neffenger.--analysis that they've done.    Mr. Mica. Again, it is just most troubling.    The other thing TSA has been giving this line. I have seen it in the press that it is a lack of funds that right now create some of the problems in the lines. That has been put out by TSA, hasn't it?    Mr. Mica. Well, I have seen it from TSA. It is actually staffing. Last night, like at Reagan, at seven o'clock they closed some of the lines. TSA cannot staff to traffic. So, I mean ----    Mr. Mica. Can someone tell us the exact amount?    Mr. Mica. But I am told it is about $300 year. If you are giving--that guy got--we will knock off the one month, so he got $80,000 in bonuses, and I have got people that are doing the work, not sitting in an office.    And I want a full accounting of all the people working in the Washington area. At one time there were 4,000 people within like 10 miles of here working for TSA making on average $103,000. I would like that figure into the record. Can you provide us with that?    Mr. Mica. And then finally, I am not a management analyst, but these folks testified, too, that you went from a risk-based system to the system we see out there with these long lines and everything. We have got the summer coming and they said if you think, what was it, the day after Thanksgiving was bad, that we are going to see that every day. What is plan B? We have gone from a risk-based system down to shaking and thoroughly examining everyone and no Plan B. Can you tell us about Plan B?    Mr. Mica. I ----    Mr. Mica. I respectfully disagree and yield back.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman.    Actually, I want to take a minute and compliment Mr. Cummings. Sometimes he and I disagree, rarely, but his line of questioning--Mr. Neffenger, I am not here just to bust your chops, but his line of questioning was from the other side of the aisle, and what we heard raised great questions, and it was documented by staff the amounts of money that were used to pay to transfer people in retribution.    And then the other thing, too, is sometimes I think--I was telling the chairman I think you are a good guy. I think you were a good guy to be sent in to clean up the mess, but sometimes the leader is fed mushrooms and kept in the dark. I will put that as politely as we can. And Mr. Cummings described to you what we heard is going on, that you are being fed this information by these people who are protecting their rear ends. I am trying to put this in terms that can be transmitted on C-SPAN for the family community. But, again, this is our concern.    I helped create TSA. I will never forget Mr. Mineta and I went out and we--I think it was like we had a goal of 20 or 30 minutes from curb to the gate. That was our goal. That was when it was under the Transportation Committee. And we actually went out and did a thing. And it can be done. We don't have to hassle the 99 percent of the people. We are supposed to be looking for the ones that are getting through.    And, again, you have an attrition rate of an average of about 10 percent, right, for screeners, average across the board? If you can't tell me now ----    Mr. Mica.--I don't know what the attrition ----    Mr. Neffenger.--of--it's higher in the part-time workforce.    Mr. Mica. Okay. You have 4,500 full-time--or 45,000 as your cap. You have 4,500 vacancies at any time. Thirty percent of them are dropping out after you train them and 38 percent of the non-TSO. That is what we have from you. So, again, it is a tub that the water is draining and we are not going to get--that is why it is very hard to administer all those people.    And staffing to traffic, they can't staff to traffic. And you heard, one of your defenders, Mrs. Maloney, sometimes the pre-check line was longer than the others because no one adjusts. It is not a thinking organization. And I don't know how you get it. I am an advocate of private screening under Federal supervision, which hopefully could make better decisions.    But I also want to know the total number of bonuses that were paid in 2015, 2014. I want to know how much--that is for management personnel and your highest level. Then, I want to know the maximum and minimum amount for the screeners. These guys do work hard, and the staff is telling me their max is in the range of $300. And this guy is getting $80,000, and we are screwing the guy that is doing the work and the job? If we paid them better, maybe we could retain them. I know some of the private screening companies pay more than the TSA schedule. They have to pay the minimum. It is not done on the cheap. You are aware of that, aren't you? Do you have that flexibility to pay more?    Mr. Mica. Maybe you need more. Thank you. And I yield back.    Mr. Mica. For Mr. Connolly, I would ----    Mr. Mica. Thank you.    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I spoke earlier about the attrition rate, which overall is about 10 percent, about 4,500 a year, and then the new hires, we are losing about 30 percent of those and 38 percent of the non-TSO, which is information we got from you.    The problem is that is an average. You have 30 airports in the country that handle 75 percent of the traffic, and those numbers are much higher. I know Los Angeles, a whole host of the big ones have had a problem recruiting, retaining, training, and hiring.    You actually have deferred--you told Mr. Hice you have lots of people going through with few exceptions to FLETC, but you actually have given authority to 21 airports, almost all of those the largest in the country, isn't that correct, for local training and hiring?    Mr. Mica. Waivers to 21 locations.    Mr. Mica. We have Boston, O'Hare ----    Mr. Mica. And I don't generally have a problem with that. I think that you can get people to do the training, and there are firms that will do that may be internally. It can be done. But I just want to make sure that was in the record. I disagree with the gentleman who last spoke. And I talked to him about at every airport screening the employees through a metal detector and all of that. In Orlando and Miami it is a waste. I don't know if you are still doing it in Atlanta.    You need to be vetting the employees first before they are hired, and you need to be vetting even the TSA people, which are not all getting cleared. The people who work in the secure areas, we had a hearing, and thousands of them, we didn't have Social Security numbers. Hundreds and hundreds of them are foreign nationals with working papers we don't know anything about. That is what concerns me is the people who have access to secure areas. So vetting and then monitoring those people, knowing who they are.    The dogs, and there is an opinion about dogs. Dogs right now don't deal with the threat that we face. The threat is a non-nitrate-based explosive. Dogs can't detect that, neither can the equipment you have got at the airport. You know that, don't you, sir? Just say--it is yes.    Mr. Mica. I can tell you it is yes because I have tested the system, and I have ordered more tests of the system for the first time in years and will reconfirm that.    And this thing about getting guns and knives and all of that, they aren't going to take down a plane. Those people don't pose a risk. Maybe they did it accidentally. Do you know any of them that intended to take down a plane of those guns and knives that you--none of them. But I do know that known terrorists have gotten through the system. That concerns me.    I do know that your Intel and Analysis division is in chaos from what I have been told. Your intel division lacks a classification guide, we were told, which is a breach of classification guidelines. Did you know that?    Mr. Mica. Well, again, that is what we are told. It says it lacks a classification guide. This is information given to us, also reportedly does not have the capability to internally vet and disseminate intelligence in real-time. Any intelligence information dissemination in the field must be first vetted and then approved by DHS and FBI, sort of a bureaucracy. These are other reasons why we failed to connect the dots in the past, and failing to connect the dots in the future is a concern. And again, I would ask you to respond also to that on intelligence analysis.    The SPP program, to solve your problem, you have got to get out of the screening business. You need to set the rules for the screening, oversee it, and audit it and let the private sector do it. They do it for nuclear facilities, DOD facilities, some of our most secure facilities. You will never get it right with 45,000 personnel across the whole country. It is just not going to work. I can assure you no matter what you do.    I want to speed up this SPP process. It takes a year. Can you prequalify people that can provide screening services?    Mr. Mica. But I would like to see that because this is the first thing. It requires 120 days. We will have dozens of airports that will opt out, but you can still set the rules. You get out of this mess and get into the security business, which will save us from another terrorist attack. I would like a response on how we can clean this up so it doesn't take that long as part of the record. And then ----