    Mr. Benishek. No, thank you. I am just getting up to speed.    The Chairman. Well, I want to thank, Ms. Taylor, thank you and the others for coming.    As a transitional issue, our panelists have agreed graciously--thank you--to go down to 1306, for Members to go down and have a quick word if you want to while we are getting the next panel in. So to facilitate that, Ms. Taylor, you and your team, if you wouldn't mind going to 1306, and our Members will swing by there and talk to you if they want to.    Thank you so very, very much, and we will stand in recess for a couple minutes while we reset, about 10 minutes, and we crank back up. Thanks everybody.    The Chairman. All right. Good afternoon. We will welcome our second panel to the podium. I passed you guys in the hall. I wasn't trying to be rude, so we will have a chance to visit with you and transition to the next panel here in a minute.    With us next we have the Honorable Robert Bonnie, Under Secretary of Natural Resources and Environment at the USDA. And accompanying him will be Jason Weller, who is Chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service, and Ms. Mary Wagner who is the Associate Chief at the Forest Service.    So, thank you for being here this afternoon. We appreciate it. Mr. Bonnie, the floor is yours.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here this afternoon.    I want to follow up on a few questions that my colleague, Mr. Abraham and Chairman Thompson mentioned as well, because they are concerns to me. I represent the northern half of Michigan. We have three Federal forests. It is a big part of our economy, not only our recreation, but the timber management.    And some of the things we see in value for the resource of the forest, which you all are managing for the American people, to me, this is a resource that provides income and jobs for the community. I would like an answer to a couple questions. In response to Mr. Abraham's question about the forest and then the salvage of the fire, so how many acres of timberland have burned in the last 10 years? And then how many of those acres have actually been treated for salvage?    Mr. Benishek. Well, that would be a great answer for me to understand that a little better, because it seems to me that some of the things that came up today related to the salvage issue.    The other question I have is similar. To me, this fuel load is an issue, okay, and how many acres of burn compared to how many acres that we have harvested in the last 5 years? What is the story there?    Mr. Benishek. So much more land is burned than has been harvested, sounds like----    Mr. Benishek. Let me just comment on that right away, that in my district, it is difficult for the people that want to harvest to get into a deal because they can't make a deal for 10,000 acres. They need some smaller deals----    Mr. Benishek. Everybody understands--I mean, at least, I understand the forest. You cut areas out you can make money in. But there are a lot of those areas in the forest that aren't being harvested now. So how can you improve that process, going forward, and then how can I improve it?    Mr. Benishek. I think I am out of time though.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chief Wagner, one final comment real quick. We need to get to the other panel.