    Mrs. Davis. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And if I may, I want to ask unanimous consent to submit our Ranking Member Smith's statement for the record.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Mrs. Davis. And I also wanted to welcome Admiral Harris and General Scaparrotti and to thank you for appearing before our committee today.    The Indo-Asia-Pacific region is critical to our national interests. And despite your best efforts in promoting growth and prosperity through our committed presence and engagement, the challenges that we face, as you well know, are no small task. The North Korean regime resorts to brinkmanship and open provocation to further its objectives. North Korea's nuclear tests have openly defied the international call for a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula, and the regime uses hybrid and asymmetric warfare to reinforce its survivability and to exert undue influence.    As the chairman noted, we must work with our allies in the region to contain the North Korean regime and deter further aggression and, of course, be prepared to act if necessary. Reinforcing our missile defense posture on the peninsula in coordination with South Korea is one step in the right direction.    China continues to press its claims in the South China Sea, and their actions have shown that it too will resort to gray zone tactics short of open conflict to achieve foreign policy goals. Instead of further provocation, China should abide by internationally accepted norms and contribute to a peaceful and equitable resolution to the disputed claims.    These developments, as we all acknowledge, emphasize the need for a persistent U.S. presence. We should continue to bolster collective security, help to peacefully address concerns, facilitate productive multilateral exchanges, encourage democratization efforts, and reinforce ties with our many allies and partners.    Mr. Chairman, I look forward to our presenters today.    Thank you again very much for being here and for your great service to our country. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank the gentlelady.    Just to remind members, immediately upon the conclusion of this open hearing, we will go to a closed classified session with our witnesses today, so if you have questions that touch on classified material, it would be best to do that later.    I am very pleased to welcome our witnesses today: Admiral Harry B. Harris, Commander, U.S. Pacific Command; and General Curtis Scaparrotti, Commander, United Nations Command, Combined Forces Command, and U.S. Forces in Korea.    Without objection, both of your written statements will be made part of the record, and feel free to summarize them or make such other comments as you would like.    Admiral Harris, thanks for being here.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, again, I appreciate you both being here.    I wonder if you could expand a little bit more on the South China Sea issues, obviously the militarization there, China's consolidation of its claims and rejection of internationally accepted methods of dispute. So how might we best mitigate the risk of miscalculation leading to increased tensions or even conflict in the area?    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Admiral.    And, perhaps, General Scaparrotti, with your hat as well, how do we better complement, then, our efforts? Certainly you are speaking to the defense lane very appropriately here today, but I am wondering about other Federal agencies and working with them in diplomatic, economic, and certainly assistance efforts in that kind of holistic way. What are we doing? Which could we be doing more? Where are the gaps?    General Scaparrotti. Well, I think, you know, we know from experience that a holistic approach is always the most effective, and so I think, including Treasury, many of the other agencies here, including them in all that we do, we on--in USFK as a subcomponent command, we also have close connection to all those agencies that work with PACOM, and they are regularly a part of our planning, our exercises, in fact, the one we will do this next month. And I think that type of close collaboration with all the agencies in our government, bringing them into the planning, the exercises that we do, gives them good awareness. And then, you know, as things happen in the theater, we have a relationship, we have an understanding, and we can work and collaborate much more quickly.    Mrs. Davis. And do you see a greater role for Congress in this as well, since we tend to stay in our lane also?    General Scaparrotti. Well, I do. And I appreciate the fact that many Members of Congress come out to see us. Particularly, I know it is a long trip to Korea, but I think Korea is a place that is complex, and until you have stood on the DMZ , then just that picture alone is quite informative, and I appreciate the fact that so many make the trip and have the conversation and discussion with us.    Mrs. Davis. Yeah. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Wilson.