    Ms. Burris. Good afternoon, Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Nadler, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to be here today, and to share my views on another version of the PARTS Act, the PARTS Act of 2015, on none other than Groundhogs Day. I cannot be the only one that noticed that, right? So I have serious concerns with the legislation and the impact it would have in three primary areas. First of all is jobs, good, high paying, white-collar jobs. Second, as we have all been discussing, the safety, and the quality of the vehicles. And third, more important to me, is the impact it would have on our legal system, and more specifically, the degradation of our patent systems. So jobs, briefly, which was set forth in more detail in my written statement, in the United States, this is a hub for industrial designers in the United States for automotive vehicle design. You have 15 OEMs with 21 design centers in the United States, in Michigan, in Ohio, and in California. Those design centers employ roughly 30,000 industrial designers and there is to the tune of billions of dollars being spent in the United States on the look of that car, something that is eye pleasing to the consumers.    And so, this is a hub for industrial designers here in the United States. And in a time when we are pushing STEM education to our youth, I just find it odd that we are pushing students to go that direction, but yet devaluating what it is that an industrial designer produces as a result of their engineering efforts. So number two is the safety and quality, which we will I know talk about more. And one of the things I do not think we have really flushed out a lot is we are not looking at these parts in a vacuum. These parts, these exterior parts of the vehicle, are part of an overall system. And as the automotive manufacturers are putting collision avoidance technology into the vehicles, lane avoidance, lane detection, there are sensors all over the car. And are we looking at the interaction between those sensors and the exterior parts? And what if you replace a part that does not have the same quality standards, will it function the same with the rest of the system? And as we move toward autonomous vehicles, I think that situation gets a little more intense, so that is something I think we should have a conversation around. Third and more important to me as a patent attorney is, okay, so we carve out this exception for repair parts. What is next? I drop my smartphone on the floor. I have to get it repaired. It is too expensive. Do we go to Apple and Samsung and say, ``Hey, guys, guess what? We are going to take away your design patents, too'' because they have many more design patents, and I would love to look at a curve of what their design patents look like in that industry, especially after the Apple-Samsung case.    Secondly, I think the practical impact of the 30 months is really--amounts to much less than 30 months if any term whatsoever, because it is from the date of the offer for sale, and automotive manufacturers, any design patent applicant does not have that design patent in hand as soon as they go launch their product at an auto show, at a trade show, off to the trimmers. So by the time the consumer gets in the car and hits the road, I do not think you are going to see any patent term at all, so that 2-1/2 years does not--it is not 2-1/2 years from a practical standpoint. The language of the bill also talks about motor vehicles. It is not automobiles. We are talking about motorcycles, scooters, farm equipment. If you look at Caterpillar, Harley-Davidson, they own hundreds of design patents themselves, so this is reaching into other industries besides automotive. So that is another concern that I have. And I know that there has been discussions about this type of legislation being enacted in Australia and also in Europe, but I have not seen any facts to show what impact that is having in those countries. And I will also note that the deliberations in the European Union, they are talking about making sure that those parts are being marked and that there is compensation to the original design patent owner. So I will stop my remarks there, and I thank you for your time, and I look forward to our discussions today.    Ms. Burris. Well, I believe there were some studies pointed out in a written statement that I submitted. I have also gathered information from the automotive companies that, for example, a bumper and the material that it is made out of is designed to absorb energy from a crash, and in one specific instance there was a design with I believe some continuous glass fibers in the bumper.    Ms. Burris. Yeah.    Ms. Burris. Yes.    Ms. Burris. Yes, and as a matter of fact, there are reports in my written statement, and I would be glad to follow up with additional reports.    Ms. Burris. Well, there are options for the consumers. The consumers can use refurbished parts. They can repair the parts. There are a lot of technologies you can use to repair. You can also make the design look different.    Ms. Burris. Yes.    Ms. Burris. Well, my concern with reducing it to any term below 14 years is, what other exceptions are going to be made for other industries? That is what I worry about.    Ms. Burris. I do.    Ms. Burris. It is retroactive.    Ms. Burris. Yeah, I think that is a question that the automotive companies should try to answer. From a legal policy standpoint, I would not, I do not, again I worry about what that would do in other areas.    Ms. Burris. Pardon me?    Ms. Burris. Right, because as soon as you make an exception, right?    Ms. Burris. No, it is not true. The consumers have choices. They can go with refurbished parts, remanufactured parts, they can repair the parts. And, you know, from my perspective as a patent attorney, they just need to make it look a little different, and then it will not be infringing the design patent.    Ms. Burris. It is not that tough.    Ms. Burris. That is correct. The last hearing that we had, I believe the testimony was that consumers' insurance premiums would not go down.    Ms. Burris. Well, I think it would significantly dampen that creativity. I mean, there is no incentive to create an invention, whether it be a design patent or utility patent or a plant patent under our systems. Where is the motivation to develop new technology, to advance that technology? I think I put a quote from Abraham Lincoln in my written statement. I mean, it is a fuel that provides incentive to develop new designs, new technology in our country and in countries around the world.    Ms. Burris. Yeah, thank you. I talked a little bit earlier about the design centers in the United States. Industrial design is a little different beast than the traditional engineering that we are used to, mechanical, electrical, chemical, et cetera. There are very creative artist-type engineers, and there are, in the automotive industry, approximately 30,000 industrial designers that are working on, you know, the shape of your door handle on your car, the shape and the colors and the texturing of your side view mirrors, and there is not just one designer working on a car. There may be four designers working on just the handle. I mean, I see--I have gone to--I go to the auto show every year, and I see these really sharp-looking designs on these cars, and those I know are products of industrial designers, so jobs in the United States, not just U.S. companies, but foreign: Honda, Toyota, just in my home state, Toyota and Hyundai put in research centers right between Ann Arbor and Detroit. These are industrial designers developing eye-pleasing cars for U.S. consumers, so 30,000.    Ms. Burris. Well, you name it. Mr. Gillis might have that answer for us on what is more expensive. That should not be too expensive. Smartphones. Consumer apparel, I mean, look at the companies who get design patent protection, you know. You have the Hewlett-Packards and, you know, the shape of a printer, the Nikes, the Apples, the Samsungs. It could go on and on forever.    Ms. Burris. Well, there are laws--our laws provide--well, it is actually now 15 years since we signed up to the Hague, but our design patent protection is 15 years to the date of issue of that patent versus utility patents, which is 20 years from the date of filing the patent application, so there is a different patent term depending on whether it is a design or utility patent.    Ms. Burris. Sure. About the rise in the number of design patents?    Ms. Burris. Right. Well, I mean, under our patent laws, our design patents cover an ornamental article of manufacture, so that is in our laws, and anyone who applies for a design patent is entitled to protection, provided it meets the requirements of the patent office. I think a couple of things are going on with the rise in the number of patents that you see, design patents. I think that number one, first of all, the parts are not the same as they were 15 years ago. They are much more advanced technologically with new materials, with integration with other sensor systems in the car, and the styling of the cars is much more attractive than it used to be 15 years ago. I think that offshore companies are able to make those parts very quickly with digital scanning technologies. They do not have to cut a tool or a mold. They scan the part. They have got a tool automatically, and they can chunk out parts very quickly, so there became--I think there came in this influx, which is why it went to the IFTC of parts that were basically copied, so that was a response to, I think in part, a response to the influx of parts that were being copied overseas.    Secondly, and I am actually going to do this when I get back home when I have time. Design patents overall have taken off. They really have shot up at a much higher rate than they have in the past overall, and there are statistics at the patent office that you can see, and I think ever since that Apple-Samsung case, design patents are--they are kind of in vogue right now. A lot of people are filing more and more design patents, and it is not just the automotive companies.    Ms. Burris. That is correct.    Ms. Burris. Yeah, my primary objection is this carve-out, this exception for automotive repairs parts and where might that lead us after this? What else might be too expensive for the consumers? There has got to be another way to fix this.    Ms. Burris. In the United States?    Ms. Burris. Outside of pharmaceuticals and generics, I am not aware of any. There is certainly not any in the design patent world.    Ms. Burris. Oh, absolutely. As I mentioned earlier the shape, the look of the car has been--the car companies have spent a lot of money with their industrial designers to come up with that eye-pleasing design, and now we are going to say, ``Well, no, we are not going to allow you any protection on that.'' I mean, it is a lot of effort that goes into these, you know, ``repair parts.'' It is more than that.    Ms. Burris. That is my read, yes.    Ms. Burris. Correct. Yes.    Ms. Burris. Correct.    Ms. Burris. Well, sure.    Ms. Burris. Sure. I mean, when a patent applicant filed their application 5 years ago, the bargain was--I mean, that is the quid pro quo. I am going to disclose my design in return for a 14-year, which is now a 15-year, term. That is what you bargained for when you filed that patent application. That application that was filed 5 years ago, if this bill were to go through, would be expired if it were--it would just be gone. It would evaporate.    Ms. Burris. Actually, I had not really thought about that.    Ms. Burris. No.    Ms. Burris. Yeah, that is what the law says; 15 now, actually.    Ms. Burris. Yeah.    Ms. Burris. Pardon me?    Ms. Burris. How long?    Ms. Burris. Sure.    Ms. Burris. It is 15 years from the date of issue. If it is filed on or after May 13th of 2015, it is now 15 years under the Hague agreement.    Ms. Burris. I am not familiar with the years of legislation on dresses, no.    Ms. Burris. All right, I am sorry.    Ms. Burris. The law, the design patent law----    Ms. Burris. Well, I have an engineering background, as well.    Ms. Burris. I would be happy with a term that the design patent laws provide----    Ms. Burris. The current law is now actually 15, but 14, yeah. It is 15 under the Hague.    Ms. Burris. No    Ms. Burris. No.    Ms. Burris. I am sticking to the language of the design patent laws. The 15 years is what we should----    Ms. Burris. I do believe a patent owner should be entitled to enforce their patent, yes.    Ms. Burris. Well, the title says, ``Siren,'' so yes.    Ms. Burris. Now, I look at it. Now it looks like a siren.    Ms. Burris. Honestly, when I looked at this side, I thought, I wondered, if it was an ice cream maker, maybe because it is getting late in the day.    Ms. Burris. This design patent covers the ornamental appearance of this article of manufacture, at this time 14 years from the date it issued.    Ms. Burris. What do you mean by in its entirety?    Ms. Burris. I am not sure I follow your question. You are talking about someone who might be trying to design around this patent?    Ms. Burris. I cannot say how narrow it is not knowing the prior art. I mean, there is some prior art listed here on the front, but I would have to take a closer look to see how broad or narrow it would be.    Ms. Burris. Oh, yes, I am very familiar with consumable part protection, yes.    Ms. Burris. For not just Xerox, for other industries as well.    Ms. Burris. Well, they spent a lot of money designing a product that, I mean, that they had patent protection on. They should be able to enforce the patent.    Ms. Burris. Yeah, I am not familiar with their patent portfolio.    Ms. Burris. Sure, oh, you can always design around a patent. You can always get--it is just, you know, how much more expensive is it going to be? Is it going to perform the same way? But you can--even design patents, you can design around them.    Ms. Burris. You mean, the front and the back?    Ms. Burris. Well, the quarter panels.