    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this important and timely bipartisan hearing. Within the 2nd Congressional District of South Carolina which I represent, is Zeus Corporation of Orangeburg, Prysmian Cable of Lexington, and HEY of Aiken. These three companies share a common bond. They all produce parts for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner which is currently being built outside of Charleston, South Carolina. And in just in the last 5 years, they now have 8,000 employees at the facility in Charleston. Zeus Corporation manufactures the tubing for the aircraft. Prysmian Cable makes the internal cable. And HEY produces the key interior components of the Dreamliner. Additionally, Thermal Engineering of Columbia provides composite painting of the Dreamliners creating jobs.    As we continue to debate reauthorization, I hope we can focus on the fact of jobs and that there are more than 60 competing international export credit agencies that undercut and destroy American jobs daily. In a perfect work, the Export-Import Bank would not not be needed, but unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, we do not live in a perfect world.    I am really grateful to hear my colleague from Massachusetts. We share a real appreciation of BMW. It is the largest single facility of BMW and South Carolina is the leading export of cars. We are also the leading manufacturer and exporter of tires. And so with Michelon, with Bridgestone, Continental, Giti, our state has made such progress and I am particularly grateful to find out that our friends and neighbors of Massachusetts appreciate this too. I yield back.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank each of you for being here and the opportunities really provided to create jobs and as was stated by Mr. Keating, the State of South Carolina, we are so grateful to be the number one exporter of cars. Who would imagine in 20 years from zero with BMW and the last 3 years the leading manufacturer of tires and the leading exporter. And this is by Michelin which has the largest single investment in the world in the district I represent. Also, we are grateful for Bridgestone Japanese, Continental German, and Giti Singapore. So over and over, we see the benefit of trade.    With that, Ms. Littlefield, with the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, how is the corporation funded?    Mr. Wilson. And this would be through fees?    Mr. Wilson. And so it is not taxpayer funded?    Mr. Wilson. And how much would be the net reduction on average?    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, and Mr. Hochberg, the same. How is the EXIM Bank financed?    Mr. Wilson. But there are accusations that you are conducting crony capitalism. But yet it is actually a payback for the benefit of the taxpayers.    Mr. Wilson. Well, that is certainly a story that the American people and my constituents need to know. So thank you very much.    And Ms. Zak, what types of criteria must a business meet to qualify for trade promotion and investment programs? What types of factor might prevent a company from receiving assistance?    Mr. Wilson. And again, Mr. Hochberg, the EXIM Bank charter specifically states that you will not compete with the private sector. And because of this, it is a bank of last resort. How do you ensure that people have attempted to use the private sector and not succeeded?    Mr. Wilson. Thank you. And as I conclude, I appreciate again Mr. Keating giving me the opportunity to talk about the Port of Charleston. Just in the last month, Governor Nikki Haley secured from Daimler $\1/2\-billion investment for trucks, and then last Monday, Volvo Corporation announced its first North American manufacturing facility at Ridgeville, South Carolina in the district of Congressman Jim Clyburn. So we see a huge benefit. Thank you very much.