    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all for being here. I appreciate you offering testimony and perspective.    Ms. Clarke, I apologize that I missed your oral testimony, but I did have a chance to read through your written testimony, and I see a number of statements here regarding frustrations.    Let me ask. Do you think the sage grouse--and I am sure I am asking you to repeat yourself--is worth protecting?    Mr. Graves. Mr. Miller?    I am sorry.    Mr. Graves. Mr. Miller, I assume----    Mr. Graves. OK. All right, I----    Mr. Graves. Great, thank you. In reading this, it seems that there appears to be some frustration. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but the disconnect, perhaps, between the Federal Government coming in and taking a one-size-fits-all approach, as compared to giving you the ability to develop more prescriptive plans in your states to manage these species.    Ms. Clarke, in your written testimony, there is a dichotomy developing between the state of Utah's collaborative planning process and growing Federal unilateralism. It is becoming increasingly imbalanced and adversarial. Results have been stunning and directly contradict the recent gloom and doom predictions concerning sage grouse. Of course, that is pertaining to the efforts that Utah has undertaken.    Then, last, you are experiencing numerous frustrations working with the Federal land management agencies. Federal agencies are focusing most of their effort on finding new ways to regulate human activity, relentless efforts to force more standardized and irrelevant mandates on the use of land not only threatens the conservation of species, but unnecessarily imposes hardship on the hardworking citizens of the West.    You have indicated your willingness and your belief that the species should be protected. It sounds like, in this case, that the state believes that it can develop a more prescriptive approach that may result in better results than, again, the one-size-fits-all approach of the Federal land management agencies. Is that accurate?    Mr. Graves. Mr. Miller, do you care to offer any additional comments in regard to that line of questioning, and the ability of the state to develop a tailored plan, based on your actual habitat, as compared to having the Federal Government come in?    Mr. Graves. Yours is a little thicker; I didn't get all the way through it.    Mr. Graves. Thank you. Ms. Clarke, your perspective is unique, in that you have had both Federal and state experience. I am sure that must be very helpful in your efforts here.    Mr. Chairman, I can't help but think I have seen this before, and I am not real sure where, but a situation where the states and the Federal Government probably have the same objective in regard to the sustainable management of species, where the states can develop more tailored plans that are better equipped, based upon their constituents and the habitat that they are specifically facing, yet the Federal Government is coming in and managing unilaterally.    Mr. Chairman, I can't tell you how much I appreciate you having this hearing today. I can't tell you how much I agree with you that this is exactly how species should be managed. And I just want to congratulate you for your great work. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Graves. As you leave, maybe we can get some sage grouse down in Louisiana, so you can complement that with the red snapper. Is that what you are talking about?    Mr. Graves. That is right. For those that aren't drawing the parallels, that would be with red snapper. Thank you.    The Chairman. I got it, yes. OK.    Mr. Newhouse.