    Mr. Costello. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. At the outset I would like to pick up on the comments that my colleagues Mr. Coffman and Ms. Titus made relating to some of the gaming of compensation within the VA. It almost seems like friends are rewarding friends rather than focusing on reforming the VA. And so I would just reiterate that I think that we really need to get to the bottom of how pervasive that may be in the VA. But that is something obviously I am sure all of us as members will discuss a little bit more.    I also want to commend you for your continued work in providing accountability and shining a light on the abuses there. Typically this committee will have witnesses before them that we can ask questions who either were culpable or who can actually speak to how they are either reforming the challenges or what mistakes were made along the way. But today we do not have that, we just have you. So I do not, I am sure it is a little bit odd that you are here delivering bad news, we are as outraged as anyone, but we do not have anyone really to direct that outrage to.    Let me start with a couple of really fact specific questions just for the record. First, with respect to Philadelphia and Ms. Rubens, as well as Ms. Graves and St. Paul, any evidence that family considerations were part of the reason why they wanted to relocate to those facilities?    Mr. Costello. All right. I just know that in the past I believe there was some testimony by Ms. Rubens indicating that family was nearby, but there was nothing, you were not able to unravel anything more to that?    Mr. Costello. Okay. During your review of Ms. Rubens' move to Philadelphia, were you able to determine when she placed the deposit on the construction of her new home in Philadelphia? And the reason I am asking that question is because I would like to know whether that was before or after her reassignment took place.    Mr. Costello. Okay. Next, and this is as much about me making sure that I describe this accurately when I leave this room as anything, you had testified essentially that the VBA basically had a process to circumvent the pay freeze and bonus freeze mechanisms that were in place, is that correct?    Mr. Costello. So it is fair to say that I believe the reason why we had pay freezes and no more bonuses was sort of the VA's attempt to say we are going to take responsibility here, the wrongdoing that has been uncovered we are going to get to the bottom to and we are not going to, in the process we are not going to receive bonuses or increased pay, and yet they basically just did it, right? They just did it anyway?    Moving forward, you had said at this point in time you do not have recommendations on how to prevent that from happening moving forward. At some point in time will you issue recommendations to that effect? Or is this really just people doing the wrong thing and you can put all the rules in place, and if they are going to do what they are going to do and violate the rules, they are going to violate the rules?    Mr. Costello. Okay. In your position, looking at the rules, not looking at these specific facts, but just looking at those rules, do they make sense? Would you look at them and say this is sufficient, there are sufficient enforcement mechanisms here to make sure that people do not get pay increases, people do not get bonuses? Or do they really have to go further? Because----    Mr. Costello. That is a brilliant point. Because I asked myself, how many rules can we put in place? And if people are acting with integrity we may not have to put that many more rules back in place. But if they are not acting with integrity we are going to put all the rules in the world in there and it still will not matter. And that is the frustrating thing.    And I will just add I am not going to get into the IG report on what is happening in Philly. But it really bothers me to hear that we have apparently made some progress in implementing some of the reforms at the Philadelphia VARO but the person who was there spearheading that has done what she has done. And so the veracity of which just further calls into question the credibility of the reforms that have been made. And it really is, I am flabbergasted by this report. Absolutely stunned. But I commend you for your ongoing work on behalf of the VA.    Mr. Costello. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you very much, Mr. Costello. I would draw members' attention to page 18 of the report, where Ms. Rubens said that she grew up in Delaware and that the Philadelphia RO was close to home. She also testified in this committee that her mother was just a few miles down the road. And Ms. Graves, on page 22 it states that she stated that the move to St. Paul got her closer to her mother. So that answers those questions. Ms. Brown, do you have any closing comments?