    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate what you are doing. I have been a freshman Member and have not had an opportunity to ask questions in the past, so thank you on behalf of----    The Chairman. Now you are a more advanced Member that does not have the chance to ask questions.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you. I do have John Kerry in Foreign Affairs, and that is an important topic for me.    I want to follow the line of Mr. Hice from Georgia, in that Puerto Rico has not issued an audited financial statement and they won't until April, according to the Governor--and there is a letter in Reuters over that. Paul Ryan has requested we take action by March, but we are not going to have an audited financial statement until April. So, I think Congress is flying blind, and I do not believe we should take any action until we truly know an audited financial picture of the Commonwealth.    But I will say this, following the gentleman's line earlier about bankruptcy and access to capital markets, I believe bankruptcy will actually close access to financial markets for Puerto Rico for an indeterminate number of years and that would be detrimental, I think, to rebuilding and some of the quality of life issues.    When I study this and I look at the amount of money that may be available for debt service, there are a lot of different figures thrown around. So, Mr. Weiss, I would ask what you believe the amount of money available for debt service, in terms of percentage of the budget, would be for 2016?    Mr. Duncan. So, you are sticking to that 42 percent number that has been touted by a lot of different sources?    Mr. Duncan. I realize that some of the government borrowing and loans and other things cannot be used to pay debt service, and that is common. But those can be used to provide for other services that the government provides. That frees up money that is not being used in these calculations that is available for debt service.    I am going to ask to submit for the record testimony to the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, Orrin Hatch's committee, by Carlos Colon-De-Armas, Mr. Chairman. I believe with him that that number is closer to 16 percent. So, I think we need to get a better handle on what monies are available for Puerto Rico for true debt service, and what monies are available for Puerto Rico for public services other than debt service, so that we can truly compare apples to apples and not be an alarmist and say that only 42 percent of the total available resources for Puerto Rico are obligated.    Mr. Chairman, I don't have a lot of questions. I wanted to make those points, and I do want to provide this for the record because I think it is so important. With that, I will yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Tsongas.