    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate the panel here today and, General, particularly, your service to our country.    I want to talk about particularly the branches and support that you receive from all. You know, within the current budget environment you know the support for special operations is clearly strained.    For example the Navy's intent to cut the reserve helicopter squadrons 84 and 85 which actually provided, you know, 70 percent of the lift for special operators. And obviously the Navy, you know, they saw it as an underutilized helicopter squadrons because it wasn't supporting the Navy mission necessarily. And it kind of got lost in the shuffle.    So if you could, is there a way for you to tell me the dollar amount in regards to what the service branches, what the quantity of support is that they provide you? Is there a way of breaking out what that is? Whether it is, you know, big Army, or the Navy, or the Air Force? Is there a way or is there a measurement of exactly what that costs those branches?    General Votel. Congressman, I think there probably is. I would, with your indulgence, I would take that for the record and try to provide you a response in terms of how we do that. I would just say right up front though that, as I mentioned in my remarks, we are extraordinarily dependent on the services.    Mr. Nugent. Absolutely.    General Votel. You know SOCOM has been well taken care of by the committee. And for that we are very grateful. But the message that I try to continue to send is that while we are grateful for the support we get for SOCOM, it is the impact on the services you point out that really does impact what we do.    Mr. Nugent. That is why I was wondering what that impact is. Because my understanding is that they don't. No one has ever sat down and said you know what does it cost us----    General Votel. Yes.    Mr. Nugent . To support.    General Votel. And I would add that I think that it is multidimensional. It is, as you suggest, helicopters. And, by the way, I appreciate the support of this committee and subcommittee in helping ameliorate some of that and alleviate some of the stress that that loss of those squadrons.    Mr. Nugent. Yes. I just want to make sure that as we are drawing down, and particularly, you know, the branches as the resources become less for them, that we have a way of knowing that they are fully resourcing the mission of the special operators to make sure that you can get to the places you need to get to. I am sure that is never a problem. But I would think on the training side, that is where you start getting hurt.    General Votel. Congressman, you are exactly right. And I will speak for the service that I come from, the Army. You know right now every rotation we have out at the national training center in California has a SOF component to it to some extent.    So while we should be concerned about the impacts and the hard decisions services are making, the one aspect of the environment that we have now that we didn't have 12, 15 years ago was the interdependence and the real understanding of SOF conventional force integration.    I am extraordinarily proud of this. And if there has been a positive aspect to being at war for this long, one of those positive aspects is it has created the interdependence between conventional forces and SOF forces.    And as I talk with the service chiefs and other senior leaders, this is something that we always recommit ourselves to, to ensuring that we continue to train together, and we continue to build on those hard won lessons from combat.    Mr. Nugent. And just to build on Representative Hunter's question, and I am not sure, and I don't totally understand, you know, what the issue is. Well, I do understand what is the issue. But it is hard for me to fathom that. When I put deputies out on the street, I know exactly if I hired a deputy, I had to have this, this, this, and this and everybody got that kit. Unless you had something special, if it was a sniper, different story.    So I don't understand what is going on with, you know, the SEALs in regards to pulling weapons back and it is typically the one you sleep with. That is the one you work with. That is the one you train on. So it would be interesting to hear from Representative Hunter what the answer is that you come back with. I appreciate that.    General Votel. Thank you, Congressman.    Mr. Nugent. I yield back.    General Votel. Thank you.    Mr. Nugent. Mr. Chairman, Thank you.