    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much to all the witnesses that are here today who have dedicated so much of their time, efforts, energy, and lives to confronting this crisis, either through treatment, community health or through law enforcement. We are grateful for your commitment and all you do to try to address this problem head-on, and I want to thank the chairman of the committee and of the subcommittee as well for calling an important hearing.    There are few people in this country that have been spared the heartbreaking impact of watching a loved one, a neighbor, a friend, a colleague fall victim to opiate addiction. It is an epidemic striking red states and blue states, small towns and big cities, neighborhoods rich and poor. The breadth and depth of this epidemic is truly staggering, and there is no silver bullet. But perhaps there is a silver lining, which you have heard already this morning. It translates into strong bipartisan consensus here in Washington that we have to do something about it.    Back home in the 4th District of Massachusetts, there is not an event that I go to where this topic does not come up. Communities like Fall River in Taunton have been particularly hard-hit. Local leaders are working tirelessly to respond.    Across the Commonwealth, we confront a growing epidemic. In 2013, there were 978 opioid-related deaths in Massachusetts, according to the Department of Public Health, which has yet to release 2014 figures. In fiscal year 2014, there were more than 104,000 admissions to State-contracted substance abuse treatment programs in Massachusetts, more than 53 percent of which were for heroin addiction.    Despite these numbers, I repeatedly hear from providers in my district that there is a profound lack of resources for the prevention and treatment of substance abuse, especially when it comes to opioid addiction. Insufficient wraparound services, low reimbursement rates, and bureaucratic barriers to treatment harm patients and undermine our efforts to reverse addiction trends.    According to CPAC, the New England Comparative Effectiveness Public Advisory Council, 133,000 people in New England abuse or are addicted to opiates. Of those, 70 percent meet the criteria for treatment but cannot access it. We know that this is a problem with no silver bullet solution. We are working to chip away at it, and I am proud to have joined Representative Whitfield this morning in reintroducing legislation to reauthorize the NASPER program, the National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting program. The program is designed to provide grants to states for the establishment, implementation, and improvement of prescription drug monitoring programs. We know that timely access to patient records and high standards of interoperability are successful with PDMPs, and this legislation will give providers the tools that they need to identify and treat at-risk behavior.    To those of you who are here today to testify, you are on the frontlines of this epidemic. You are fighting every single day for our communities, our neighborhoods and our backyards. This gives you unparalleled insight into what works and to what doesn't. We are here today to learn from you, to take the lessons that you have learned from your cities and towns, and try to transport them across the entire country.    Let me just say I first became aware of the scope of this addiction and the scope of this problem as a prosecutor in local communities in Massachusetts, finding young men and women that were breaking into 15 cars in a night, five, six homes over the course of the weekend, undercover agents that were putting themselves at great risk to try to keep our communities safe. So for those of you in law enforcement that are here, I look forward to hearing your ideas. From those folks back home that I have talked to, they have profound recognition that we will not arrest our way out of this problem, but very much look forward to hearing your solutions as to what we can do going forward, and I yield back my time.