    Ms. Dale. Chairman Royce----    Ms. Dale. Hit the button. I will start again.    Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel and distinguished members of the committee, thank you very much for putting together this timely and very important hearing today and for inviting me to speak.    The views I will express are my own and should not be construed as representing the official position of the Heritage Foundation.    I come before you as someone who has studied U.S. public diplomacy for years and as a former journalist. I have interviewed enough dissidents of Cold War days to appreciate the profound importance and the moral obligation we have of reaching citizens of countries under authoritarian or totalitarian control with truthful information.    The recent past has shown that it does make a difference, sometimes changing the course of history itself. Unfortunately, after the end of the Cold War the United States all but disarmed itself in the battle for hearts and minds in Russia and its neighboring countries.    It was assumed that the West had won the ideological battle and strategic decisions were made in public diplomacy and international broadcasting that turned out to be huge mistakes.    Today, we are scrambling to increase broadcasting and digital capacity to counter Russian disinformation. The relevant U.S. agencies in this information war are, of course, primarily the Broadcasting Board of Governors, or the BBG, which oversees all U.S. civilian international broadcasting, the State Department and to some extent the Department of Defense.    To give you a preview of my conclusion, the U.S. Government must ramp up its international broadcasting capacity but it has to be done through the reform of the BBG. At present, this is our most important tool in this information war.    The BBG has over the past decade shut down many language services and radio transmissions which now turn out to be critically important. The motivation has been budget constraints and the desire to focus on the Internet and, at times, satellite television.    In 2008, VOA ended its broadcasts in Russian the very week Russia invaded Georgia. After the invasion, the decision was not reversed.    Short wave radio was abandoned and whatever English language content there was to be rebroadcast in Russia had to be negotiated with Russian local AM and FM stations.    Moscow finally shut down all VOA broadcasting in 2014. But the United States has, as we heard, allowed Russian media to flourish within our own borders in the name of freedom of expression.    RT has impressive television studios right here in the nation's capital. The contrast could not be more stark. The conditions attached to rebroadcasting of VOA English content to Russia were heavy handed and I just want to give you a short personal anecdote.    I was invited on a program, a foreign policy discussion at VOA in 2012. It was just before the Russian Presidential election and I asked if we were going to discuss it and I was told no, the management had told them, the journalists, that they could not discuss the Russian election because Voice of Russia had threatened to cancel its agreement with the BBG if the U.S. Government allowed VOA to go ahead with a discussion of the Russian election.    Now, why this mattered so much is hard to understand but a global audience were thereby deprived of a discussion of the subject.    The management at VOA, the producers, followed orders from Moscow and it should be mentioned that this is the same management that often fiercely resists any editorial influence from the U.S. Government itself.    Currently, the only content offered from VOA in Russian is Internet-based Skype video and use broadcasts as well as VOA's Russian language Web site. Now, it is argued that the Internet is the best way to reach Russians because they have a high level of Internet connectivity as an advanced society.    Yet, VOA's Russian service Web site ranks number 3,828 in Russia, which does not compare very well with RT's influence here in the United States where it is something like number 64.    Radio Free Europe and Radio Liberty, the U.S. Government's surrogate broadcasters, have run into the same problems as VOA. They also took a major beating in the international press in 2012 when the management of Radio Liberty fired most of its Moscow staff.    I can see I am running out of time. I just wanted to mention finally that we are trying to play catch up in reform legislation and in the BBG's strategy paper produced in 2015. I mean, sorry--for 2015, 2016 on countering a revisionist Russia.    But we are playing catch up here and I would be happy to discuss that further with you.    Ms. Dale. May I make a remark? I think you are absolutely right that the diversity of views and the diversity of news is what we thrive on in this country and we are fortunate that we can make up--listen to whatever we want and make up our own mind about what we think is the truth and oftentimes a lot of people reporting from different perspectives will arrive at something that looks like the facts.    Well, in Russia and in the countries--areas that they occupy like eastern Ukraine they were shut down, the independent media--any media that is not controlled by them the moment that they move in and that is how you persuade a local population of one point of view.    It permeates the airwaves to a degree we don't see here at all and can't probably comprehend and I hear this from Ukrainians on the ground.    The moment the Russians come into a town you will start to hear different points of views from their friends and family who live there because suddenly they have been presented with a set of facts which are only from one perspective and that is the one of the Russian Government.    I want to commend Peter for saying that the journalists and raising the level of journalism is important. We can support journalists.    As far as journalistic outlets--trained journalists--in Ukraine the journalists who work in the battle zone don't even--many of them don't have any body armor. They don't have any helmets.    They don't--they are not equipped in any way, shape or form for reporting from front lines and yet they are trying. We here in the United States have the means to support them materially and with training and that, I think, would be--establishing some credibility and some credible voices that trust in the journalistic enterprise that is missing as something that we need to work on to interject in Russia, Ukraine and the countries that are under its influence.    Ms. Dale. If I could just make a remark on what we could and should be doing from our side, because it is very easy to kind of feel like the Internet takes over your brain and suddenly, you know, you feel like your head is going to explode.    I think it is critically important that part of our strategy is to, within the U.S. Government and within the news organizations that are independent, to try to expose what is going on so that when you do see a credible news organization suddenly being sponsored by the Russian Government or advertising supplements in the newspapers or things that happen online that we have a response team, preferably interagency within the U.S. Government or within possibly collaborating with other organizations that we do not just sit in a receptive mode but that--as we did during the Cold War.    Yes, this is a different age but I think the principles that applied then still apply today, that an untruth has to be confronted by a truth. That is really the only thing you can fight it with.    You may--the volume may be different today but the principle has to be the same and we had that capacity in the past. In the past, we fought Soviet disinformation very effectively and eventually saw the end of the Soviet Union.    I am confident that today, if we put together a sufficient strategy, we can do the same thing and we should.