    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I share your frustration with the lack of information, so maybe we could work together on that subpoena.    I do want to ask you, Mr. Orner, and maybe Mr. Horowitz you could jump in here. We are talking about the custody of firearms, and we have a bill on the Floor maybe later today and tomorrow that ties in with DHS in a direct way. The bill would prevent anyone on the terrorist watch list from obtaining a firearm, but the language of the bill requires that there be probable cause.    Now, that is a pretty high standard, and I am concerned that in many cases we do not require probable cause. We require reasonable cause for somebody to be placed on the terrorist watch list. So we have a reasonable suspicion that this person might be engaged in terrorist-related activity.    But the bill would require, in order to stop that person from purchasing a firearm, a higher standard. In other words, DHS or the Joint Terrorism Task Force or the FBI would have to have probable cause, a higher standard, in order to stop a person who is on the terrorist watch list or on the no-fly list from purchasing a firearm.    Now, Mr. Orner or Mr. Horowitz, would you hazard an estimate of the efficacy of that provision of requiring probable cause to block somebody who is on the terrorist watch list but we don't necessarily have probable cause, we have reasonable cause, what the impact of that provision might have on the safety of the American public?    Mr. Lynch. And you are an advisor, too, though, sir, right?    Mr. Lynch. You can't blame a guy for fishing, though, right?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Mr. Horowitz?    Mr. Lynch. All right.    Mr. Horowitz.--but on the question of what standard to ----    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Horowitz.--to include, that's not something that, as a policy matter ----    Mr. Lynch. All right, Mr. Horowitz. All right. You have suffered enough. Let me ask you something you might know about. In my experience, I spend a fair amount of time in the prisons in my district briefly, and in most cases there is fairly good coverage of cameras. There is, obviously because of prison violence, accusations against corrections officers, contraband, so most of the prisons that we visit have strong surveillance.    And I am just wondering, you know, you have got this armory and you yourself in your testimony admitted that there is no record really of munitions going into an armory, leaving an armory, there is no written record, and I am just worried--I am concerned about--what is the status of our surveillance, our camera surveillance at those facilities if you could enlighten the committee.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Horowitz.--you might suspect, oftentimes inmates or correction officers who want to engage in that kind of conduct know where to go so they're not on camera. That's a very significant issue the BOP needs to address.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. I see my time is expired unless, Mr. Orner, you want to add anything to that.    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. All right. Thank, sir. Thank you. I yield back. Thank you for your courtesy, Mr. Chairman.