    Mr. Green. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Of course, I thank my colleagues for being with us today. And I am grateful that you have given considerable thought to these questions.    I will have an opening statement that I will deliver at a later time, but I do think it important to note that I don't think you will find a Member of Congress who won't agree that we should pay our debts. I don't think you will find a Member of Congress who would say we should shut down the government.    However, I do know that there are Members of Congress who contend that you can make partial payments, and by making a partial payment you somehow cause everything to go on and you don't have a disruption in domestic markets and international markets.    The witnesses who will be testifying after my colleagues will indicate some of the concerns that they have with reference to disruptions of markets in the event we make a partial payment of our debts, partial payment meaning just decide to pay the principal and interest, take care of the Treasuries, make sure the bonds are paid, and overlook things like Medicaid, Medicare, and Social Security. There is at least one witness who thinks that we should overlook Social Security, just pay the interest on the debt.    So with that as the circumstance, Mr. Pocan, would you advocate in any way making a partial payment, meaning pay some parts of the debt, but not paying all of the debts?    Mr. Green. I think it is also important that we give some definition to the term, ``raise the debt ceiling.'' Because I think there is a nebulous notion in the minds of the public as to what this actually means.    It really means to pay the bills you have already incurred, that you have agreed to pay. Pay the bills that are owed and properly due as opposed to some notion that we are now trying to extend credit beyond some unreasonable amount. We are talking about money owed to people, in many cases doctors who will help us with Medicare and Medicaid, or money owed to businesses, but we are talking about paying what is owed.    That is what raising the debt ceiling means, that we are simply going to pay the debt that we already owe, in fact that Congress has agreed to pay. Is this a fair statement, Mr. Pocan?    Mr. Green. And if you have third parties that we owe money to and they are, let us call them a part of the international community, and they see us bickering about paying debts that are already owed, does that have an adverse impact on them, do you think?    Mr. Green. I thank you very much. And I will yield back. My time is up.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to thank these witnesses as well. And I would note that prioritizing debt, such as you pay P&I, principal and interest, is but another way to say ``default.'' It really is.    It is a means by which we will honor obligations to some and default on obligations to others. And some of the witnesses on the Republican side have indicated that prioritizing and paying some debt is not preferable, that there are consequences.    And in fact, one witness--I have read all of the testimony, but one witness, and I am going to take a stab at your name, is it Ms. ``de Rugy?''    Ms. de Rugy. Yes.    Mr. Green. Okay. Ms. de Rugy--thank you--has indicated on page three of her testimony in the first full paragraph, to be sure, default should not be an option on the table. We will talk about that later. She also goes on to say that while Washington has difficult choices to make, defaulting on its debt obligations should not be part of the discussion about how to handle the debt limit or reduce long-term government spending.    So why are we talking about prioritizing debt? What is this leading up to? Well, I think a better name for this hearing today would be, ``How to mislead voters away from legislation and toward confrontation.'' Because we are some 400-days-plus away from the debt ceiling, some 9,000-plus hours; there is plenty of time to deal with this debt ceiling without creating a crisis.    There is no pending crisis now, no impending crisis. And because there is no impending crisis, we have somehow concluded that we need to now strategize on how we can prioritize the debt such that we can later on create a crisis. This crisis that we are creating gets in the way of legislation.    The same witness, who is from George Mason University, has given the Majority an outline of what can be done to deal with the so-called debt ceiling and has indicated that there are several things that can be done and we should be pursuing the outline of what can be done. This is what some of your witnesses have indicated, that there are things that we can do to eliminate the possibility of having a debt ceiling that creates a confrontation.    So we should be engaged in legislation right now. We should be legislating Mr. McClintock's bill.    And finally this: The Majority has the control of both the House and the Senate. You indicated that if you could get control, you would do all of these things to deal with the debt ceiling, yet rather than deal with the legislative side of it, we are here today plotting a means by which we can have a partial default, and trying to convince the public that a partial default will in some way not be the equivalent of a default that would cause us to lose credit ratings, won't cause investors to conclude that Treasuries are not the best investment for them.    Just pay the principal and interest. And by the way, when you just pay the principal and interest, you will not be paying payments to small businesses and contractors and vendors, Medicare payments to doctors, Medicaid payments to doctors and health providers. We won't be paying for the school lunch programs. We won't be paying for the NIH grants that we have outstanding. We won't be paying the salaries and benefits to Federal employees. We won't be paying for tax refunds.    By making a partial payment, we then eliminate all of these other things that we are obligated to pay. So I don't think that this hearing is seriously about anything other than finding a clever way to default at some point in the future when the debt ceiling may become an issue because right now it has been suspended.    And I take the debt ceiling seriously. I take debt seriously. I think we ought to cut and I think we ought to increase revenue so as to avoid having to have a debt crisis that will be something that we can manage, but for some reason, today we are going to look the other way and misdirect.    I yield back.    Mr. Green. I thank the gentlelady.    And let us start with this notion that you have to have the House and the Senate and the President to legislate. That didn't stop us from voting more than 50 times to repeal the Affordable Care Act without the House and the Senate and the President. Legislate, you are in the Majority now. Do what the Majority should do and has a responsibility to do. Legislate!    Pass Mr. McClintock's bill. I know what it does. But then you will have legitimized that process.    What you want to do is have the Administration legitimize a process that has severe consequences so that you can continue to blame Barack Obama.    And I yield to myself the notion that I should say, ``President Barack Obama.'' And I am going to do that, but I had to do that for emphasis.    This is what it is all about. You have witnesses on your side who have indicated that we should not default. Let us test this. If you think we should default on the debt, raise your hand. Let the record reflect that no one has raised a hand. They don't think we should default.    Now, Mr. Stone, prioritizing and paying P&I only, is that a form of default?    Mr. Green. So that is a form of default, all right.    Let me ask my other friends on the panel. What do you call paying P&I only, not taking care of Social Security, not taking care of military obligations, not taking care of Medicaid and Medicare? What do you call the failure to take care of those things?    And I will start with the lady that I called on earlier, Ms. de Rugy.    Ms. de Rugy. I call that scare tactics.    Mr. Green. Let me ask you this--    Ms. de Rugy. In 2013 and 2011--    Mr. Green. --if I may intercede, please, since I have the time. You call it scare tactics. Let me ask you this. You call default only if you don't pay P&I. That is your definition of default, I see, because if you thought that failure to pay P&I is default, then you would have to conclude that you are defaulting on those obligations as well. You can't conclude that only principal and interest is a part of our obligations. All of these other things are obligations, too.    If you think that we only have an obligation to pay P&I, raise your hand. Nobody thinks that we only have an obligation to pay P&I. Let the record reflect that no one raised a hand.    So this is really about trying to find a clever way to avoid making payments, have the Administration do it, not pass legislation to get it done. You have the Majority. Pass the legislation. Pass Mr. McClintock's bill. Pass other legislation.    You have been given five things that you can do short of creating a debt crisis, short of defaulting. Five things that Ms. de Rugy has indicated we can do, five, and they don't require a default. Is that a correct statement, Ms. de Rugy?    Ms. de Rugy. I don't--    Mr. Green. Do any of these require default, the five things that you have given us?    Ms. de Rugy. These are like suggested fundamental reforms--    Mr. Green. I understand. But do any of your suggestions require default?    Ms. de Rugy. --that Congress should agree on some of them.    Mr. Green. So you are saying your suggestions will require default?    Ms. de Rugy. Default defined as paying interest on the debt?    Mr. Green. Default defined as not paying obligations.    Ms. de Rugy. Absolutely not.    Mr. Green. Okay. So you have these five things that your witness has said you can do. You can do these things. You are in the Majority. Behave like you are in the Majority, legislate, don't try to create some sort of false, phony charade indicating that you are trying to prevent a debt ceiling crisis when in fact that is what you are going to do by prioritizing.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I would like to simply reiterate that my friends are in the Majority. To continue to blame the Democrats makes little sense to your voting public. They expect you to produce legislation. You want a constitutional amendment? You are in the Majority. You want to pass a bill that allows prioritization? You are in the Majority. You can do it. Believe me, trust me, you are in the Majority; you don't have to depend on Democrats to get it done.    I think in the spirit of compromise that would be the better thing to do, but you are not willing to compromise. Therein lies the problem. If you want to do it, pass McClintock, pass it through the Senate, send it to the President, let us see if he will sign it. If he does not, then you go back through regular order and you produce something that we can all agree on to the extent that you have a Majority in the House, a Majority in the Senate, and a President to sign it.    But don't behave like you are in the Minority and it is the mean old Democrats who won't let you pass legislation. It never stopped you from passing a repeal of the Affordable Care Act more than 50 times, more than 50 times, and there are still other repeals of it pending. You have repealed it consistently, okay? Then act like you are in the Majority and pass your legislation.    Let us go to Mr. Stone.    Mr. Stone, there was a comment made about Greece and you did not have an opportunity to finish. There was a comparison being made. Would you kindly finish your commentary?    Mr. Green. Exactly.    Mr. Green. I appreciate your indicating that this is not an effective tool because of the consequences associated with a possible shutdown. And that causes me to harken back to 2011 and what Moody's did when they downgraded us and we didn't have the shutdown. We were downgraded. And I think that Moody's gave us a negative and S&P put us on a credit watch.    So our opinions count, but the opinions of the agencies that rate us count as well. And while we may pay P&I, it will cause a good deal of consternation in international markets as to whether or not we are going to pay all of our bills and eventually not pay P&I. Why put ourselves in that position? Why don't we legislate now, given that we have more than 400 days to do what Ms. de Rugy says, pass her recommendations if you would like to?    Don't expect me to vote for all of the things that you would support. But if we can reach some sort of compromise, I think we can get this done. The problem is that there are people who don't want to compromise; they want us to support anything and everything and leave behind a good many people who are going to suffer as a result of the crisis that we will manufacture.    To this end, it is my belief, Mr. Chairman, that Social Security is important to people who are receiving it. And I think we can sustain it. We can support it without it being a detriment to the economy. We have to work together and work out a compromise on Social Security. But we are not doing that.    Rather than do that with Social Security as well as with Medicare, we are trying to find a clever way to create a debt crisis so that we can have the Administration prioritize.    If you want a prioritizing to take place, pass the legislation, get it done. You are the Majority, it is your job to get it done. Don't whine and cry about how the Democrats won't support us and are there enough people here willing to do it. Yes, there are enough people willing to do it if you have the Majority and you use it properly.    I yield back.