    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate Mr. DesJarlais bringing up this issue and each of you expressing your shared concerns about this underappreciation and really a lack of understanding about the threat. I represent Hawaii's 2nd District here. And as you can imagine, being out there in the middle of the Pacific, every time North Korea starts making threats, launching these tests, this is something knowing, as you said, Mr. Klingner, Hawaii and the west coast, at a minimum, already are within range of North Korea's capabilities, both of an ICBM as well as a nuclear weapon.    So this is something that really rings true and is deeply understood by folks in my state who recognize the need for stronger missile defense, who recognize the need for taking this threat with the seriousness that it deserves.    I have got a few questions. The sanctions bill that we passed yesterday, particularly as it relates to hard currency, do you believe that it will have the same effect as in 2005 when it was first put in place? For whomever would like to answer.    Ms. Gabbard. That will directly impact their pocketbooks.    Ms. Gabbard. So along those lines, I mean, look back to what happened in 2005 and what led to their agreement in 2007 when those sanctions were lifted.    I would just like to hear your thoughts on what you see is a viable path forward should that end be reached, should these sanctions be so effective that we get to a point where we have got an opportunity there, understanding, really, that North Korea sees their nuclear program as an insurance policy against regime change, seeing what they learned from what happened in Libya with Gaddafi, and really what caused their--I think that window, frankly, to close, where they wouldn't trust--that if there was an agreement to denuclearize that the United States wouldn't go after them to try to implement the regime change.    So I would just like to hear your thoughts on engagement with North Korea and how understanding this climate there is a path forward.    Ms. Gabbard. Right.    Ms. Gabbard. Right.    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing and for continuing to help increase awareness on North Korea's threat.