    Mr. Pierce. Thank you, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, for providing me the opportunity to testify today. I just want to go through a couple of basics to start with. First, courts always have and always will, confer to some degree of deference on agencies when they act because of comparative institutional expertise. The agencies know more than the courts about the subject matter that they are addressing, and that's why, presumably, Congress gave them the power, and not the courts, the power to implement the statutes at issue.    Second, courts always reject any agency action that is inconsistent with the statute, or if it is arbitrary and capricious. That's, again, something that's been around for a very long time and hasn't changed, didn't change with Chevron, hasn't changed today.    And then, courts uphold agency actions in about two-thirds of the cases that come before them, no matter what doctrine they apply. There has been study after study of all of these doctrines, and what they show is, like, a 2 percent difference in rate of upholding. The doctrines are not very important. Now, when Chevron was first decided in 1984, I set forth, in a number of articles and books, my reasons why I thought it was sensible and consistent with both the administrative procedures and the Constitution.    I also predicted that it would have a big effect. Well, I was totally wrong in my prediction, time has proven me wrong. Between 1984 and 2001, it had a fair amount of support in the circuit courts. Circuit courts rates of upholding agency action went up during that period of time. Since 2001, there's very little evidence that it's had any effect in the circuit courts. And there's never been any evidence that it has had any effect on the actual decisions of the Supreme Court, as opposed to the way that they phrased their decisions.    Just to give you an example of the difference between the two. Justice Scalia was the strongest proponent of Chevron. He expressed that view in opinion after opinion, and in a famous law review article he wrote in Duke Law Journal. He also is the Justice who votes least frequently to uphold agency actions. By contrast, Justice Breyer has always been a strong critic of Chevron, and he's the Justice who votes most frequently to uphold agency actions.    So, there really is no evidence today that Chevron is having any of the effects that some people attribute to it, and very little evidence that it ever had those effects in terms of actual Supreme Court opinions. The Supreme Court has the power to change its doctrine; it changes its doctrine all the time. It also has the discretion to apply its doctrines in different ways in different cases and to tailor the doctrines to the facts of the cases. And that's what they are doing. And the evidence is, as I indicated in an article that I included as an appendix to my testimony, that the degree of deference is going down. It has gone down over the last several years. So there's really no reason for concern at all. I can see absolutely no reason why you'd want to take legislative action in this area.    Thank you.    Mr. Pierce. I actually think, over time, it would have no effect at all. And this goes back to where I was totally wrong on Chevron. I looked at Chevron and said, I thought it made sense. Maybe I'm right, maybe I'm wrong. I wrote a bunch of books and articles about how good it was and then about how much is changing. It hasn't. And I don't think--change isn't tinkering in language. You know, they're always going to be deferring. They have to defer. They don't know much about nuclear energy. They don't know much about water pollution. Agencies know much more about it. So there's always going to be a degree of deference, and there's always going to be, on the other side of it, a tendency to check to make sure they only do things that they can explain pretty well, and that they only do things that are within statutory boundaries. And that's the nature of the beast. And you could describe it 100 different ways, and it's not going to change what the courts actually do.    I will--I have to say that one of the problems--going back to an earlier exchange, one of the problems, there are horribly drafted bills.    The Chief Justice added a paragraph in his opinion in King v. Burwell, in which he alluded to the process through which that legislation became law. And it was a process that led to a mess that where it's very difficult to reconcile the purposes of one part with the language of another part. And the clean air--power plant has a bigger problem that in 1990, the House put one provision in section 111, and the Senate put another provision. They are totally inconsistent, and then both were enacted.    Mr. Pierce. So the courts have to decide which of the things that the Congress said to take seriously, because one says yes, and the other says no.