    Mr. KRIEGEL. Good morning. Thank you for allowing me to testify today. My name is Todd Kriegel. I am the CEO of Global Precision Parts, otherwise known as GPP, a family-owned business with 80 employees in Indiana, and 120 employees split between two facilities in Ohio.    I am here today to underscore the importance of small business manufacturing in America and call on Congress to make permanent key tax provisions which fuel our economy. We founded GPP in 1989 as a privately-held family business. I increasingly think about what the future holds for my three children manufacturing and employees working in our facilities.    Instability in the tax code prevents manufactures from planning investment, hiring more workers, and purchasing new equipment, especially for small businesses in industries with razor-thin profit margins. In the real world, we cannot simply assume Congress will retroactively extend business investment provisions and spend money we may not have at the end of the year.    I am a member of the Precision Machine Products Association, whose members flew to Washington this week to personally stress the importance of addressing these expired tax provisions. To prepare for our visit to Capitol Hill, PMPA conducted a quick survey of its members on which tax provisions they use to compete globally. Respondents average 60 employees, similar to our facilities in Ohio and Indiana, yet despite being small businesses, they invest heavily in capital equipment, expecting to spend on average $552,000 in 2015. Most machines for our industries start at a quarter million dollars and can exceed $2.5 million. At Global Precision Parts, to maintain a competitive edge, we continuously buy new equipment, spending roughly $2 million each year.    Because of our capital investments, bonus depreciation is by far most important to us. In 2014, it saved our company $151,000, money we used to hire more employees and purchase additional equipment. In the precision manufacturing industry, not only is our equipment expensive and heavy, it takes time to place into service, often 8 weeks to 18 months. Congress extending the expired provisions on December 11th does little for a small business who cannot finance, purchase, and place into service a 10-ton machine by December 31st when the provision expires again.    There is a misleading impression amongst some in Washington that bonus costs the Federal government money in lost revenue. However, the government does receive the revenue over the life of the equipment, but the provision provides smaller companies like ours an immediate discount on the price of the new machine we could not otherwise afford. The survey also showed the typical precision parts manufacturer claimed nearly $370,000 in section 179 equipment expensing for 2014.    When Congress fails to extend this key tax provision, small businesses have a major hole to fill in their budget. This means we will cut our current year spending on new equipment and often suspend investment for the coming year. Remember, lower machine orders by companies like mine mean fewer workers are hired and less tax revenue is collected throughout the supply chain.    Inside the beltway, you may not feel the ripple effects of your inaction, but in the real world we certainly do. When we do not know what the future holds, businesses like bankers spend less, take fewer risks, and reduce or stop hiring altogether. As a responsible business owner, I have to find a way to cover that $150,000 gap Congress created for our company if bonus depreciation remains expired.    According to our association survey, dysfunction in Washington would cost the average small manufacturer $600,000 if bonus depreciation section 179 and the R&D tax credit remain expired. Who is going to cover the $600,000 tab Congress unnecessarily created? This is why we need comprehensive tax reform for all businesses. C corporations or pass-throughs, large and small, family-owned or publicly-traded. Like most family-owned companies, we are a pass-through, meaning we pay taxes at the much higher individual rate, which for us was 39.4 percent last year. If Congress lowers the tax rate only for C corporations, Washington will leave behind millions of small manufacturers like us to pay the higher taxes.    Making the expired provisions permanent and tackling comprehensive tax reform is not about paying fewer taxes. GPP's effective tax rate increased by over 11 percent between 2008 and 2014, sending hundreds of thousands of dollars to Washington rather than putting it in workers' pockets. Yes, I said workers' pockets, because at GPP last year, we reinvested 71 percent of our profits back into the business.    Uncertainty surrounding the few tax provisions intended to encourage manufacturing in America is a self-inflicted drag on growth. I believe that small businesses can continue deriving the economy; however, Congress must make permanent bonus depreciation, section 179 equipment expensing, and the R&D tax credit to allow small businesses to invest and plan for the future.    Thank you for allowing me the opportunity to testify before you today on this important issue.    Mr. KRIEGEL. Sure. I would be happy to.    So, obviously, you complete budgets that are 5 or 10 years out so that you know what your expenses are going to be. With these tax extenders, not knowing at the end of the year whether we are going to have to fill $150,000 or $250,000 hole, those are dollars that we necessarily do not have laying around. So, in my opinion, that just, for future years, that minimizes the investments that you are going to make, and you have got to readjust your budget constantly.    Mr. KRIEGEL. In business there are so many uncertainties--foreign competition, healthcare costs, trained, skilled workers--taxes should not be an uncertainty. We should know what our tax liability is going to be.    Mr. KRIEGEL. Thank you. Companies in our industry invest significant capital, $250,000 is kind of a minimum threshold. So from our standpoint, bonus and section 179 are very important. R&D is important, too, so really from our perspective, all three are very important.