    Mr. Vela. I would like to thank Chairman Miller for holding today's hearing, examining the Homeland Security's international border security program. I would like to file my written statement for the record, if you might.    Mr. Vela. I know that the focus of this hearing is our international security programs around the country. But just here recently--if you might indulge me just for these 5 minutes to focus in on one particular area, which happens to be my back yard, because just this weekend, as I was in my district, friends, neighbors came to me with stories of gun battles that occurred just last Friday not with 5 miles from my district office.    It was about 2 years that Mr. Bersin and I first met in my office, and we discussed this issue. For the last year-and-a-half I have repeatedly had discussions and warned administration officials about the degree of violence in Matamoros, Mexico, which is right at the border of Brownsville. More than 100,000 people have died in Mexico since 2006.    The most recent travel warning reads like this--the most recent State Department travel warning for Mexico warns visitors to the state of Tamaulipas, which includes Matamoros, Reynosa, and Nuevo Laredo, which are right across the border from the towns of Brownsville, McAllen, and Laredo, to defer all nonessential travel. Throughout the state, violent crime, including homicide, armed robbery, carjacking, kidnapping, extortion, and sexual assault, pose significant safety risks.    State and municipal law enforcement capacity is limited to nonexistent in many parts of Tamaulipas. Violent conflicts between rival criminal elements and/or the Mexican military can occur in all parts of the region and at all times of day. Violent criminal activity occurs more frequently along the Northern Border.    While no highway routes through Tamaulipas are considered safe, the highways between Matamoros Cuidad Victoria, Reynosa Cuidad Victoria, Cuidad Victoria and Tampico, Monterrey and Nuevo Laredo, Matamoros and Reynosa, and Monterrey and Reynosa are more prone to criminal activity.    Organized criminal groups sometimes target public and private passenger buses traveling through Tamaulipas. These groups sometimes take all passengers hostage and demand ransom payments. In Tamaulipas, U.S. Government employees are subject to movement restrictions and a curfew between midnight and 6 a.m.    Matamoros, Reynosa, Nuevo Laredo, and Cuidad Victoria have experienced numerous gun battles and attacks with explosive devices in the past year. The number of reported kidnappings in Tamaulipas is among the highest in Mexico. The number of U.S. citizens reported to the consulates in Matamoros and Nuevo Laredo as being kidnapped, abducted, or disappearing involuntarily in 2014 has also increased.    In February, the United States Consulate in Matamoros reported 227 separate security incidents in the U.S. border region, including a carjacking at a supermarket frequented by the U.S. Consulate employees. The 227 incidents represented only a fraction of actual criminal activity due to self-censorship by journalists.    On February 2 and February 5, the U.S. Consulate General in Matamoros warned U.S. citizens of increased violence due to rolling gun battles between Los Ciclones and Los Metros factions.    U.S. Consulate staff and their families were advised to restrict travel temporarily due to the violence. That month the U.S. State Department warned Consulate personnel to stay indoors to avoid the daytime convoys of cartel gunmen, some armed with grenade launchers.    During that same week, two of my constituents, both veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan, went missing, and we have not heard or seen from them since.    What I am hoping today is to get some sort of assessment of our diplomatic efforts to ensure that the government of Mexico addresses the situation and, also, to get an assessment of what can we do from the standpoint of enhancing our capability of ensuring the safety of not just our Homeland Security employees in Mexico, but our Department of Justice employees and Department of State employees.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Vela. Mr. Wagner, I have one question regarding liquid meth. I understand that, over the past several years, we have seen an increase in the shipment of liquid meth. I am just curious if those shipments pose any special physical threat or health risk to our agents in the field.    Mr. Vela. What can we do from the standpoint of providing the appropriate technologies to make it easier for the folks in the field to do the job? I mean, do you feel like you have got what you need or are there other things that we can do?    Mr. Vela. I think, Mr. Bersin and Mr. Kubiak, you can probably address this next question.    Mr. Bersin, you and I have dealt with this issue in Tamaulipas for a while now, and, obviously, things are only getting worse. I am wondering if you can give us an idea of what is occurring on the diplomatic front in terms of getting Mexico City to address this situation.    At the same time, I know what kind of coordination we have between our State Department, our Department of Justice, and our his and DEA employees on the field. I would like to get some sense if either you or Mr. Kubiak feel like there is anything else we can do from the standpoint of providing further support for those agents that are living in places like this.    Mr. Vela. I am out of time. Thank you.    Mr. Vela. Thank you, Chairman Miller.    I jut wanted to follow up, Mr. Bersin, on your responses. The one thing that I have not seen, acknowledging the challenges that Mexico has in other parts of the country and acknowledging their successes in addressing some of these cartel figures, is I haven't seen the political will to do in Tamaulipas what we saw them do in Ciudad Juarez and in Tijuana, understanding that there are also logistical differences. I was wondering if you could comment on that.    One other thing is in light of the killing of the 43 students in Guerrero, President Pena Nieto announced the development of three secure economic zones in Chiapas, Oaxaca, and I think it was Guerrero, if I am not mistaken, right? I am just wondering why, if he can do that in the southern states, why not do it along our border?    Mr. Vela. Well, we will save the debate on that first point for later. But thank you.