    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will try to take maybe half my time.    Thank you for your patience. I know sometimes the questions seem repetitive. I am going to go in a different direction today.    Last month, the secretaries of State from Kansas and Ohio testified right there about their concern about illegal aliens having access to vote; the Social Security numbers gathered from the President's referendum. But the bigger concern was they wanted to keep the rolls very pure and very clean for the people who are actually citizens that are voting.    My question is do you believe the States should have access to the DHS's immigration records so that they can reconcile these voting rolls? I would like to hear your thoughts on that.    Mr. Walker. So you have no opinion today on whether the States should have the information based on some of these Social Security numbers that have been distributed out? You feel like the States, you just don't have an opinion on that?    Mr. Walker. Well, then let me ask it this way. Do you believe that illegals should have any opportunity to vote in an election, whether it is local or whether it is a national election?    Mr. Walker. Even with a Social Security number, even before they become a citizen or go through the process, you are telling me--I want to make sure I have this on the record--that you believe those people should not have an opportunity to vote?    Mr. Walker. And how would we know that unless the information is shared from the DHS to the States?    Mr. Walker. All right. Well, then let me move in a different direction real quick, since that is fair. Hopefully, at one point you will have a chance to look at that, because that is very important, some of the States, that they are having accurate elections.    The number that we have talked about several times, 167,527 number of convicted criminal aliens that have not been deported. That is a big number, isn't it? That is a huge number.    Mr. Walker. One of the numbers, though, that really concerned me, as well as the 167,000, is the 30,558 that currently are unlawfully here in the United States. I think I did the math a second ago. There is an average of 400 cities per State. Times 50 is 20,000 cities. So if you look at the average, that is 1.5 criminals that are here right now in our Country. Does that number alarm you?    Mr. Walker. Okay.    Well, because of time constraints, we are going to let my fellow member, Ken Buck, share his time, so I am going to yield back to the chairman.