    Mr. HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Chabot, for holding this hearing. I think it is highly important.    Mr. Eisenbrey talks about these groups with the realtor folks being on board with this situation. I have heard nothing but negative in my office from everybody that I have talked to, whether it is NFIB or the real estate folks. So I guess I am getting a little bit different data than maybe you are getting.    Mr. Eisenbrey, have you ever been an employer? Have you ever had your own business?    Mr. HARDY. Have you had your own business?    Mr. HARDY. So you consider that----    Mr. HARDY. Okay. Interesting.    With the comments that have been made here, you know, we have had a letter that has gone out, myself and Mr. Knight, we joined together, over 100 Congressmen signed on to it, bipartisan letter. This has been one of the most disturbing rules for the business sector that I ever listened to, even with the state legislature. We do things that more directly impact. But this across-the-board legislation, and in my district every county is going to get hit by this. Even the Las Vegas area is going to get hit very hard by this.    So, Ms. Tipton, I would like you go in, you talked about you have 100 employees, tell me what kind of impact that is going to do overall. And maybe even dabble into--all of you would like to maybe dabble into what is going to maybe happen to the hiring process. We have talked about the impact on those that are employed. What happens to the future of the hiring process?    So, Ms. Tipton, I will give you first.    Mr. HARDY. Anybody else care to address that?    Mr. HARDY. You know, the issues that we have also heard about is the education system, whether it be at the higher ed or the K through 12 situation with certain counties and areas and how that overtime ruling will impact our university system, and the individuals coming out of those higher ed programs. A lot of schools pride themselves in how they place their graduates and the opportunity they have for the students.    Do any of you hire from the university systems, and is that going to impact their opportunity to maybe enter into a job in the future?