    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Welcome, Mr. Secretary. We are both getting old. We both have reading glasses now. It is good to have you.    On Monday, Chairman Upton and I requested that the Government Accountability Office assess DOE's plan to resume consideration of the Yucca Mountain license application, including assuring DOE maintains the necessary infrastructure, contractors, personnel to assure that the Yucca Mountain project can resume. Do I have your commitment that the Department will cooperate in good faith with the GAO as they conduct this review?    Mr. Shimkus. Do you commit that the Department will not take any unilateral actions that will set back the Yucca program further, including anything to alter the physical structure or by allowing contracts that support the Yucca Mountain project to lapse?    Mr. Shimkus. Please do. Because, as you know, I monitor this as closely as I can.    Mr. Shimkus. Now I want to move to boreholes for a second. You have strongly advocated for the development of boreholes to dispose of a small amount of DOE's inventory of defense nuclear waste. This initiative is concurrent to your initiative to develop a, quote-unquote, ``consent-based'' siting process, which, as you know, contradicts the Nuclear Waste Policy Act--contradicts, or it is not in compliance with. There is no provision for this in the current law.    In January, you, DOE announced it was awarding a contract to drill a test borehole in North Dakota. I am sure you are aware that there has been substantial public pushback on that project. I would like to ask a couple of questions about boreholes and your proposal for consent-based siting. In the interest of time, if you can, you know, I would like a yes or no so I can get--there are only about four or five of them here.    Are you aware of the Office of Nuclear Waste Negotiator that was established by the Nuclear Waste Policy Act?    Mr. Shimkus. Are you aware that the negotiator made available funding to study the potential of interim storage nuclear waste storage facilities? They did----    Mr. Shimkus. Are you aware that in 1991--1991--county commissioners in Grant County, North Dakota, applied for these grants?    Mr. Shimkus. OK. But they did. Are you aware that after applying for the DOE grants, all the county commissioners were recalled by their constituents?    Mr. Shimkus. They were. Based on historical experience in North Dakota, why did you choose to even try to award a grant to a North Dakota-based team?    Mr. Shimkus. Well, it is important because, as you probably know, yesterday the Pierce County commission in North Dakota unanimously rejected your borehole project. How does this now impact your deep borehole proposal?    Mr. Shimkus. OK. Here is my problem. When I taught high school, the executive branch, per the Constitution, is designed to enforce the laws of the land. We do that telling kids that they have agencies and Secretaries that help enforce the law. It is unfortunate that you have been part of an administration that is not enforcing the Nuclear Waste Policy Act. And it is subverting the intent of the law. And it is particularly troubling in that this, quote-unquote, ``consent-based'' process, which you use to discourage, attack, obfuscate the long-term location of Yucca Mountain and use a State-based discussion where you now talk about boreholes, you try to ram it through county-based organizations without even a State-based discussion. So the Department of Energy continues to hypocritically move to obfuscate, delay, break the law. And I wish, for the sake of the republic, that the administration would abide by the law.    And I yield back.    Mr. Shimkus. Mr. Chairman--you are not following the law. The Nuclear Waste Policy Act is pretty clear: There is no authority for interim storage or interim sites.    Mr. Shimkus. The Nuclear Policy Act is a conjunction of both spent fuel and defense waste. There is no bifurcation of where nuclear waste goes.    Mr. Shimkus. If you are going to spend additional time, then I will spend additional time.    Mr. Rush. You granted the Secretary's request to respond. So I think we should allow him to respond.    Mr. Shimkus. Would my colleague yield?    Mr. Rush. No. I want to----    Mr. Shimkus. Your questions were about wouldn't--the administration following the law on minority hiring. And we have an administration that is not following the law from a different administration. It is hypocritical. And it is wrong.