    Ms. SOLOVIC. Solovic.    Ms. SOLOVIC. Good morning, everyone, Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, members of the Committee. I thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to be here with you today to share my insights and experiences as a small business owner and as an instructor to small businesses around the country. It is truly an honor to be here.    Let me begin by sharing a little bit about my entrepreneurial background. You see, I had a great mother. She became an entrepreneur right after she lost her first husband in World War II out of necessity, but she sure learned a lot. She had a number of businesses along the way.    When she married my father and moved to the town he lived in, they opened up their own funeral home. A very small, rural Missouri town, 3,000 people, now 2,999 since I have gone. I grew up working in a family business from the time I could barely even walk, and I started my own personal journey when I was 15 years old. After waiting tables and getting blisters on my feet, I realized there had to be a much better way to make a living. I realized I could teach little girls how to twirl a baton every Saturday morning, 75 of them in the high school gym, for $1 each. I thought, this is pretty good, better than working for tips. I opened up a small dance studio in my basement and taught little girls how to do ballet, tap, and jazz. Then, of course, college comes along and I moved on.    I followed a traditional career path for a while. I had a lot of success there. I was one of the first female executives in a Fortune 50 company in their financial services division. I am also, Chairman Chabot, like you, an attorney, and I got to work with many small business owners setting up their legal entities and structures. I also did quite a bit of franchise law during that time.    I have worked with small businesses in many capacities, but my heart has always been in my own entrepreneurial endeavors. I truly enjoy being my own boss. I like making deals happen. I like making money, and I like seeing it all come together, birthing those entrepreneurial activities and watching them grow. I, too, have had the opportunity to sell a business, in 2009, right toward the end of the recession. I was very fortunate; my business continues to prosper.    Unfortunately, as I talk to small businesses around the country, many of them are saying they are discouraged and disheartened. They are struggling. We know now that the number of small business closures is exceeding small business startups. That is a critical issue for the recovery of our economy. The Capital One Spark Business Barometer just noted that small business confidence is down almost 10 points from where it was this time last year. Businesses are struggling. They tell me their business dreams have now turned into nightmares, and that is sad.    I have created a process I call the 1 percent edge. It is a process to get small businesses growing again. It is to help them become and place innovation into the DNA of their companies because we all know now what is cool and hot today is obsolete tomorrow. If you are doing business the same old way you have always done it, you are falling behind when you get started.    I got the idea when I was teaching an MBA class on entrepreneurial growth strategies, and I had a co-professor because I travel quite a bit. The co-professor would stand there and talk about case studies. He would put big formulas on the board. And then I would stand up to the class and say, now, let me tell you how it really works. If you are studying case studies in today's marketplace that is changing so rapidly, you are behind the eight ball. As someone once said, if you are just now jumping on the bandwagon, you are too late. You already missed it.    We have to give entrepreneurs the opportunity to be innovative, not just in their product and service delivery, but in their internal processing systems as well. Technology is certainly changing, leveling the playing field for small businesses, yet we need to get them to embrace it. I love to see small businesses using social media because it gives them an opportunity to broadcast their brand. I had an advertising agency at one point in time and people used to say to me, I do not have money to market my business. Now they say to me, I do not have time to market my business. The world is changing.    Before I run out of time, I do want to deliver another personal story. Ramon talked about regulations. I know you hear it all the time. In today's news we are talking about the increase in the overtime pay. My parents, in that little funeral home, had an ambulance service for many years. It was not a profit center; it was a service to the community. The Department of Labor sent an auditor in and audited my parents, and decided whenever a hearse had a stretcher in it, it was covered by the wage and hour law. Whenever it was a hearse, it was not. Well, what happened is he extrapolated all the back pay my parents owed their three or four employees, told them they had 2 years to sue, and told them how to do it. Unfortunately, because it was not a moneymaker for my parents, they did not pay, no one sued, but they, like many funeral homes, quit the ambulance service. My little small-town community in rural Missouri had no service for many years until the hospital decided to take it over.    While I think that policies and regulations, as Ramon said, are good, and they are always passed with the best intentions at heart, sometimes we do not take time to understand the effects and the far-reaching effects that it has, not only on small businesses and jobs, but on our communities as well. I do believe that today we are living in a world where entrepreneurship is still great. This country was built on the spirit of entrepreneurship, and God love us all, it is still the greatest country in the world. Thank you all to the wonderful public service you do to help us and grow our businesses.    I also want to applaud you for your bipartisan efforts, to get some victories through in terms of legislation. You are helping us, we appreciate what you do, and I look forward to our discussion today.    Ms. SOLOVIC. I am sorry.    Ms. SOLOVIC. Why would we not be simple like Smith or Jones, you know?    Ms. SOLOVIC. You know, it is interesting. The little town I grew up in is very depressed and, unfortunately, most of the young people do not get out of that town. Very few people from there go to college. In fact, when I was growing up there it had the highest illiteracy rate of any area in the State of Missouri. So it is a very depressed community.    I do keep up with some of them on Facebook. They seem like they are doing well. They are married with children of their own. I realize I could easily be a grandmother. Not a problem. But they are doing well.    While we are talking about young women, though, I want to dovetail on something Melinda said, and that is growth capital for women-owned businesses. I know the Title III regulations go into effect on Monday. I think that is great for the crowdfunding source, but to really grow a large organization and scale it, you have got to get venture capital. It is very tough for most small businesses to get VC money. It is particularly difficult for women-owned businesses.    I started one of the first video-based Internet sites, and I did raise venture capital. I did not go to a pedigree school, an Ivy League school. I was not from one of the coasts. I was from the Midwest, and the fact that I was a woman was a big hindrance. I will tell you, the first venture forum I ever participated in, one of the men said, well, you are the only woman who is presenting, who was asked to present here, but we sure are glad you are good looking. And I wanted to say, seriously? Who would have said that to a man? It was so inappropriate, but there is tremendous bias and it is something that needs to be addressed.    Ms. SOLOVIC. Can I make one comment on that?    Ms. SOLOVIC. She mentioned their online training, which is very well-developed. The feedback I have gotten from some people, though, who have gone to SCORE is it is very diverse, sometimes, the quality of mentoring you get.    Ms. SOLOVIC. Right, or something--yeah.    Ms. SOLOVIC. I totally agree with what Ramona is saying. As I said, people say to me, I do not have time to do it. You do not have time not to do it. It is a great way to build your brand. I was an early adopter of social media, and I remember after I sold my business and I was starting out again all over and I would sit there and Tweet things out and post things on Facebook, and my husband would say to me, you are wasting your time doing that. That is just silly. You should be making sales calls. Well, today, I do not have to do any outbound marketing. Everything comes to me and walks in the door simply because, as Ramona is saying, I have built my personality brand. I have a huge following. I am always listed in the top five of small business experts to follow on Twitter.    It takes some time. It takes authenticity. You cannot job it out to anybody else. They want to know it is you. They want to talk to you. It is a great advantage for small business because large companies who are out there, it is great. They are building their brand, too, but they are not humanized. They need people like us to talk to the small business market, and that is what we do best.    Ms. SOLOVIC. Fredericktown, Missouri.    Ms. SOLOVIC. Thank you. It is a good place to be from.    Ms. SOLOVIC. I am going to respectfully disagree with you on your comment because I think that when people come to me and they want to know where is the money, show me the money or I am just going to go out and get a SBA loan, and I am like, well, good luck with that, because most of us bootstrap. We use our own personal assets, credit cards, and go to family and friends for loans. So when people tell me, well, I have this idea and I would be able to make this business really go if I could just get some money. I want to say to them, you know what? You do not want to do it very badly. Because if you really have a passion, as my mama used to say, where there is a will, there is a way. If you really want to make it happen, you can start and make it happen. With technology today, the barrier to entry is so minimized, and you have got information and resources right at your fingertips.    The one thing that I get a little alarmed about is the professional advice from attorneys. I have seen a lot of mistakes that come offline from going to those kinds of resources. But, it is there, it is available. You might not be able to start as big as you want. You may have to shrink your plan a little bit, but by golly, if you are willing to have that passion and put forth that sweat equity, you can make it happen.    Ms. SOLOVIC. I would like to note that I think it is education, because I think a lot of women start businesses because they are good at what they do. It is a little craft. It is a little something, but they are really not educated on how to build a scalable and sustainable enterprise.    Also I mentioned I raise venture capital. After I did that in 2006, I wrote a book called The Girls' Guide to Building a Million-Dollar Business, because I figured if I could do it, anybody ought to be able to do it. It is not brain surgery. At that time, only 3 percent of women-owned businesses were grossing over a million dollars a year. According to a recent Forbes Magazine article, only 2 percent of women-owned business gross over a million dollars a year. A million dollars is not very much when you are talking about revenue.    In working with some women's organizations, too, when I talked about making money and business, if you are not going to make money, go volunteer. They say to me, well, I do not want to make a million dollars. I do not need that much money. And they do not want to talk about the money part. You know what? You have got to talk about the money part, that is what it is about.    I think there are stereotypes that still say to women in this country that making money, being aggressive, being successful is not feminine. We should not worry our pretty little heads about money, honey, and we have go to change that psychology. It is an undercurrent that still ripples through this country.    Ms. SOLOVIC. Could I add one more comment?    Ms. SOLOVIC. All right. So----    Ms. SOLOVIC. So I have to share this story.    Ms. SOLOVIC. What was that again? Cabot?    I did some consulting for a very, very large financial services firm--and I will not mention their name here--on how to reach the women business owner market. They sent me all around the country to talk to their regional sales forces, and I was giving the statistics that we just discussed here and women growing businesses and all of that. I happened to have been south, and I will not say what state it was either, but we broke for lunch, and one of the investment counselors came over and he said, oh, there, pretty lady. You know, you did a nice job, but I just do not believe those numbers. And I said, really? He said, well, I know the only reason a woman goes into business for herself is because her husband wants to give her something to do or he needs a tax write-off.    Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I know my time is expired. I appreciate the indulgence on this question.    Ms. SOLOVIC. What we have seen as a result is that the level of lending, traditional lending, has really decreased to small business owners. There was a time, I think, during the recession that we heard a lot, or at least I did, from small business owners that they were not even applying for the loans because they did not want the debt. But also, there was that fear factor that their financial statements were not as strong as they had been and that they would not qualify, so what did it matter to try? But here we are, now, with some recovery going on in the economy, and you would think we would see a change in that, but we have not. As we said earlier, the crowdfunding platforms, the Title III regs, I think all of that is a positive step for small businesses. I do think that having more education, so that people understand, and more examples of how you can get a business off the ground without going out and putting yourself into debt with a bank or a lending program.    Personally, when I started my Internet company, I took out a big credit line on my house, and we were totally self-funded originally. I remember going to the venture capitalist. We were in front of Sequoia and they looked at my numbers and they said, well, you need more eyeballs on your Web site. And I said, but we are profitable. Look at my financial statements. They said, we do not care about that. I said, if you were funding it out of your own pocket you would, by gosh. I think education is important.    Ms. SOLOVIC. I am also very concerned about the new calculations, and I am not an expert on this, but where someone leaves a company, they take a 401(k) plan, and then they flip it and make it a 401(k) in their company, and then they deplete those funds to start their business. We have got more baby boomers. I am a baby boomer, and we have retirement issues in this company. I am so fearful that people go out and bet the family farm and then what happens? Because you know what? Your challenges of starting a business, your likelihood of success, you might as well go throw the dice out in Las Vegas. It is just about as good an odds.    Ms. SOLOVIC. Well, it is going to be a long ride home.    Ms. SOLOVIC. Certainly. I get a lot of concern from small businesses, especially with the increase to the threshold of $50,000. It will cost jobs in many, many small businesses. And not just the level of increase which is huge, but the fact that the complexity of the guidelines is very, very difficult for small businesses to follow. To know who is exempt and who is nonexempt, and how it applies. When I mentioned my father's ambulance service, how do you say today it was an ambulance, tomorrow it was a hearse, and who worked when? The complexity of it was overwhelming to him.    My other concern is, and I hear this from many small businesses in smaller parts of the country, particularly the Midwest and the area of the country I grew up in, $50,000 in Manhattan is nothing; $50,000 in Fredericktown, Missouri, is a heck of a lot of money.    I just sold my family's home. My father is now in assisted living. It was a big house, 5,000 square feet, 4 bedrooms, 3 full baths, 2 half-baths, a finished basement, and an extra lot for $116,000. It is a different world, we cannot make arbitrary decisions like that.    We need to give small business owners the flexibility to manage their business in the way they deem appropriate. We are not slave drivers and greed mongers like we saw in the Industrial era. We want to care for our employees, we want to care for our families. We want to give back to our communities, and the statistics on how much more a small business gives back to their community as opposed to a large chain company is significant. So we are trying to be good. We are trying to do the right things. We just need government out of our business.    Ms. SOLOVIC. Right. I think that is pretty simple right now just the way you said it. It is not the $50,000 necessarily. It is the nonexempt versus the exempt, the paperwork, the tracking. I said, in parts of the country, $50,000 is a lot of money to make. You are not victimizing a low-wage earner. Take the time to look at regulations such as that and look at the true impact on a small business and the community. If a small business has to cut jobs and they are on Main Street, it hurts that community. Where else do people go to get jobs? You do not have big industry or big companies coming in there, so it costs the entire community once those few jobs are gone.    Ms. SOLOVIC. I would say when it comes to the corporations, even in the agreements that I sign with them now, they will just put 90 days. You have to float that money, and it is tough on us.    Ms. SOLOVIC. I agree. I also believe, I have always told people children emulate their parents, so they behave and do things, what they see growing up. I think the same is true for young people today. You know, let's lead by example. Let's give them opportunities, even in grade school, to understand what entrepreneurship is and how fun it is to run your own business and be your own boss and make money. There are options other than traditional work paths for them to be successful in this country.