    Mrs. Clark. Thank you, Chairman Rokita, and Ranking Member Fudge, and to all the panelists for being here today.    First, I want to give Mr. Sargrad a chance to respond to the line of questioning we have had for Dr. Gordon. If you could tell us about CAP's role in this definition and how you see the implementation of the current supplement but not supplant rolling out, and is it in line with your research?    Mrs. Clark. Thank you. I wanted to follow up also with Dr. Canavero. In your testimony, you stated that, quote ``One of the most important aspects of the ESSA is its focus on equity,'' and I could not agree more. And you have set forth some of your victory schools program where I believe the State of Nevada put 25 million dollars into low-income schools, as you described different programs, social workers, arts, other programs that you felt were necessary.    But absent from your list of your State's ongoing effort to implement is your State's effort to implement the most expansive private school tuition tax credit in the Nation, one that gives 51 hundred dollars to private school tuition regardless of family income. This in a state where you are the seventh highest percentage of children living in poverty in Nevada, and at least according to the Ed Week report card, the lowest ranking school system in the country.    I am curious, how do using these public funds intended for public education, as we are here talking about how we can best serve our lowest income students, how does that further your State's focus on educational equity?    Mrs. Clark. Is it not true, Dr. Canavero, that the Nevada State Treasurer has estimated that this program if fully implemented, and at this point 80 percent of the applicants for this tax credit are higher income, only 11 percent are in your 40th or below in income levels, so only 11 percent really beginning to touch the bottom 40th of earners, that could divert up to $200 million from public schools.    Do you think there is a feeling in Nevada, in the State legislature, that equal amounts of tax credit builds equity into the system?    Mrs. Clark. Thank you. I yield back.