    Mr. Issa. Good morning. I want to welcome you all to this intimate dais gathering here.    The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee at any time.    We welcome today a hearing with the stakeholders of prospective changes on ICANN. In particular, we will be dealing today with a number of new items, including the .SUCKS domain and essential steps to guarantee trust and accountability in Internet operations.    Today's hearing comes approximately 14 months after the National Telecommunications and Information Administration announced its intention to relinquish the existing contract for the oversight of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, or IANA, to the global multi-stakeholder group coordinated by ICANN. Now, that is a mouthful. But in a nutshell, we have decided to give up our governance control that has been in place effectively since the beginning of the Internet.    The United States has been a critical backstop against censorship and in promoting openness and free speech in the Internet once IANA's contract is surrendered. It is impossible to go back once this is done, and we cannot overstate the importance of such a transition. If it is to occur, it is important that it be done correctly and recognizing that the long-term aspirations of these organizations that contribute to the operations of the Internet must take the utmost caution in establishing a process to transition to a new form of control of this critical backbone function.    Clearly, I was troubled by the NTIA's sudden announcement late on a Friday afternoon, which is known by all of us to bury a story. So on September 30, 2014, without first informing or engaging with the appropriate parties for collaboration, including the staff of this Committee--and I want to make it clear, a minor notice that something would be happening the next week, on a Thursday, without recognizing what it was going to be, and then having it stuck in on a Friday, is not collaboration. It is certainly not consultation.    The process that we want to have must be deliberate, conscientious, and, in fact, include a bottom-up evaluation by all the stakeholders. So today's hearing is really about recognizing successes and failures throughout this process.    But we have the largest group of witnesses I personally have ever had in my 15 years in Congress for a reason. Even without ICANN at the table, what we have is we have a small segment of the stakeholders. To have only eight is a disappointment, because there are millions. But to have eight is the bare minimum for us to begin to talk about the breadth of concern that seems to exist in a transition that, although anticipated for a long time, seems to be rushing forward just at a time in which particularly the domain name system has some serious questions and perhaps flaws.    It is particularly important that now that it is about a year later, that we begin to ask the question: Is it appropriate to have the transition as scheduled, or should there be further delay with a short extension in order to ensure that the process that cannot be undone is done right the first time?    An example that particularly concerns this Member is, in fact, that in light of the .AMAZON Web site, one that was not done in consultation with a company of Internet fame, nor necessarily in proper consultation with the countries in which Amazon flows, has been with some chaos and lessons to be learned, and I want to thank our witness for being here today so we can begin discussing what was learned and should be learned before sites such as .SUCKS, .PORN, or .IHATECONGRESS are put on the Internet. I know that .IHATECONGRESS would be well sold, perhaps over-subscribed. The question is, does it serve the responsibility to ensure sufficient naming so that all may have an appropriate name? Or, in fact, have we gotten into a business model that was never envisioned?    There is no question in my mind that since there are billions of possibilities in IPv6, a series of three-digit numbers, there are enough numbers finally to take care of every point. But since names can be assigned by the dozens or even thousands to one number, are we simply exaggerating the number of names that are going to end up at a single point?    In closing, the .SUCKS domain was approved by ICANN and auctioned last November to a company that now has the right to operate a new generic top-level domain. ICANN should not be the speech police. However, as I have done individual evaluation, and I now place into the record the DarrellIssa.SUCKS opportunity to buy, the process being done by the companies that gain the rights appears to this Member to be nothing more than legalized extortion. The typical price most Americans see if they go to GoDaddy or any other site to buy a name is in the dollars or tens of dollars. In the case of these sites, which can be often and most likely used in a pejorative way, the sites begin at $249 but are effectively being done as an auction. You are given an opportunity to bid, if you are the proper name owner, $2,500, with no guarantee that you won't be over-bid by somebody that hates you more than you love your own name.    So as we begin this process, one of the key elements that we are going to be exploring is whether, in fact, naming and those sales should ever be done to settle past debts that ICANN has, or a bidding process that leads to an unreasonable cost to the legitimate owner of a name only to protect his name from either disparagement or dilution.    And with that, I am pleased to recognize the Ranking Member for his opening statement.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman. Thank you, Mr. Nadler.    I now recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Goodlatte, for his opening statement.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman.    We now recognize the Ranking Member of the full Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman. As I said in my opening statement, it is not a large group. It is a sub-segment of millions of people who would like to be sitting here at the witness table.    It is now my pleasure to introduce the distinguished panel of witnesses. The witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in their entirety. I ask you to please summarize within 5 minutes or less, considering the size of the witnesses. To help us stay within this time limit, you will notice, as my colleague and former Chairman of another Committee, Mr. Towns, would say, you will notice that there is a red, a yellow, and a green light, and every American knows that green means go, yellow means go faster, and red means you have to stop. So if you will obey those, or if you possibly could summarize in less time, it would be appreciated since it will leave more time for the many questions we will have.    Before I introduce the witnesses, I would ask that all the witnesses please rise to take the oath required by the Committee. Please raise your right hand.    Do you all solemnly swear that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Please be seated.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    It is now my pleasure to introduce our panel of witnesses.    Ms. Mei-lan Stark is the Immediate Past President of the International Trademark Association.    Mr. Paul Misener is Vice President of Global Public Policy at Amazon.com, who has already been mentioned more than most witnesses.    Mr. John Horton is President of LegitScript.    Mr. Steve Metalitz is Counsel for the Coalition for Online Accountability.    Mr. Bill Woodcock is Executive Director of Packet Clearing House.    Mr. Steve DelBianco is Executive Director of NetChoice.    Mr. Phil Corwin is Counsel for the Internet Commerce Association.    And last but not least is Mr. Jonathan Zuck, President of ACT | The App Association.    And with that, Madam, you get to go first.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Misener?    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Horton?    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Metalitz?    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Woodcock?    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Del--I am doing great. And it is a famous name, too.    Mr. DelBianco?  TESTIMONY OF STEVE DelBIANCO, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, NETCHOICE    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Corwin?    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Corwin.    Mr. Zuck?    Mr. Issa. Thank you, and thank you for paraphrasing Churchill. He never actually delineated whether the British parliamentary system or the U.S. republic system and federalism was better, so perhaps we can work that out in ICANN.    Mr. Issa. English and Scots are finding out says the Ranking Member.    With that, I ask unanimous consent that a rather lengthy letter to John O. Jeffrey from David Hosp be placed in the record, this letter from the offices of Fish and Richardson. It was referred to by the Ranking Member and I am sure will come up in our discussions.    Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Issa. I will now recognize myself, and I will start with a simple question for all eight panelists. The question is simple; hopefully the answer will be yes or no.    Do we need more time? Do we need to exercise the extension in order to get it right in the transition?    Mr. Issa. I will come back to you on this, I promise. But briefly, do we need more time than the short time remaining on the existing transition?    Mr. Issa. To each of you, do we need more time?    Mr. Issa. Mr. Corwin?    Mr. Issa. Mr. Zuck, clean up. What would Churchill say?    Mr. Issa. So paraphrasing for all of you, you do support a multi-stakeholder transition as long as all the prerequisites are met, it is a bottom-up approach, and the transition is one that we can live with for the long run. Good.    Ms. Stark, I am going to go back to you. In light of, if you will, .SUCKS, .AMAZON, perhaps the drug explanations that were so articulately said, do we need and how do we get, sort of point by point, how do we get to the kind of consistency and enforcement that is necessary to protect trademark holders, copyright holders, and obviously the unlawful acts on the Internet that are prohibited?    Mr. Issa. Do you think there need to be management changes or structural changes in the management to get that done? In other words, they used to do something, they are doing it less well rather than better. Do you see that as a management failure?    Mr. Issa. You don't need to name names. Mr. Issa. Now I am going to ask one more question. It will probably get several comments.    Whether it is .SUCKS, or if you were going to have a German version of it, apparently it would be .SAUGT, I have no idea what it would be in Italian, in Chinese, in all the other possible languages. What I do know is there are 1,025,000 recognized names in the English language, and if we assume for a moment that we are going to promote and allow a proliferation of dot-somethings simply to gain more money, do you believe that inherently the stakeholders--and I will leave those who sell names out of the stakeholder business--the stakeholders, the actual users, the people who want perhaps one name for each function, perhaps only one name, period, are well served by trying to use every possible name in 209-plus languages?    If I see no answer, I will assume that you all think it is really a bad idea to simply proliferate names that end up with people having to buy thousands of them.    Mr. Issa. Okay. Quickly, because my time has expired.    Mr. Issa. I will close with just one statement. That letter from Fish and Richardson says to me please don't say that this is legalized extortion. Please don't say that when we have an auctioning process that not only makes more money in debt relief to ICANN but, in fact, charges exorbitant prices to the very people who already own the intellectual property that is effectively being ransomed, please don't call it legalized extortion.    Well, I take great pride that under speech and debate, right or wrong, I call it legalized extortion.    I now recognize the Ranking Member.    Mr. Issa. Would the gentleman briefly yield for a follow-up?    Mr. Issa. Thank you. I just want to follow up and understand this. I have looked, and JerryNadlerSucks.com and .org both are available. DarrellIssaSucks.com and .org, for anyone that wants them, are available, and I am sure someone will find them. But they are, in fact, at GoDaddy $9.99 and $7.99, respectively.    Mr. Issa. We are not in great demand. But my understanding is that AmazonSucks.com has been bought up by Amazon. The fact is that there has already been a long legacy of buying names to try to protect them. This latest shakedown is because there is now a new name and a new opportunity, and it is not available for first-come/first-serve. In other words, GoDaddy and the other sellers are not out there competing, something that we believe in, to try to sell you a name that multiple people can sell. You have an exclusive holder of a name who is holding it ransom as a form of extortion. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Issa. The hearing is young. Mr. Issa. But I am only dealing with the price.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman. Our time has expired.    Mr. Forbes?    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    I now ask unanimous consent that the letter that prompted the earlier letter from IPC be placed in the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    We also are in receipt of a letter from ICANN that I would like placed in the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Issa. We now go to the gentleman from Michigan for his thoughtful questions and comments.    Mr. Issa . Thank you.    I am just going to make a very quick follow-up as a close. In the Fiscal Year 2016 Commerce-Justice-State, language has been inserted for a second year--it was in last year--and it prohibits NTIA from using funds to relinquish IANA function. In other words, until the end of the Fiscal Year 2016, this transition would not be allowed to go forward.    Does anyone see that as anything other than the minimum that we should do within Congress' authority? In other words, slow down this process. It is not a renewal. It simply allows them not to relinquish.    Yes, sir?    Mr. Issa. I understand that the numbers resolve just fine, and nobody knows that I am 143196, et cetera. The reality, though, is that governance is a package deal, wouldn't you say? That trying to separate them would create a greater bureaucracy.    Mr. Issa. Noted.    Anyone else?    Yes, sir.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Misener, the Administration abstained from weighing in. Do you believe that they should have weighed in on this issue rather than leaving it as it ended up?    Mr. Issa. And ICANN, as I understand it, had the ability not to issue the name, period, simply to take it back and say it was a big mistake, we are not going to have a .AMAZON. Isn't that right?    Mr. Issa. You know, George Carlin had seven names he used on television, only to find out it locked him out of television. Isn't it possible, or isn't it prudent that even when names bubble up through a multi-stakeholder process, that when down the road you discover, like the first day of battle you discover that your battle plan had flaws in it because the enemy found them, shouldn't there be a process to go back through that loop and say is it really necessary to have .thisisstupid?    Mr. Issa. It is interesting that in over 200 years of this Nation, and obviously longer than that ago that the Amazon River was named, nobody seemed to have come up and named their company Amazon. And yet you do it, and the next thing you know it is a great name for the whole world to have in a .AMAZON.    Let me just close with a question.    Mr. Issa. Yes, sir.    Mr. Issa. Of course.    Mr. Issa. Great question.    Earlier I named some other sites that end in .com. I just want a yes or no because I think these two questions could be a good yes or no. Isn't it true that the most desirable ending, by far, is .com for almost anybody who wants it? It is the first choice of every registrant? Is that correct? Does anyone disagree with that?    Yes, Mr. Corwin.    Mr. Issa. And .com sells first. If people go to find something--I use GoDaddy, but you could go to any of them--they put a name in, and if .com is available, that is the one they take. It is even the default on many of them.    Mr. Issa. It is the opposite of whitehouse.com, which takes you to all kinds of non-.com sites.    Mr. Issa. Okay, and I will get to you very quickly. But when Network Solutions had a monopoly, when it was one place, they made a lot of money selling these things at less than $15, right?    I have a basic question. If we assume for a moment that the charter of ICANN is or should be the interest of commerce--in other words, a fiduciary obligation to promote commerce, not to enrich themselves, or even enrich people who sell the names--then is there any real excuse to have a $2,500 price tag on any, absolutely any name at all? In other words, first come, first served. If you want a name, why does that name need to rise above the $10 that .com's are being sold for every day? I paid more or less the $10 when I bought DEI.com years ago. I think the price was slightly higher when Network Solutions had it, but it was still de minimis.    Mr. Issa. I didn't ask about controlling prices. I asked about----    Mr. Issa. But please hear the question one more time. If the entity, ICANN, has an obligation in its charter, does or should have, that says it exists to make that product available at the lowest possible price, its process of putting those names out--for example, no exclusives, sell the auction, don't buy exclusive rights, three people buy it. So when I talk about competition gets you an appropriate price and a monopoly gets you a monopolistic price, I understand you are saying we shouldn't be fixing prices, but we have an entity that has .SUCKS and is using its monopolistic power to extort money.    My question is that if we assume that ICANN exists for the public benefit, whether it is Amazon in your fight or any of them, and if there were fair competition, meaning people wanting to get these out there and nobody being able to camp on them unless they pay the fee and own it themselves, obviously you would have a reselling market, but in the primary, original sale market, is there any reason cost-wise that these names would have to cost more than $10 a year?    Mr. Issa. Yes, Mr. Corwin.    Mr. Issa. There was substantial up-front to apply because that was the model ICANN was using.    Mr. Issa. There does seem to be two prices, the price when there is competition and the price when there is extortion.    I am going to go to Mr. Collins, but I will go quickly to you, ma'am. Go ahead, Ms. Stark.    Mr. Issa. I certainly agree. It couldn't have been said better.    Mr. Collins?    Mr. Issa. Without objection, the laundry list is placed in the record.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    I am going to close with a question. It is somewhat rhetorical, but I will let you weigh in if you want to, and it is similar to what Mr. Zuck and I had sort of a back and forth on.    ICANN is a California-registered non-profit. Now, non-profits, even though they pay their CEO millions of dollars, non-profits can only be non-profits if they, in fact, exist for a public benefit. So ICANN, contrary to Mr. Zuck and I's back and forth, has an obligation for service, and I am of the opinion that in a number of examples we have seen here today, including how they oversee, if you will, the multi-stakeholder process, they seem to have lost track of that. And certainly when you see that a relatively de minimis amount of money--it cost me less than $10 to get Issa.cc, which happens to be international, but it came through the process of you buy it online, and a number of others--most times when you want a name, if it is available, it costs you $10 or less. But when, in fact, it is a name that exists for the purpose of causing you to buy it in defense, it has an extortionary price.    My closing comments--and I will let anyone weigh in who wants to--is doesn't Congress have an obligation, along with the State of California I might say, to look at ICANN and say, you know, ICANN is making a ton of money, they seem to be in the operation of making a ton of money. It looks like in the case of .SUCKS that they simply wanted to recover a $900,000, $1 million IOU from a company that had failed to meet its earlier commitments, and this deal was a way to do it with an extra incentive to clear up an old balance.    If somebody disagrees, I would love to hear it. If you agree, briefly, and then we will call it a day.    Mr. Issa. Mr. Corwin?    Mr. Issa. Of course ultimately, the auction process, that is not serving the public interest. That is making them money. The public interest is served when a company like Amazon gets value, and I will put it in a term that hopefully you will all agree with.    Horses running alone run slower than a horse with a jockey on it. But a horse with a 500-pound jockey doesn't run at all.    We, in fact, have a phenomenal horse. The naming system is what makes a string of first four and now six series of sequential numbers actually be usable by the public. That is the jockey that is making this enterprise work. When I type ``fox.fox'' for ``fox.com,'' I get what I want in most cases. It works, where numbers would never do that. But if I simply put hundreds or thousands of $10 to $2,500 purchases on the back of an enterprise, I put a 500-pound jockey on that enterprise, as you said so well, Ms. Stark. I am taxing an enterprise.    That public benefit corporation has an obligation to these companies. They have an obligation to the stakeholder. The real stakeholder is commerce. It is not their enrichment in fees and a new set of profiteers that simply are in the business of hijacking the system and causing other enterprises to pay for, effectively, a heavier jockey.    We have to end it after this.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    This will be the very last comment because it is time to go.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, and this concludes today's hearing. I want to thank all of our witnesses today.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses and additional material for the record.    I thank you, and we stand adjourned.