    Mr. DOGGETT. Thank you for the opportunity to consider these matters.    You know, when Lyndon Johnson declared war on poverty, he got underway programs that have changed the lives of millions of Americans for the better. In 1996, when we approved welfare reform, which I supported, we recognized there was a need to consider some of those programs and make alterations.    When I hear talk this morning of another round of welfare reform, I want to be sure that the reform that is coming achieves more than the 1996 reform, does not simply use Federal resources to permit the States to displace their own commitment and denies so much assistance to individuals compared to where we were in 1996. It needs to be about lifting people up, not just reform that is about cutting and numbers.    There are things that this hearing can focus on that I think can be helpful. If you means test programs, benefits eventually stop after an individual earns a certain amount of money, we can and should mitigate the impact by preventing eligibility cliffs. And we have one model for that, though it is under constant attack in this room, and that is the Affordable Care Act. It did just that for low-income workers by allowing them to earn more and still receive Medicaid in those States that had the good judgment to accept 100 cents of the dollar to finance their Medicaid or to receive private tax credits for private insurance.    But our Republican colleagues have continued to insist that these important steps must be repealed, and many governors, like my own, have refused to fully implement the promise of the Affordable Care Act. We can increase the phaseout range for programs so that benefits decline more gradually when a person goes to work. We can support programs that now actively promote and reward work, like the Earned Income Tax Credit, the Child Tax Credit.    But for some people the solution to every problem--I view it as rather blockheaded--it is to block grant everything. Rather than pursuing these commonsense approaches of supporting work, I hope that this one-size-fits-all answer of block grants is not the only one advanced along with cutting Federal funding.    Mr. Chairman, Americans deserve better than a cut-and-run strategy. We need concrete proposals for helping Americans find, keep, and advance in employment, not a reduction in the Federal commitment to reaching this critical goal. I hope our witnesses will provide additional insight and recommendations for how we achieve that objective.    And I yield back, and thank you.    Mr. DOGGETT. Thank you. And thanks to each of you for your important testimony. I am pleased to note that as you have been testifying, Chief Justice Roberts writing for six members of the United States Supreme Court has upheld the health care security of many of the people that we are talking about right now. As he wrote, quote, ``Congress passed the Affordable Care Act to improve health insurance markets, not to destroy them.'' And he rejected the rejectionist argument that he said would, quote, ``likely create the very death spirals that Congress designed the Act to avoid.''    So I hope that as we address the issues that you are raising in your important testimony, that we will learn from the Affordable Care Act; we will cease the 60-plus attempts to repeal it, and get about the business of how we improve and strengthen it. And as it relates to this whole question of cliffs, how we can learn from the important legislative changes that were made in the Affordable Care Act.    Let me ask you, Ms. Golden, I appreciate your answer to the last question, to talk a little more about what I refer to as the block-headed approach of giving States like Texas that are rejectionist States, that have rejected the Affordable Care Act, despite the 800,000 Texans that are benefiting already from these marketplaces and the many more who could benefit from the expansion of Medicare, what the likely effect is of providing Texas and other such States a block grant, and how block granting programs like SNAP are giving the States the option of pushing multiple programs into one block grant program? What will that likely actually do for the working poor, for the people that are out there struggling with two or three jobs but don't really have a living wage?    Mr. DOGGETT. Would you turn your----    Mr. DOGGETT. Thank you, so much. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.