    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and once again, I appreciate the panel here and basically the comments that you have had about this particular issue. One of the things, Dr. Federoff, that I have been sitting here thinking about is as far as the testing of these products. Are there any risks for consumers to choose organic foods?    Mr. Allen. Yes.    Mr. Allen. Yes.    Mr. Allen. Right. Okay.    Mr. Allen. Okay.    Mr. Allen. And that is what----    Mr. Allen. Ms. Lidback, I grew up on a dairy farm, and the best decision that my dad made was to get out of that business. And here you are, first-generation. I applaud you. I chose to be the clean-up person because I got to sleep a little later. And speaking of cow manure, I am in trouble there because that is what I did, is clean that place up every morning, every night. But I can tell you this, if they get too tough on you there in Vermont, you are welcome to come to the State of Georgia and we will do everything we can to help you do business down there.    Mr. Allen. Yes, I will take any other comments. What we want is a solution to this and what is the Federal Government's role in this. We have less than about 2\1/2\ minutes, and I would like to open it up. What do we need to do on this?    Mr. Allen. Right.    Mr. Allen. Okay.    Mr. Allen. Well, that is why I asked the question about organic side. It seems like the GMO is kind of on everybody's radar. So let us let everybody know what is going on because the consumer does need to know and the consumer needs to have the ability to make that choice. Thank you very much, and I yield back the remainder of my time.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Scott, for 5 minutes.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This has been a fascinating hearing. I think basically what this boils down is do we have--because all of the consumers need to know what is in the food. It is basically whether it is one national standard or state by state. But there is another issue here that purveys, that runs from the farmer, the producer, all the way up to the consumer, and that is economics. Mr. Dempsey, you hit two very important points that we need to pay a little attention to.    You mentioned in your statement that, first, \1/2\ of your businesses in your association earn less than $\1/2\ million a year, or should I say it was $100 million gross. And second, which means they are basically small businesses. And the other point was that in some of these communities, that particular business is the primary source of employment.    We ought to look at these two and how they basically impact. So tell us just how critical is the need for the Federal Government to intervene here with a national standard, rather than as it seems to be a state-by-state approach? What is that economic impact on the jobs and on small businesses?