    Mr. Foster. Good afternoon, Chairman Garrett, Ranking Member Maloney, and members of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today on behalf of the Small Business Investor Alliance or SBIA. SBIA's members provide vital capital to small and medium-sized businesses nationwide, resulting in job creation and economic growth.    My name is Vince Foster, and I am chairman, president, and CEO of Main Street Capital Corporation, an SEC-registered BDC based in Houston, Texas. We are named Main Street for a reason. Main Street is who we are and where we invest.    As our name makes clear, we have invested in over 400 small and midsized companies. That amounts to more than $4 billion invested into growing businesses that were not able to adequately access capital through traditional financing sources. Like many BDCs, we focus on smaller businesses.    We partner with entrepreneurs, business owners, and management teams that generally provide one-stop financing alternatives. Currently, we are backing over 70 lower-middle-market companies headquartered in 24 States. More than half of these businesses have revenues of less than $25 million.    To illustrate this diversity, we have funded two of the fastest growing technology companies in Eugene, Oregon; the largest privately owned jewelry store chain in the Rocky Mountains headquartered in Twin Falls, Idaho; one of the largest Goodyear Tire retailers in the United States headquartered in Austin, Texas; the leading micro-irrigation design and installation company in the San Joaquin Valley headquartered in Delano, California; the leading FBO at the Indianapolis Airport; one of the largest fully-integrated precast concrete companies headquartered in San Antonio, Texas; and one of the only two independent producers of styrene butadiene rubber in the United States headquartered in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, just to name a few.    We have also invested in GRT Rubber Technologies headquartered in Paragould, Arkansas, which was founded in the 1880s and manufactures rubber products including conveyor belts. And Bridge Capital Solutions, headquartered in Hauppauge, New York, which operates Long Island's only licensed commercial check-cashing service, serving small businesses in New York.    Today, Main Street has small business investments in at least 15 of the 24 States represented by this committee. And we are just one of the over 34 BDCs that are a part of SBIA.    Small and medium-sized businesses need growth capital. BDCs are growing to fill that need. BDC loan balances have tripled since 2008, and are not slowing. Growing businesses are going to continue to need more capital. BDCs will benefit from modernization that small businesses will be the ultimate beneficiaries of reform.    BDCs are highly regulated and highly transparent. The public can look up and review every one of our investments.    The BDC industry is not seeking deregulation or any changes to the Dodd-Frank Act. We have earned investor trust and grown stronger in the face of economic calamity. We earned our good name, and we will work to keep it.    What BDCs do need is commonsense modernization. I might need Mike to help me lift this up. Look at this stack of paper. This is our SEC filing to issue stock. Hundreds of pages represent wasted money and manpower.    Here is what CIT, $50 billion versus our $1.5 billion, has to file to get the same result because they can incorporate their other SEC filings by reference, but BDCs cannot. Do 4 more inches of paper protect better than half an inch? No one is protected by the failure to modernize the rules for BDCs.    This discussion draft would fix this absurdity and make a host of other clearly needed reforms. These reforms are overdue and worthy of bipartisan support. We encourage the committee to act promptly.    This committee has clearly worked on a bipartisan basis to make other reforms and improvements. For example, almost every BDC in the industry wants the freedom to access the markets by increasing the regulatory cap on leverage from 1-to-1 to 2-to-1. Not everyone will make the change, but they want the freedom to adjust to changes in the market.    The proposal does this in a very smart fashion that adds meaningful investor protections while adding capacity for investing. The draft bill makes other smart reforms that can add investor protections with transparency.    Currently, BDCs can earn registered investment advisers. But it requires SEC exemptive relief. This means BDCs are playing by different rules, and the investors are in the dark.    Standardizing the relief makes a level playing field, and provides clarity for investors. This, too, is a smart reform that is worthy of bipartisan support.    The bill includes a number of other reforms. Many are technical, but they matter, particularly for smaller and growing BDCs.    Every section of this bill shows thoughtful collaboration and improvements from previous bills. As the committee works through any fine-tuning on the bill, SBIA would encourage the committee to continue to keep the process moving and work to get real reform signed into law this Congress.    I would welcome any questions that you may have for me. Thank you.    Mr. Foster. Sure.    The BDCs in the SBIA have generally been polled by the staff. And in general there is a consensus with respect to the BDCs, the 34 BDCs in the SBIA--not 100 percent, but a general consensus is that this additional flexibility would be nice. It is not a priority at all.    And I don't think many of us would take advantage of it. We personally would not take advantage of it. I think you would do so at your own risk to the degree you alienated some of your shareholders or what have you by changing your business plan.    On the other hand, we are permanent vehicles for capital. And there is a constantly changing array of investment opportunities out there. And the credit cycle goes up and down.    So to me, it is kind of like the swimming pool in the backyard. I really don't use it, but it is nice to know it is there if I ever want to use it. And I think that is the general consensus of the SBIA.    Mr. Foster. Thank you. Yes. The first thing that is going to happen, all three of us, our investment grade rated by the S&P, we are the most creditworthy of the BDCs out there.    And the first thing we are likely going to do if the legislation passes is sit down with the rating agencies and talk about their reaction, if any, to it. And they probably won't have a reaction--just because we can have more leverage doesn't mean they are going to allow us to have more leverage. And I don't think any of us are going to take on more leverage if it means a ratings downgrade.    Similarly, like Mr. Arougheti said, we will sit down with our banks and say what, if anything, are you willing to provide us now that we have the ability to have slightly more leverage? And so there is a lot of self-correcting mechanisms, the way we all operate, where you are not going to see a huge amount of immediate leveraging.    You are going to sit down with your constituents. You are going to figure out what makes sense. But I think the shareholders are the winners at the end of the day. And I think that there are businesses out there that we can't reach that we are going to be able to reach. But I think that it will be selective and I think it will take some time.    Mr. Foster. Sure. Well, yes. We have investments. And Mr. Arougheti has one too. We have--and probably Mike as well. We have investments in leasing companies that might have to occupy a small role in our 30 percent bucket. And would it be nice to not have to worry about that if another leasing company came in because the leasing company's equipment leasing companies, they are helping operating businesses, right. So just because--    Mr. Foster. Yes. We--    Mr. Foster. Yes. But I think our members think that the 30 percent bucket is adequate to deal with those. We welcome it. It would be nice if it were bigger. But I just don't see it as a priority to--    Mr. Foster. I don't think the SBIA really has a position on that because we are dealing exclusively with either SBIC funds that have as their investors accredited investors, or SEC-registered companies that have as their investors retail and institutional shareholders, which is accompanies by extensive disclosure and generally full liquidity for the shares. And so I don't think we really have a position on that.    Mr. Foster. Sure. I asked our lead investment bank Raymond James if the DOL rule that is about to come out would impact them because a lot of our shareholder are individuals but they invest through IRAs and 401(k)s. And they canvassed their system and did not think it would be significant. But you think it could be.    Mr. Foster. I can't really explain why there is--I guess it says a billion five--    Mr. Foster. Oh yes.    Mr. Foster. Maybe one of the two Michaels--    Mr. Foster. I will add, I think it is--we have given some thought to it. I think it is theoretically attractive to provide the 1-to-1 to the 70, but not the 30. But if the 30 gets bigger, then the bill begins to lose its effectiveness.    And I do--I am concerned because most of us are on--all of us are owned primarily retail investors. And they get 1-to-1 or they get 2-to-1. But when you start explaining the baskets and how we are going to report that to them and how we are going to monitor it, and what it does to this, I don't think it is a practical solution.    Mr. Foster. Sure. And a good example is we specialize in change control transaction with retired business owners. The kids aren't in the business, they are too small for a public company to buy, too small for private equity.    We will come in there and arrange a change control transaction. And then in the last 10 years prior to retirement, the last thing they want to do is open up a new plant. So very frequently we are able to come in and regain a growth trajectory. And if it wasn't for us, not only are you creating jobs you might not even retain those jobs.