    Dr. Conway. Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to discuss the CMS's work to ensure that all Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries are receiving the medicines they need, while also reducing and preventing prescription drug abuse.    As we have heard from other witnesses, opioid analgesics have increasingly been implicated in drug overdose deaths over the last decade. As a practicing physician, I understand the importance of this issue.    CMS recognizes our responsibility to protect the health of Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries by ensuring that appropriate safeguards are in place to help prevent overuse and abuse of opioids, while ensuring that beneficiaries can access needed medications and appropriate treatments for substance abuse disorder.    Since its inception in 2006, the Medicare part D prescription drug benefit has made medicines more available and affordable, leading to improvements in access to prescription drugs and better health outcomes.    Despite these successes, part D is not immune from the nationwide epidemic of opioid abuse. CMS has broadened its initial focus of strengthening beneficiary access to prescribed drugs to also address potential fraud and drug abuse by making sure part D sponsors implement effective safeguards and provide coverage for drug therapies that meet safety and efficacy standards.    We believe that broader reforms that result in better coordinated care will help protect beneficiaries from the damaging effects associated with prescription drug abuse and to prevent and detect overutilization related to prescription drugs.    A centerpiece of our strategy is to strengthen CMS's monitoring of part D plan sponsors' drug utilization management programs, to prevent overutilization of these medications. To accomplish this goal, the Medicare part D overutilization monitoring system, or OMS, was implemented in 2013. Through this system, CMS provides reports to sponsors on beneficiaries with potential opioid overutilization identified through analysis of prescription drug event data and through beneficiaries referred by the CMS Center for Program Integrity. Sponsors are expected to utilize various drug utilization monitoring tools to prevent continued overutilization of opioids. Recent data has shown that from 2011 to 2014, the OMS has reduced the number of potential opioid over-utilizers by appropriately 26 percent.    CMS also utilizes the Drug Integrity Contract, or MEDIC, which is charged with identifying and investigating potential fraud and abuse, and developing cases for referral to law enforcement agencies. In 2013, CMS directed the MEDIC to increase its focus on proactive data analysis in part D. CMS has also used our rule-making authority to create new tools to take action against problematic prescribers and pharmacies. We recently finalized a provision that requires prescribers of part D drugs to enroll or have a valid opt-out affidavit on file, and establishes a new revocation authority for abusing prescribing patterns.    State Medicaid agencies have also taken action to tackle the opioid abuse epidemic. Efforts include expanding the Medicaid benefit to include behavioral health services for those with addiction to prescription drugs and pharmacy management review programs. Although CMS does not determine what services are provided in each Medicaid program to prevent and treat opioid abuse, we are encouraged by the increasing efforts by States to develop effective strategies for designing benefits for this population.    We recently launched the Medicaid Innovation Accelerator Program, or IAP, to provide States with technical assistance and other types of support to address this important issue.    CMS, in coordination with CDC, SAMHSA, and NIH, issued an informational bulletin on medication-assisted treatment for Substance Abuse Disorder in the Medicaid program. This guidance outlines that a combination of medication and behavioral therapies is the most effective combination of treatment. We issued a similar bulletin focused on these services in the pediatric and youth population.    CMS is dedicated to providing the best possible care to beneficiaries with opioid addiction, and is working with part D sponsors and State Medicaid programs to implement effective safeguards to prevent opioid abuse and treat patients effectively with substance abuse disorders.    CMS has made progress, but there is more work to be done. CMS is undertaking multiple policy initiatives and interventions to reduce the rate of opioid addiction and overdoses in both Medicare and Medicaid.    In previous testimonies, I've never had family here or the time to thank them, so I do want to thank my mother, Diane Conway, is here and my son, Jack, who's out of school, as well as my wonderful wife, Heather, and daughters Alexa and Savannah. And without their love and support, I would not be able to work on issues like this that are critically important to our Nation. So thank you.    Dr. Conway. I am aware that it's a higher percentage of deaths compared to prescriptions because of the long half-life and risks described.    Dr. Conway. So I'm a practicing physician. I do not, as a practicing physician, typically use methadone as a first defense. However, I think it depends on the individual patient characteristics and would defer to the physician's judgment with that individual patient.    Dr. Conway. So I'd make a few points. Statutorily, the Medicaid programs have the ability to set their preferred drug list. However, we have taken a couple of actions that I think to try to address this issue. One, working with SAMHSA, NIH, and others on this panel, we have put out an informational bulletin to the Medicaid programs talking about this issue and a complete array of pain, both on the medication side, the risks of methadone, and the other options and, also, importantly as others have said, the importance of both behavioral treatment and medication treatment.    I'd also call out, in our Medicaid Innovation Accelerator Program, the first area we're working on is substance abuse disorders. We have over 30 States involved, and they're taking a comprehensive approach to the Medicaid program to appropriate substance abuse treatment, including appropriate use of medications and also other therapies.