    Mr. HORAN. Thank you.    Good morning, Chairman Hanna and Ranking Member Takai. Thank you for inviting me to testify.    In my view, GSA's proposed transactional data rule is afflicted with three of the most fundamental problems that a procurement regulation can have. One, it creates a significant, unnecessary, and underestimated burden on contractors, a burden that will be felt more acutely by small businesses. Two, the anticipated benefit to the government is poorly defined and is not likely to be realized. Three, the proposed rule is subject to misuse that can result in considerable harm to contractors, particularly small business contractors.    As we have heard, GSA estimates that it will take six hours to initially implement the procedures required to capture the transactional data, and an average of 31 minutes per month for ongoing reporting. GSA does not provide sufficient detail to analyze how these estimates are flawed, but virtually every informed party who has weighed in on these estimates believes they are inaccurate, including such diverse parties as major industry associations, such as the Coalition for Government Procurement and GSA's own Office of Inspector General.    Based on my experience, the effort required by the proposed rule will take significantly more time and expense than estimated by GSA. A contractor cannot simply gather and report the information but also must ensure that the information is current, accurate, and complete. Otherwise, the contractor will risk an allegation of fraud under the False Claims Act, as has been the case with essentially every other form of cost report submitted by contractors to the government.    Small businesses, which GSA estimates to be 80 percent of the contracts affected by this rule, are especially vulnerable to these added expenses because they often operate with fewer internal resources and lower margins than larger businesses. Industry also views the imposition of the burden as unnecessary because the data, as we have heard, is already available within the government. Ironically, GSA rejected modifications to its own databases to fully capture this data as too costly and unreliable and then imposed these requirements on contractors.    GSA anticipates that the transactional data will assist government buyers in determining the best value to the government when making a purchase. GSA also recognizes a point very important to industry; that price itself is not the only element of best value, but there are many other information points in determining best value. According to GSA, important considerations include total cost, desired performance levels, delivery schedules, unique terms and conditions, time considerations, and customer satisfaction.    The rule provides no means to obtain to connect this other important information to the transactional pricing data. Without this information, the transactional pricing data required by the rule will be of little or no value in determining the best value to the government, which is GSA's purchase for the rule.    Perhaps the most fundamental concern of industry is that GSA and government buyers will use this transactional data to drive down prices without consideration of these other value-added terms and conditions. Contractors that rely on the other value-added terms and conditions will be unable to compete and will eventually leave the government market.    This is not an unfounded concern. I have seen contracting officers ignore these other considerations and focus primarily on price repeatedly in contract negotiations. GSA itself acknowledges that it has used transactional data under strategically sourced contracts to drive down prices. Again, small businesses are most vulnerable. Small businesses often operate as value-added resellers or otherwise distinguish themselves based on the value they add to a transaction that is not captured by transaction price.    Another fundamental concern of industry shared by small businesses is that the transactional data will not be adequately protected from disclosure. The rule does not describe the procedures that will be used to protect the data submitted by contractors. Industry is concerned that sensitive data will make its way into the hands of competitors, either through Freedom of Information Act requests, disclosures during negotiations, breeches of GSA systems, or other unintended disclosures.    In my view, GSA should not proceed with implementation of this rule until these fundamental issues have been addressed.    Thank you for hearing me on this important issue. And I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. HORAN. Well, the way I would like then to figure it out is if it actually produces a better value, best value to the government, considering the cost to the contractors. I do not think they can do that based on the manner in which the proposed rule is implemented here. What I think we will see from GSA is some type of calculation of, in their view, of cost savings that will be based entirely on prices and without consideration of the complexity of that type of analysis where you should be determining whether the prices would have lowered based on a competition at an order level and also the offset to those lower prices based on the loss of these other value-added services. And the finally, the consequence of pushing all contractors to lower prices regardless to the competition on GSA schedules, because I think you will see businesses, particularly small businesses, leaving the schedule as it continues in this direction.    Mr. HORAN. I think those other terms that lead to best value could be lost. Again, that it could be--the procurement could be driven to low price only, and as a result of that, the contractors who offer some of these other terms and services that provide best value will lose sales at a minimum, perhaps be driven out of the market. And the flipside of that is eventually government purchasers will lose the opportunity to purchase from those type of contractors that provide best value in a manner that is not limited to price or low price.    Mr. HORAN. Because they are out of the business. I mean, there are other issues as well. Because there is such pressure on contracting officers to look at only low price that sometimes they will exclude consideration of best value but ultimately, I think they could be out of the business.    Mr. HORAN. I agree. I think it is a significant concern, and my clients have essentially universally voiced that concern. It is viewed, I think, in industry as competitively sensitive information. The rule is not clear on how it can be used, or more importantly, I think, how it will be protected. So, and it will be in the hands of many, many folks according to the GSA's plans. So I think I can say that generally, industry is very concerned about that, that competitively sensitive information will be out there for competitors to obtain.    And I guess I would also add that this information could cause harm if it is out there to contractors both in the commercial marketplace and the government marketplace because this type of pricing information would be valuable for commercial competition as well.    Mr. HORAN. Yeah. I am not certain it will be easier, but it will be certainly--they would have to face some of the same complexities that they are willing to impose on contractors. But the point I was trying to make is that GSA, likely anticipating the criticism that they are imposing this obligation on contractors, took a look at their system and indicated in the role itself the preference to the rule changes that their systems would require changes because all this data is not contained in a single spot and they would have to undergo the effort. And that is the same effort that concerns contractors. So they were unwilling to take that expense despite the data being equally available to GSA as the contractors, and are willing to impose that on contractors.    GSA having access to this information though could readily create a database or modify databases to do exactly what they want to do. They could gather this information either directly or through transactions from other agencies. They are just unwilling to incur that expense.