    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Madam Chair. What we have been talking about today is more than just counting the number of people receiving the benefits, which would seem like it could be very expensive. Dr. Sullivan, you mentioned in your testimony that better administrative data might be a solution. Can you expand on that a little bit?    Mr. Abraham. Mr. Everett, what role does administrative data play in your field?    Mr. Abraham. Okay. Thank you. Most SNAP research now is paid for with discretionary funding, and our discretionary appropriations. And as recently as 2016, the agricultural approps bill favored reported by the approps on July 8 included a rider to increase oversight on research, and this goes to Dr. Sullivan and Mr. Baron. In reviewing the existing the SNAP research funded by the Department of Agriculture, in your opinion, is it sufficient?    Mr. Abraham. Dr. Sullivan, real quick. I have about 30 seconds.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you. Madam Chair, I yield back.    The Chairwoman. I now recognize Ms. DelBene.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I apologize for my tardiness from another committee. I read your testimonies on the root causes of hunger, and you lay out several critical factors. One of them is work, which seems to be a theme throughout the testimony. As you point out, we are 6 years from the recession ending, yet hunger remains historically high. You suggest digging a little deeper, beyond households being low income. You talk about underemployment, which is a situation in which a worker is employed, but his or her work and/or wages have been reduced, other than at the worker's request. How is that different from being low income? Because at the end of the day, it is still not enough income to meet the needs of one's family. Are there any particular policies currently in place that promote underemployment? Say the 30 hour workweek requirement under Obamacare.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That is the only question I had.    The Chairman. Well, I thank the gentleman, he yields back his time. One quick one. As you look at a community, where the rubber meets the road, there is a vast array of resources. And you talked a bit about the lack of coordination at the Federal level, between all this nonsense, and I will talk to you in a second about that, but can you talk to us a little bit about if there are community examples where they have actually integrated the not-for-profits, the churches, all those other hunger resources and assets in with the state efforts and the Federal efforts? Are you seeing a better job of coordinating there with jobs, and all the other programs they have--about case managers, and the importance they have? Did you see it being done well somewhere?