    Mr. Bejtlich. Yes, sir.    Mr. Bejtlich. Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify. I am Richard Bejtlich, Chief Security Strategist at FireEye. Today I will discuss briefly digital threats, how to think about risk, and some strategies to address these challenges.    So first, who is the threat? We have discovered and countered nation-state actors from China, Russia, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and other countries. The Chinese and Russians tend to hack for commercial and geopolitical gain. The Iranians and North Koreans extend these activities to include disruption via denied service and sabotage using destructive malware. Activity from Syria relates to the regional civil war, and sometimes affects Western news outlets and other victims. Eastern Europe continues to be a source of criminal operations, and we worry about the conflict between Ukraine and Russia extending into the digital realm.    I began by saying who is the threat, and that brings about threat attribution. Threat attribution, or identifying responsibility for a breach, depends on the political stakes surrounding an incident. For high-profile intrusions such as those in the news over the last few months, attribution has been a priority. National technical means, law enforcement, and counterintelligence can pierce anonymity. Some elements of the private sector have the right experience and evidence to assist with this process. So attribution is possible, but it is a function of what is at stake.    So who is being breached? In March of 2014, the Washington Post reported that in 2013, federal agents, most often the FBI, notified more than 3,000 U.S. companies that their computer systems had been hacked. This count represents clearly identified breach victims. Many were likely compromised more than once. How do victims learn of a breach? In 70 percent of the cases, someone else, likely the FBI, tells a victim about a serious compromise. Only 30 percent of the time, the victims learn of the intrusions on their own. The median amount of time for when an intruder first compromises a victim to when the victim learns of a breach is currently 205 days. This means that, unfortunately for nearly 7 months after gaining initial entry, intruders are free to roam within victim networks.    Well, what is the answer? Before talking about solutions to digital risk, we need to define it. Always ask risk of what. Are we talking about the risk of a teenager committing suicide due to cyberbullying, or the risk of a retiree's 401(k) being emptied due to electronic theft, or the risk of a week-long power outage due to state-sponsored attack? Step one is to define the risk, and step two is to measure progress by combining means and ways to achieve defined ends.    To measure success, I recommend that a security team track the number of intrusions that occur every year, and you will see this in the FISMA report that was just released yesterday, although, honestly, it seemed buried in the report. So you want to count the number of intrusions per year, but more importantly, you want to measure the amount of time from when the intruder first gets into the enterprise to when someone notices, and when from someone notices to when you kick them out. And these are the metrics that I don't see recorded too often.    It is also important to think in terms of how to define risk, and security professionals, like the ones at this table, tend to think in terms of threat vulnerability and cost. And we use a pseudo equation where risk is the product of threat vulnerability and cost. We are not trying to calculate a number; just show that, as you influence each one of these factors, you either raise risk or lower risk.    So I think in general, there is a lot of attention paid to the vulnerability in a computer and an iPhone, that sort of thing, but we need to spend a lot of time as well on the threat and the cost. Law enforcement and counterintelligence are the primary means by which you can mitigate the threat. In an editorial for Brookings that I wrote, I asked what makes more sense; expecting two billion Internet users to adequately secure their personal information, or reducing the threat posed by the roughly 100 top tier malware authors? So that is the threat side.    On the cost side, we need to think of ways to reduce the cost of dealing with a security breach, not only for companies but also for consumers. So we are seeing this in a couple of different areas. One step in place is the tokenization of payment card system data where you replace a credit card number with a string of numbers in its place. A second step would be eliminating the value of the social security number to identity thieves. I recommend reading the Electronic Privacy Information Center suggestions on effective social security legislation for some policy changes.    In brief, defenders win when they stop intruders from achieving their objective. It is ideal to stop the adversary from entering the network, but that goal is increasingly difficult. I recommend you quickly detect the intrusion, respond to contain the adversary, and then kick them out.    And finally, we must appreciate that the time to find and remove intruders is now. There is no point in planning for future theoretical breaches. If you were to hire me to be your chief security officer, the very first step I would take would be to hunt for intruders already in the network.    I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Bejtlich. Sir, just briefly, I could give you a tactical answer. The iPhone is an example of a more secure technology that people love, and the reason is is Apple has an App Store that it polices closely; it is very difficult to get something malicious in there. So when you look at vulnerabilities on phones, there is a fraction of what is on Android as compared to Apple because Android is much more open, Apple is more closed. Now, if you want to be able to run whatever you want on your iPhone, you lose that, but it is more secure.    At a more strategic level though, we have to realize that it does take effort for intruders to get their objectives done. It is not like a silver bullet attack where they press a button and the end of the world happens. We have seen intruders take days, weeks, even months, to get to the data that they need. So sometimes it is a question of your perspective as well.    Mr. Bejtlich. Sir, there is an opportunity here, and that is, with traditional security, you have been relying on a person to secure their computer. Someone who is not an expert, someone who is just a user. With a vendor, you have a centralized place where you could apply some pressure of a variety of means to get them to have their act together as far as, for example, securing my refrigerator. There is nothing I can really do to my refrigerator. It is not like my PC. So you can apply some pressure on the vendor to make sure that they have their act together.    Mr. Bejtlich. Yes, just given the Anthem hack alone, close to 80 million records including social security numbers. So you get to 100 million pretty quickly.    Mr. Bejtlich. I concur that that is not sufficient. I don't want to blame the victims in this case, but I was personally affected by the Anthem hack, as was my family, so the ability to recover from that doesn't exist in our system. It does exist for something like a credit card number. We have all had credit cards stolen and not suffered that much damage, but it is a whole other ballgame when you are dealing with social security numbers and other data.    Mr. Bejtlich. Well, I think the first thing is to go through an exercise that says what data exists, and what happens when that data is an intruder's hands, in a criminal's hands, what can be done with that data. And if there is no friction from having the data to opening a new line of credit, getting a mortgage, whatever it is, we need to introduce some friction there, whether it is some type of physical agreement that has to be passed through the mail, or something that makes it more difficult for the intruder, and allows the victim to know something is going on here and not just wait until you have gotten an adverse credit report.    Mr. Bejtlich. It is not my place to say what you should do, I believe, but I do think we need more industries thinking in terms of what happens to data post-breach, because I agree with your statement that we are either post-breach or pre-breach for most organizations.    Mr. Bejtlich. Some data, yes, of some type. As we have all heard, more of our data is out there.    Mr. Bejtlich. Ma'am, I am not an expert in the credit system, although my understanding of the current system is that that is not an easy proposition. I think we may need to look at something that would allow that to happen, for example, I have young children, there is no reason for them to have any credit taken out in their name until there is some type of formal approval.    Mr. Bejtlich. I do know that the act of credit monitoring, and this has come out through the disclosures that I have received as a victim of some of these cases, the act of trying to do credit monitoring, or to do a credit check for a child makes them more likely, or makes it easier for an intruder to use their identity. So that seems like a situation that needs to be changed.    Mr. Bejtlich. Sir, I tend to think in terms of the actor, so cyber is a vector and a target, but at the end of the day, there is someone behind it, whether we are talking about the Russians or someone else, and I think that is why DNI Clapper elevated the Russian threat as above the China threat right now. The Russian threat is seen as more acute. It is linked to geopolitical events. It could be seen as a potential response to activity that is going on in Ukraine, whereas the activity from China is more stealing secrets and it is more of a chronic issue. So I tend to think in terms of who is it that we worry about, and less the way that they are going to do it.    Mr. Bejtlich. I think insurance----    Mr. Bejtlich. Sorry, sir. I think insurance is also going to play a much greater role here. It is important to think in terms of--cyber is unique in some senses but in other cases it is not. So there are plenty of other real-world elements we can bring to bear on this, and insurance would be one of them. There is no reason for your small business to go out of business because of a hack if you can buy a policy that would help you recover from that.    Mr. Bejtlich. I would like to hear about the steps they take to protect data. Lots of times you hear, well, we can't talk about that because it will show too much to the adversary. I really don't believe that. I would like to know, for example, that my bank has an incident response team, that they exercise at regular intervals, they are staffed with these people that you may have heard of in the press. That, to me, would give me some comfort that they are taking that seriously.    Mr. Bejtlich. Bejtlich. Thank you.    Mr. Bejtlich. Right.    Mr. Bejtlich. Right. That is absolutely our number. That is based----    Mr. Bejtlich . On our consulting work from last year. It is down from the year before which--we are moving in the right direction, but 7 months is still way too high.    Mr. Bejtlich. Sure.    Mr. Bejtlich. I totally agree. The thing you should do as a small business is to say, first, what do we have that somebody else wants. That includes data as well as the money itself. I mean we have seen cases where ACH transfers of money just straight out the door and that is it, but it is also what data do we have, and what would be the consequences if that data were stolen. And then you have to go through the exercises of, well, how would that happen? Does it only take, say, an e-mail from the CEO that looks fake, that authorizes the money to be transferred out of our account. We have seen that happen as well. And once you figure out, OK, what do we have, what could happen to it, now you want to introduce friction into that system that would not make it easy for an intruder to carry that out. It could be something as simple as you have an email address, and if that single email is taken over by a bad guy, they could reset all your passwords, they could take over your bank account, so you want to make sure what are we doing to protect that.    A lot of this is just sort of thinking this through, just as you would estate planning or that sort of thing.    Mr. Bejtlich. Yes, sir. And I would add, talk to your bank and find out what can a bank do to tell you if something suspicious is happening. What is their policy, could they give you an alert of some kind, could you ask for a phone verification, an in-person verification. Put this friction in place so that it is not easy for a bad guy to steal all your money.    Mr. Bejtlich. That is right.    Mr. Bejtlich. Healthcare is definitely a target. They are not as well defended as the top tier. The top tier tends to be the defense companies and the financial sector. So yes, there is definitely an issue there.    Mr. Bejtlich. Yes, and one way, sir, we can measure that is how much does that sort of information sell for? You can get credit cards from $1 to $10, maybe a little bit more for an Amex or something like that, but if you are looking at a healthcare record with a social security number and such, you are looking at $300 perhaps. And so clearly, that information is more valuable.    Mr. Bejtlich. It is not something we spend a lot of time on at Mandiant FireEye, although there are Eastern European criminal groups that apparently want to trade in that. I don't know if they are trading it in in bulk or individually. There is some thought that they trade for that information because it is so durable. You can change your credit card, you can't change a social security number.    Mr. Bejtlich. That is not an area that we work, but I have heard of that, yes.    Mr. Bejtlich. And I would briefly like to encourage those companies to first look to see if there are intruders already in your network, and secondly, to have someone test to see how difficult it is for them to get into your network, and then act on the results.