    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Sheth, I have been out of the courtroom for a long time, and I think the whole world has changed since I was last there. I want to give you a chance to tell me how much of it has changed. Can you still waive your right to remain silent and confess, even to the most heinous of crimes?    Mr. Gowdy. Can you still waive your Fifth Amendment right and confess?    Mr. Gowdy. Can you still waive your right to a jury trial and plead guilty?    Mr. Gowdy. Can you still waive your right to a jury trial and have a bench trial?    Mr. Gowdy. Can you still waive your right to counsel and proceed pro se, no matter how stupid that may be?    Mr. Gowdy. Can you still waive your right to appeal for everything except ineffective assistance of counsel?    Mr. Gowdy. Can you still waive your right to appeal even in a capital case and expedite your own execution?    Mr. Gowdy. I am just wondering why you can't waive whatever property interest you may have in a piece of forfeited property. If you can do all of that, then you ought to be able to waive your right--I will let you think about that for a second because I want to go to the two district attorneys.    Mr. District Attorney, I will bet you did not go to law school and become a district attorney because you had an interest in being a revenue producer for your county or your State?    Mr. Gowdy. And the same would be true for Mr. Blanco. So what strikes me as a pretty easy remedy here--well, before we get to the remedy, Mr. Blanco, are you aware of any States that don't have asset forfeiture laws?    Mr. Gowdy. All right. And being the good lawyer that you are, you are sitting there wondering, well, if a State already has asset forfeiture laws, why are they coming to the Feds? What is it about the Federal system that makes it more attractive than pursuing your own State remedy?    So the remedy I would propose to the two of you all is I would get the Attorney General or the new Attorney General to sit down with the district attorneys. I would take the financial incentive out of it for district attorneys and law enforcement. I don't know a single cop or prosecutor that went into the business to be a revenue producer. Let the money go to the general fund.    If that is the hang-up, if that is the issue is that cops and prosecutors are somehow going to benefit financially from this forfeiture, then just take that away and send it to the general fund because I don't know a prosecutor or a cop that majored in business or economics. They don't want to be in that business.    But I do want to ask you, Mr. District Attorney, in Indiana, who provides the funding for your office?    Mr. Gowdy. And it is the exact same way in South Carolina. Now how many of your State laws are passed in the capital of Indiana? How many are passed by the State legislature?    Mr. Gowdy. All of them. Same in South Carolina. All the laws are passed in Columbia, but not all the funding comes from Columbia. So all the laws are passed at the State level in Indiana, but all your funding doesn't come from the State level.    Mr. Gowdy. So it strikes me that if you want to take the money out of prosecution and out of law enforcement, they should fully fund your office.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I am almost out of time. But there are two things that are going to kill us, and I am talking to you as a former DA, not as a fledgling Member of Congress.    The two things that are going to kill us is if we ever start trading prison time for asset forfeiture and if we are perceived as being more interested in the finances than the enforcement. So I would tell your State reps and my State reps fully fund your office and let you do your job and get you out of the revenue producing business.