    Mr. Stivers. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, Chairman Royce, and distinguished Members of Congress, thank you for the invitation to testify on the role of USAID in advancing secure property rights, which are fundamental to development not only in Southeast Asia but globally. It is an honor to be here today before the committee at Cal Poly Pomona, and it is also a pleasure to be here with my State Department colleague, James Carouso.    Land rights are not only an economic issue but a human rights issue. In countries around the world, the absence of secure property rights protected by an effective rule of law is a major constraint to poverty alleviation and security. In Southeast Asia, we know from our decades of work and public surveys that property rights are either at the top or among the top concerns of the people of this region.    Chairman Royce, in particular you have been a champion of this issue, challenging us at USAID to provide more effective assistance to those fighting for property rights. Thank you for your leadership.    Strengthening land rights is central to USAID's mission of ending extreme poverty and promoting resilient, democratic societies. Our activities are making a difference in the lives of many who have suffered injustices and are paving the way for generations yet to come.    When property rights are unclear, households are less likely to make long-term investments in their land, investments that can promote economic growth and prosperity and lift people out of poverty.    When there is unfair confiscation of land for large-scale commercial operations, it often results in damaging the environment, which further destabilizes rural communities.    When women do not have the right to own or access land, their families and communities suffer, because women with secure rights to land and resources tend to better invest in their children's nutrition and education and the future of their countries.    When accessible and effective mechanisms for resolving land disputes are absent, conflict can erupt that undermines peace and stability. We know that some of the oldest, most complicated conflicts in Southeast Asia are rooted in disputes over land.    For the purposes of the hearing today, I will provide brief overviews of the land tenure challenges and our initiatives in the Philippines and Cambodia. But, of course, I am open to answering questions about other countries in the region.    In the Philippines, the U.S. Government's Partnership for Growth has supported collaboration with the Government of the Philippines to address the country's most serious constraints to inclusive and lasting growth. Protecting land rights is absolutely key to that effort.    The results of a recent USAID assessment of key constraints to secure property rights identified the challenges of overlapping mandates and lack of coordination between government institutions working on land issues; a low percentage of land parcels that are formally registered, estimated at only 50 percent due to the high cost and lengthy property registration processes; and delay and the high cost of court cases has caused a large backlog of all types. For example, 90 percent of the cases, of which 17 percent were land disputes, handled by the Supreme Court in 2012 took more than 20 years to make their way through the system.    In response to these challenges, USAID has been leading the way. Some of our current projects in the Philippines include, first, the JUSTICE Project, and this provides technical assistance to help improve the efficiency and predictability of the adjudication of court cases. In the largest court district in the country, which handles an estimated 15 percent of all court cases in the country, the median processing time has been reduced by between 60 and 78 percent in the last few years.    We have introduced automated case management, which wasn't there before, docket decongestion and streamlined litigation procedures.    What remains to be done is to scale up these interventions out of just this one district in order to have a broader impact on delay and congestion. We are now in the process of expanding this project to eight additional urban areas and hope to expand it even more in future years.    Second, we have the COMPETE Project, which promotes economic growth in a variety of ways, including providing technical assistance for government agencies to enhance land tenure and access rights. Through this project, we supported the implementation of the Residential Free Patent Act, which was passed by the Philippine Government, which streamlines the process for obtaining residential land titles outside the lengthy court process, and it also helps facilitate the process of using these titles as collateral to obtain loans. Our support has helped establish a public land titling program that during its first year increased the number of residential titles issued from 5,000 to 65,000 per year.    Third, through our Rebuild Project, we have helped restore approximately 250,000 land ownership records damaged or destroyed by Typhoon Haiyan.    And last, moving forward, I am pleased to formally and officially announce the launch of our new SURGE Project, which stands for Strengthening Urban Resilience for Growth and Equity, that will promote land rights in the Philippines. This project has been in the design phase, but today we are obligating $10.6 million in the first year of a 5-year, $48 million program subject to the availability of funds in future years. This includes helping targeted cities at the local level, as Chairman Royce emphasized, with land use planning and zoning, improving land management information in coordination at the local level, and strengthening the capacity of land management offices to secure land and access rights.    This committee's counsel, and particularly the leadership of Chairman Royce, has been integral in shaping the activities under the SURGE Project. I am proud of the work that we have done together with this committee, former Administrator of USAID Rod Shaw, who was here in January to speak about this issue, the Asia Bureau in Washington, and our mission in the Philippines. I think this is an excellent example of how the constituents and the community can forward issues to Members of Congress who take a leadership role in the issue, work with the administration to produce real outcomes to try to improve a system that needs a lot of improvement.    I look forward to further engaging with this committee as we get SURGE off the ground in the coming months.    Mr. Stivers. In Cambodia, the state retains broad powers to acquire land, including for large infrastructure and private forestry and agriculture, which undermines individual property rights and attracts irresponsible investment. Property rights in Cambodia are further complicated by a weak rule of law, which enables existing legislation to be circumvented, particularly in cases that involve rich and influential individuals or companies, which leads to conflict and forced displacement in Cambodia.    USAID is focusing on empowering the reformers in Cambodia through support for civil society and support for indigenous peoples involved in land disputes. Some examples include an organization which we provide funding for whose advocacy resulted in the government returning land to 747 families just a few months ago. The Prey Lang Community Network, which is a group of indigenous communities advocating for the protection of the largest remaining lowland evergreen forest in Southeast Asia, we provided support to secure communal land titles and helped them earn income from a variety of non-timber forest products. We helped improve forest monitoring through extensive mapping, data collection and community patrolling, and this effort has improved monitoring and reporting of land rights violations and environmental degradation.    And for the first time in Cambodia's history, the government now formally recognizes the rights of indigenous communities through the issuance of communal land titles, an historic benchmark that USAID supported. We also supported a local NGO Open Institute in the development of a cell phone application that gives one minority group first-time access to nearly 70 articles of Cambodian land law in their native unwritten language which helps them better understand their legal rights relating to land ownership.    Mr. Chairman, at USAID, advancing secure land rights is at the core of our mission and a key part of our work across sectors. Secure land rights protected by an effective rule of law are necessary for both democratic governance and inclusive economic growth that helps lift the world's most vulnerable people out of poverty and engender more resilient societies.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to your counsel and questions.    Mr. Stivers. Well, I think that in terms of that question, the issue of land rights is central to that in terms of helping farmers. We know the constraints to farmers in terms of being more productive and accessing their lands. Access to credit, prohibition of land sales, especially in the Philippines, are issues that need to be addressed in order to realize the full potential of our reform programs. Connecting rural areas to urban areas is a key part of our SURGE Program, for example. But if you don't have respect for land rights, it is hard for farmers to realize their full economic potential in a country.    Mr. Stivers. In terms of overall, I think the World Bank estimates that about 50 percent of the land in the Philippines is for private use. I'm sorry, 47 percent for private use and about 50 percent for public use. But 50 percent of that----    Mr. Stivers. For public use, yes. I should say 47 percent is private. Now, the problem with that statistic is that 50 percent of land parcels are registered, so it is hard to know the specifics of those kinds of statistics. But that is from the World Bank.    Mr. Stivers. In terms of cultural programming in the Philippines, USAID doesn't have actual agricultural programs in the Philippines outside of some work that we do. But certainly the lack of land rights poses challenges to farmers there, as I mentioned in response to Chairman Salmon's question.    Mr. Stivers. No, I don't know how to answer that question.    Mr. Stivers. Well, I think the first thing we can do as we move forward with this new SURGE Program, which I think is absolutely essential in terms of working with local communities, local governments in terms of making the system more efficient, our approach really has been a holistic approach which is focused on the judiciary and the administrative issues in terms of land titling, focusing on constraints to economic growth more generally, and then resilience to natural disasters. I think between that approach, in addition to tackling corruption, of course, which is a major issue, is the way to move forward.    In terms of the courts, it is making the court system more efficient. It is challenging, but the court system is the way to resolve land disputes, and that is the appropriate way, and we need to help the Philippines make that system work better, and that is what we are doing with our JUSTICE Act.    Administratively, trying to make sure that the government and the local governments have the capacity to respond to land disputes, issue land titles so that people can have their land registered appropriately. It is a lot of technical assistance, which is what USAID is best at in terms of how to, how do we do this, and I think that is where we have a comparative advantage over other countries especially and we can make a difference.    Funding is always a consideration in terms of how much we can provide. We can work in one court system, but as the people in this room know full well, the challenge is so great and we have so much that we can do, but the best we can do is take our small projects and try to expand them the best we can.    Mr. Stivers. I would say that in terms of--there is a great need in Southeast Asia on this issue, a great need in all the countries that USAID works in in Southeast Asia--Timor-Leste, Indonesia. Burma surely has huge land rights issues and land-grabbing issues.    We have focused on the countries where we believe we can make the most difference, the Philippines number one. But I think there is a great need to try to expand to other countries because this is almost the number-one concern over all other issues in many countries, and we see that from public surveys. So we would like to do more, yes, in other countries.    Mr. Stivers. Well, thank you. It was about 1 year ago, actually today, that we sent a scoping mission out to the Antipolo region to look at the cases there and see if they were reflective of the broader challenges to get a better sense of the challenges faced in that region and how to make our assistance more effective in terms of tackling these issues.    The findings revealed that there is unresolved rival property claims, growing private real estate investment in that area, and institutional gaps in land administration at the local level. Some of the challenges I mentioned in my testimony. Overall, it is reflective of what is going on in the country, frankly.    Overall, overlapping mandates and lack of coordination between government institutions; the fact that only 50 percent of land parcels in the country are registered; and delay and the high cost of court cases. I think USAID is taking the right approach in terms of trying to address this issue as holistically as possible in terms of trying to make the courts more efficient, trying to promote economic growth and government administration, and dealing with the issues that you mentioned in relation to displacement from Typhoon Haiyan.    Thank you for providing the leadership in order to give USAID the space to move forward on these issues in a very difficult budget environment that we have.    Mr. Stivers. And if I could just answer also, the umbrella of all of our work in the Philippines is under something we call the Partnership for Growth. In 2011 we entered this agreement with the Philippines Government to address the binding constraints to economic growth and development. It is only in four countries that we have this worldwide, and it is those key countries that we hope to be the next generation of the emerging markets where we can kind of tackle the governance issues, plus the economic growth competitiveness issues and combine them together under a plan and a rubric.    Since that time we have seen real GDP growth average almost 7 percent since that agreement. As you mentioned, the world competitiveness rankings have increased, although not high enough, of course. But the world's leading credit agencies have upgraded Philippines sovereign credit ratings.    There has been a lot of success. Land rights, of course, is key to making this work. But in terms of a strong ally in the region, in terms of the Philippines, trying to help the Philippine Government have a better rule of law, a stronger rule of law to improve their competitiveness and economic growth is kind of under the umbrella of Partnership for Growth, and we have seen some success, not enough. We have to do a lot more to help them.    Mr. Stivers. Well, I would suggest our COMPETE Program that I mentioned in my testimony. But I think in terms of moving forward, the SURGE Program that I mentioned, which we are launching now, is going to have a real focus on the population centers outside of the Manila metro area which have not experienced the same economic growth as the Manila area. So focusing on those issues, connecting some of the rural to urban areas, and working on the land titling and land rights issues are key to that. That is what we think will make some progress moving forward.    Mr. Stivers. The rule of law and human rights are the major focus of our policy in Cambodia and a serious, serious concern. We believe that it is less an issue of the law, what the law says, because the laws are actually not bad in terms of how they are written, but in the implementation and practice of those laws. So that is where we are focused in terms of trying to empower the reformers and a lot of these civil society organizations who are pushing for real change in terms of their individual land disputes, their group land disputes, and they have had a strengthened voice over the years.    So we believe that is the right way to focus our assistance in Cambodia.    Mr. Stivers. We provide foreign assistance to the people of Vietnam in a number of sectors. We do not provide any assistance to the government. We do health work in Vietnam, yes, and some other sectors. In terms of rule of law and things of that sort, yes.    Mr. Stivers. The USAID, in Fiscal Year 2014, it was $95 million, total, of which half of it was health and fighting infectious diseases.    Mr. Stivers. Yes, PEPFAR----    Mr. Stivers. We provided, in Fiscal Year 2014, $66 million, of which about half of that was in the health sector also.    Mr. Stivers. And about $20 million of that was in democracy and government, empowering the reformers, those sorts of issues.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you.