    Mr. Langevin. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank our witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to hearing your testimony, and, as always, I thank you for the work you are doing on behalf of our country. Thank you all for your service.    The 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review stated that, and I quote, ``The importance of cyberspace to the American way of life and to the Nation's security makes cyberspace an attractive target for those seeking to challenge our security and economic order,'' end quote. I could not agree more. Last year the Director of National Intelligence placed cyber threats number one on the list of strategic threats to the United States.    Most recently, the National Security Strategy cites the danger of destruction and even destructive cyber attack is growing. The cyber domain is complex. We all understand that. Threats in this space continuously evolve based on emerging technologies and techniques to counter our efforts. Threats are carried out by a diverse set of actors. Securing, defending, and operating freely in this space presents a nontraditional challenge requiring an immediate but thoughtful response.    Since the creation of U.S. Cyber Command, the Department has made substantial strides in understanding and enabling freedom of action in the cyber domain, as well as understanding and protecting Department of Defense networks. Significant investments have been made. In fact, cyberspace is the only area of growth in the Department of Defense's budget in the last few years. I commend the Department's efforts, and I am proud of what has been achieved so far, yet there is still much to be done. Confronting this challenge will continue to require dialogue between the Department and Congress on the policies, capabilities, and other resources needed to appropriately and successfully operate in the cyber domain. That is why this hearing is so important.    Together we can build and maintain a ready cyber force for the Nation. I look forward to receiving an update from the witnesses on the buildout of our cyber capacity and the fiscal year 2016 budget request. I hope the services will provide us an understanding of total force requirements for cyber operations, both service-specific and for the U.S. Cyber Command to enable the subcommittee to better understand all resources needed and provide for a ready force.    Specifically, I am eager to hear about how the services are recruiting and retaining qualified military and civilian personnel, managing cyber as a career field, and any challenges associated with those fields. I look forward to hearing how the services are incorporating the Reserve Components into the cyber mission forces. Additionally, I would like to understand how science and technology investments are being leveraged now and in the future to deliver the latest and best capabilities.    I would also like the witnesses' perspective on whether the current acquisition process delivers tools in time to meet and stay ahead of the threat, which as we know as technology changes so quickly, that is a significant challenge on our hands. So there is much to discuss on this issue, and in order to allow for dialogue, I am going to end my remarks here.    And again I want to thank our witnesses for appearing before the subcommittee and to you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing, and I yield back.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you, Mr. Langevin.    Before we begin, I would like to remind our witnesses that your written statements will be submitted for the record, so we ask that you summarize your comments to 5 minutes or less.    Admiral Rogers, we begin with you.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, thanks to all of our witnesses. Admiral Rogers, I would like to start with you if I could, on your perspective on initiatives become more and more acute in recent years. I don't think anyone would argue that we as a Nation have developed and continue to develop some exquisite capabilities in cyberspace. It is without question.    However, I am concerned that we are developing capabilities faster than we develop the doctrine and policy that guides their use. And, we all would agree that cyber operations obviously are critical to how we operate now and in the future, but there appears to be a real need for greater definition of legal structures for cyber activities and operations in defense of the Nation.    And there appears to even more of a gray area around support of civil authorities when it is not under a Title 10 construct with a Title 32, 50, 18 or 5 drill status, or how we utilize our Reserve Components and many of the ways that our service men and women can interface outside the DOD.    So my question for you, can you speak to your command's efforts to work through these policy challenges?    Mr. Langevin. Well, thank you. I hope we can continue to work through those things. And that is something that I want to pay particular close attention to. So thank you for where we are right now, and I look forward to continuing this dialogue.    Cybersecurity obviously is an incredibly important field, but it also has lots of synergies with other areas of DOD activities, SIGINT , electronic warfare , information operations, and many more.    General, if I could ask you, I know the Army has recognized this in particular with their doctrinal recognition of the merging of cyber and EW, and certainly the Navy's Information Dominance community is in this as well, as our Navy witnesses know quite personally.    So my question is, are the interactions between cyber and these communities clear or ad hoc, and how do training, manning, and equipping get balanced across these synergistic investments? Are we building cyber in concert with or on the shoulders of these other communities?    General Cardon. In this case we have doctrine, we call it CEMA, cyber electromagnetic capabilities. And we built these organizations into our Army service component commands, corps, divisions, and brigades.    Now, the capabilities to deliver all that don't fully exist yet, because we have recognized this convergence. But, for example, we already have experiences using this in some of the war zones, former war zones, such as Iraq, where you had CREW devices to protect against IEDs , tactical SIGINT forces. And it is really how do you organize these in time and space to accomplish a specific mission?    So we are trying to harness what we have learned in Iraq and Afghanistan, and what we are learning today and bring that forward. I think this is a journey, and we still have a lot of work to do on what are the additional capabilities we need at those levels.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you very much, Mr. Langevin.    We now proceed to Navy SEAL veteran, Congressman Ryan Zinke of Montana.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, again, thanks to our witnesses.    I have got a couple of questions. I am hoping to get to at least a couple of them. I can't get through all of them. So I am going to go as quickly as I can.    But going back to, if I could, retaining and recruiting qualified military and civilian personnel, obviously, it is critical to addressing the threat.    So my question is: What challenges do you face in recruitment and retention? And, more specifically, how are these challenges being addressed? Are special authorities needed?    For example, are enlistment bonuses, civilian hiring authorities, required to address shortfalls in recruitment and retention? And what incentives or methods have been used so far effectively to recruit and retain?    Mr. Langevin. How is that going so far on the retention side, just broadly.    General Cardon. Well, we are headed into our first big bow wave because we started this about 3, 4 years ago and they are entering into the first window. I would say right now it is still unknown.    But a few indicators gave us the idea that we have to manage this as a separate branch, because before we did not count cyber. You were part of another branch and you were selected for promotion or leader development opportunities based on your expertise on that branch, not in cyber. Now you will do this with a cyber focus.    We have also recognized we need this same thing for our civilian workforce. For the civilian workforce, there is no cyber portion of this. So to advance in those, you have to advance where you were hired into as opposed to a cyber focus. So we think those will really help. We have the right tools with bonuses and all that right now to offer them, and the Army is very aggressive on this at this time.    Mr. Langevin. I am going to hold the--General O'Donohue and General Wilson, if you can perhaps respond in writing, especially if there is something different that you are experiencing. But I wanted to get to the acquisition part.    Mr. Langevin. Let me ask: Is the current acquisition model adaptive and flexible enough to support cyber technology innovation and rapid utilization of cyberspace capabilities? As you may know, the committee is working on acquisition reform right now. And do you have recommendations on how to ensure the process allows for innovation and rapid acquisition capabilities?    My other question, which you probably won't be able to get to, is going to be for Admiral Rogers. Are you reviewing allocation of resources in terms of--to meet the combatant commanders' requirements? How do you allocate the resources you need for these Cyber Mission Teams? So we can probably do that one for the record. But on acquisition.    Mr. Langevin. We are going through acquisition reform right now, and now would be a good time to help us to get this right.    I know my time has expired.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you, Mr. Langevin.    And we will proceed now to Congressman Ryan Zinke.