    Mr. REICHERT. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And congratulations on your new chairmanship and your first hearing. Thank you to the witnesses for being here today, and especially, thank you for all the work that you do to help those in need in trying to find employment, and bring their families to a place where they can hope and have hope for the future, for their children and for their families. Mr. Brame, thank you for sharing the story of Amy.    I think that each one of us on the dais and each of you have a story to share too, I'm sure. We all do. Sometimes I share mine. And I notice there's some young people in the back of the room, seated behind you, listening to the testimony, which is encouraging today, for all of you to be here and listen to how Congress works or maybe doesn't work.    We're trying today. And just for your information, I look like I've been here 40 years, but I've only been here 12. Well, 11 and a half. I was a police officer, sheriff's deputy, for 33 years, in Seattle Washington, Kent County Sheriff's. Oldest of seven kids. And I've seen everything you could see, possibly see, in my 33 years in law enforcement. And I really get what you're talking about today as far as employment and helping those people who are on the street, or in between on the street and getting a job, or getting job and moving on and upward.    You know, we had a witness in here not too long ago who was a front line employee. New terminology for the young people. That's a new employee, front line employee for Goodwill, who now is a manager there. And all due to someone taking her in, giving her opportunities, training and education.    I recently had the chance to visit Van Doren Sales, and it's in East Wanache. Some people say ``Win-a-chee.'' But it's East Wanache, Washington State. It's a small town in the central part of the state. And they're a family-owned company with about 136 employees, that design and build fruit and fruit container handling equipment. Their company motto is ``Quality Pays.'' But one thing that they know for sure is, the number one resource in their business is what, people. And they take care of their people through training and education and OJT, on the job training.    And they have seen, of course, a rise in their productivity. Happier community. They participate in the community. All those things that you have all talked about. And I just wanted to turn really quickly to Ms. Doucet and just have you talk a little bit more about identifying talent internally and the returns on your investments when you do that. Not only the financial piece, but the human investment.    Mr. REICHERT. Well, thank you for your hard work. And I hope that continues too. And Ms. Larrea, could you also expand on your idea of how that all works together? When you give those opportunities to people, what's the returned resources, the human resource? We get the financial peace, but in providing that opportunity for families?    Mr. REICHERT. Good.    Mr. REICHERT. Right.    Mr. REICHERT. I yield back. Thank you.