    Mr. Roessel. Thank you. We just completed the JOM count for 2014. We are in the process of going out for consultation to tribes on JOM issues and a notice for the consultation has been published in the Federal Register. We are looking at two different things. One is, we have the count to talk about it: we have some discrepancies there. A lot of new contractors have submitted a count and some tribes or school districts did not submit a count. Trying to figure out why they did that and why they did not do that, is one of the issues that we are faced with.    The other issue is how we distribute the JOM funds. That is part of the consultation process. Rather than make that decision ourselves, we want to go out to consultation and hear from the tribes and the schools on what is the best way to distribute those funds once we have them.    In terms of the Census and JOM, one of the issues is that in the census in prior years race was self-identified. With tribes, there is a definition of who is an Indian. So there are two different criteria that are used. And so again, we want to take that question out to consultation and hear from tribes because there are a lot of definitions out there of who is an enrolled member. We are doing the consultations in April so we are moving on it quickly right now.    Mr. Roessel. Thank you for the question. The BIE has the responsibility of approving educational space, and then the Division of Facility Management and Construction approves, the mechanical space: how much for HVAC systems and things like that. Actually, the total amount that is above the square footage in the plans is 9,206 square feet. It is not 5,000. Five thousand is just going to educational programs that you talked about, expanding the gyms, the jobs for Maine program and things like that. Our office has approved 52 percent of that 5,000 space. So we have actually not said no to it but we have been trying to go back and forth.    We have space guidelines, and the purpose of those guidelines is that one point BIE and BIA were accused of building buildings too large for our Indian school student counts, that there were vacant classrooms and things like that. So these guidelines are to help us say, here is the standard, for this many students. So that is in place and what we are going by. It is not an arbitrary number that we have. These are space guidelines that actually are aligned with the standards out there. We looked at different states that have guidelines and said okay, that state is kind of like our schools and we pick and choose from those states to create these guidelines. Based on that, we now have these guidelines to ensure we do not build schools too big.    The space that we approve following space guidelines is what we can fund for operations and maintenance. Otherwise we would just build these really big schools that people want but there is no justification.    Nonetheless, we have agreed to over 52 percent of their request. I think right now that a letter has been drafted and we have worked with the school and the tribe. We met with the tribe. The tribal president came and met with my staff a couple weeks ago. We talked about this. I actually was on the trip with the Secretary so----    Mr. Roessel. I was not able to be there but the staff was there. We are in the process now of notifying the school with our determination. The plan at this point is to allow the school, if they wanted to have something larger, they can do it through value engineering or they can do it through an alternate. So if they wanted to have a separate building or separate classroom that is above and beyond the determination, then they can do that and they can build it on top of what is allocated. The plans that we have were built and created based on the square foot amount generated by the space guidelines. Anything above that has to be negotiated.    My responsibility is just for the educational space. The mechanical space is about 4,000 square feet, and that is something that the Division of Facilities Management and Construction would take care of. So we have now come to that final decision. The school should be notified, we are hoping, in the next few days in terms of that decision being made and they can begin the design process after that.    Mr. Roessel. If they are able to, for example, through their negotiations with their contractors get a really good price and build the extra space, they are allowed to do that. But this 9,200 square feet actually comes out to about $2.6 million above and beyond what was allocated and funded.    Mr. Roessel. That is a decision that they would have to make and figure out how they would handle the operation and the maintenance but it would not say--we would not say you cannot do anything.    Mr. Roessel. Thank you for that question.    Mr. Roessel. No, I understand. It is something that we take very seriously in the operation of our schools and also in the areas where we operate these schools. They are in very remote locations. They are in areas like Moencopi. They are in areas like Flander, all across this country.    Specifically, what do we have in the budget? I think I would take a different approach. I think it is a collective approach that we are looking at. We need to try to improve the overall accountability of the BIE, and by doing that, it is not focusing just on safety but it is focused on accountability in its totality.    Over the past few years, we have had a drop in employees within our system. We need to turn that around and get people working in these different areas that have the responsibility of overseeing safety measures happening in schools.    I know when I was a superintendent of schools, we used to have the education line officer who was in charge and would come out and ensure that we had our continuity of operations plan, and that we had our fire drills and all of those things. Because there are not the same number of employees there anymore, planning has lapsed, so we are trying to get back to that, ensuring the accountability.    The other thing, too, is defining roles and responsibilities. One of the problems that we have out in Indian Country is that we have everyone doing a lot of different jobs. Defining those roles and responsibilities as part of this blueprint for reform is actually going to help in the areas of safety as well as in the areas of finance, curriculum, and instruction. We are really trying to redefine what those roles and responsibilities are, clarify those roles and responsibilities and then hold people accountable. So a specific point in the budget, I cannot do that, but in its totality, we can do that, and that is what the blueprint for reform is: trying to maintain and create greater accountability measures throughout the entire system.    Mr. Roessel. We are prioritizing, and the implementation plan will help us do this in phases, and we are positive we will get it done.