    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank everyone for being here.    I think we can all agree that one of the primary or the primary responsibility of government is to keep American families safe. And I think we can also probably agree that for all kinds of reasons, we are losing the war on terror. Now, we can turn this around. We all know we can do that and one of the key things to do that is in fact make sure we choke off the funding that goes to terrorist organizations, which is in part what this is all about.    Now, we also all know that a stable government--whatever type of system it is--promotes a stable economy and when you have both that are stable you have more opportunity, better lives, better jobs, better futures. And that in itself promotes more stability and less likelihood to embrace terrorist organizations.    Now, Mr. Cassala, I would like you to talk a little bit if you can, please, about what spots around the world you have seen where in particular the activity of stealing goods, selling them cheaply in order to provide funding for terrorist organizations, is starting to or has destabilized local economies and therefore local governments, and therefore breeding grounds for terrorist activities that can keep our families in jeopardy?    Mr. Poliquin. Sure. So Mr. Cassara, let's drill down a little bit more on that if we can. Is there a way that we can use the data that is available to us through all the good work that is done in the non-profit sector, the private sector, and various governments around the world, to identify or give a head's up to countries who may in fact be susceptible to this sort of activity that would destabilize their economies and therefore their governments, and therefore invite terrorist activity?    Is there a way we can identify the types of products or goods and services that they should be on the lookout for because of the inherent nature of the country itself or the existing economies? Is there a way we can mine the data to give them a head's-up so we can work with them?    Mr. Poliquin. Dr. Passas, you were about to try and--    Mr. Poliquin. Say that again?    Mr. Poliquin. Who would be the entity that in fact would perform that function, to the best of your knowledge?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Thank you very much, gentlemen. I really appreciate this. We need to learn as much as we can to stop this and keep our families safe.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back my time.