    Mr. Castro. Thank you. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee, I appreciate the chance to discuss the opportunity Congress has to modernize the FTC, so that it better protects consumers from harm while minimizing regulatory cost and better enabling robust innovation in the U.S. economy.    The FTC's actions send important signals to the private sector about how it should allocate its resources to comply with federal regulations. Ideally, these signals should encourage business to take actions that protect consumers, discourage actions that harm consumers, and not interfere with the private sector risk-taking that underpins innovation. Unfortunately, that is not always the case. Let me provide two examples.    In 2014, the FTC entered a consent decree with Apple over complaint that the company had charged consumers millions of dollars for charges incurred by children without their parents' consent. The key fact in this case was that Apple did not inform customers that, once they enter their password, they opened a 15-minute window during which further charges could be made without additional verification from the account-holder. As part of the consent decree, Apple agreed to stop this practice.    However, for many users, not having to enter their password repeatedly was a convenient feature, not a bug. After all, only a tiny fraction of Apple's customers are children making purchases without their parents' permission. Thus, on balance, it is unlikely that there is even a net harm. It is even possible that the FTC's actions made consumers worse off, since users who are forced to enter their password too frequently may choose to use simpler and, thus, weaker passwords, and thereby increase their risk of a data breach.    These types of unintended consequences happen when government is put in charge of product design. My fellow panelists ask how consent decrees impact innovation. This is exactly how it does it.    As a second example, consider the FTC's case against Nomi. Nomi ran into trouble because it misstated in its privacy policy that customers had the option to opt out of its in-store retail analytic service at its partners' stores. To be clear, the FTC did not object to the tracking itself and the company was under no obligation to provide this additional opt-out feature. Moreover, the FTC could not find any evidence that a single consumer actually suffered any harm. Therefore, the FTC ultimately chose to use its regulatory authority to take action against the company for what was possibly a lawyer's mistake in drafting Nomi's privacy policy, despite no evidence that any consumers were actually harmed.    By formally taking action when there is no injury to consumers, the FTC has signaled to companies that they should spend more time on corporate lawyers and less time delivering value to consumers, including through developing privacy- and security-enhancing technologies. After all, companies like Nomi would be better off providing no privacy guarantees to their consumers, so they will not fall victim to ``gotcha''-style regulatory enforcement actions. Rather than bringing a case and settlement against Nomi, the FTC should have shown some regulatory restraint by simply notifying the company of the problem and verifying that it had been corrected.    There are a number of changes that Congress should make to the FTC, so as to avoid these types of perverse outcomes and unintended consequences. First, the FTC should not take enforcement actions against companies for acts or practices unless the FTC can show substantial injury that is more than trivial or merely speculative. Instead, the FTC should focus its resources on cases where there is a direct and tangible consumer harm. Doing so will incentivize companies to prioritize internal actions that can actually prevent consumer injury.    Second, the FTC should publicly disclose when it decides to not pursue an investigation. This information would help the private sector better understand how the FTC is enforcing its policies and allow businesses to better comply with the law.    Third, the FTC should stop its practice of using 20-year terms for its consent decrees. By almost any standard, this is an extraordinary amount of time. Most states do not even require sex offenders to register for this long. And there does not appear to be any legitimate reason for this length. This is a waste of time and money for all parties and an avenue for backdoor rulemaking.    Finally, when making policy recommendations, the FTC tends to focus disproportionately on speculative harms while ignoring the tangible benefits for both consumers and businesses and the cost of overly-restrictive regulations. The FTC should only make evidence-based policy recommendations that include a cost/benefit analysis.    If Congress does not address the FTC's approach to consumer protection, compliance may become either a check-the-box activity or, worse, interfere with business practices that would make consumers better off and increase innovation in the U.S. economy.    Thank you for the opportunity to share with you my thoughts on how to transform the FTC into a more modern, innovation-friendly regulatory agency. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Castro. I think this is a very important proposal because, when we look at the types of Commissioners that we want, we want those that are very engaged with each other, that are able to collaborate and work through problems, that are constantly in communication. The digital age that we live in, that is how you do business.    This bill is so important because it really gets to that fundamental problem that is arising, obviously, right now. It arises in situations, as my colleague just mentioned, when Commissioners recuse themselves. And it will certainly arise in the future when there are vacancies.    And so, this is the kind of issue where we want to fix it now because we expect the FTC to be fast and responsive and able to deal with problems as they arise, and you can't do that if you can't talk among leadership. And so, this will, I think, move us in that right direction while still preserving the goals of the Sunshine Act, so we are not losing those opportunities.    Mr. Castro. So, I believe there shouldn't be. I believe what we are seeing is that there are a number of avenues aside from official rulemaking where the FTC is making policy through its guidelines, through its consent orders.    As I said in my statement, these are the signals that industry is interpreting about what they should do, and they matter as much as any formal rules they create. The problem is, when you don't go through these formal rulemaking processes, I think we subvert the democratic processes that we intended to create.    And so, if we want to have effective rules, if we want to have full participation and an open, transparent process to do it, we need to have a process that we all agree is the right process. And so, that is why I think it is bad for innovation, it is bad for consumers if we are using these other avenues to create these rules.