    Dr. Fauci. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member DeGette, members of the committee, I appreciate the opportunity to discuss with you today very briefly the role of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in research addressing both seasonal and pandemic influenza.    As shown on this slide, the NIH research agenda is really based on the traditional approach that the NIH has taken with all diseases; namely, fundamental basic research, clinical research, and field research, the provision of research resources both to the academic community, as well as to the biotech and pharmaceutical companies. The endgame is to ultimately produce interventions in the form of diagnostics, therapeutics, and vaccines. You have heard about the diagnostics and therapeutics. We can talk about them a little bit later. I want to focus the remainder of my remarks on a subject of obvious importance; namely, the development of influenza vaccines.    Traditionally, the classic what we call platforms, or the way you develop the vaccine, have been based on growing the virus itself either in eggs, which is somewhat cumbersome, or more recently using it in cell lines, which are a bit more predictable. You either have a live attenuated vaccine or an inactivated vaccine, and that has been the traditional approach towards vaccines. It is cumbersome, it takes a long period of time because you have to grow the virus.    Our researchers, both at the NIH and our grantees and contractors, over the last several years have been attempting, with some success, to make a conversion to what we call a recombinant DNA technology, molecular-based approach that would obviate the need to actually continue to grow the virus to make a vaccine. Several of these are illustrated on this slide. We don't have time to go into each and every one of them, but they are particularly suited to develop a vaccine that we are all hoping for, and that Dr. Burgess mentioned in his 5-minute remarks, and that is a universal influenza vaccine.    This is the cover of a Nature Medicine article that I wrote with my colleague, Dr. Gary Nabel, the former director of the Vaccine Research Center, namely, how we can induce what I called unnatural immunity; namely, immunity that a normal vaccine induction or the virus itself doesn't induce, and that is broad protection against subsequent exposures to different types of influenzas that have a tendency to drift over a period of years, and sometimes to even shift, which gives us a pandemic.    Now, the reason we can do this, and I just want to point out on this slide, on the lower right is a blown-up schematic of the influenza virus. The proteins that coat the outside are referred to as hemagglutinin, and that is where we get the H for H3, H2, or H1. It is a designation of a major protein. The other one is N for neuraminidase. But notice how those proteins are clustered on the surface of the virus, so that what the immune system sees generally is just the top, what we refer to as the head or the bulb of that protein.    If you look at this slide, that head is where most of the antibodies that protect you and me against influenza are made. That is the good news. The sobering news is that is a variable region, which tends to change as influenzas drift from season to season and change an awful lot when it goes to a pandemic.    If you look at the little stem, the thin part of that protein, that the immune system doesn't see very well, interestingly, we found out several years ago that that is the part--that is what we called highly conserved. It doesn't change from necessarily a Texas H3N2 to a different type, a Singapore or a variety of others. They stay the same, which means that if you can induce an immune response against that unchangeable one, you might be able to get what we call a broader reactivity.    And over the last several years, we have made considerable progress as shown on this slide here, where a number of candidates have used molecular techniques to essentially show the body predominantly the part of that protein that doesn't change. And there are a number of ways of doing that. Instead of giving the body the entire virus, either killed or attenuated, by molecular techniques, you show the body only the part that you want it to respond to, unencumbered by the physical structures that don't allow the body to see it. And we now have done this in several candidates--in mice, in ferrets, and what we call phase one studies in humans--which means we know it is safe, we know it can induce the kind of response that is more broad. In collaboration with BARDA, we are now starting to produce that to go into larger trials. And as Dr. Burgess said, we are not there yet, but we are clearly many steps further than what we were the last time I testified before this committee.    So I will stop there and be happy to answer any questions.    Dr. Fauci. Definitely.    Dr. Fauci. That is correct, Ms. DeGette. The important point is that we really think that anything that needs to grow the virus----    Dr. Fauci . And produce it just is a time sink. So that is the point that I made on the----    Dr. Fauci . Slide.    Dr. Fauci. Yes.    Dr. Fauci. Yes.    Dr. Fauci. Well, you know, it is going to really depend on, first of all, testing it in a season to show that even though you don't specifically have it against this particular strain, that it is covering that strain. So when you are trying to prove universality, you want to test it in a season in which it is a broader response. One of----    Dr. Fauci. Yes. One of----    Dr. Fauci. Well, we----    Dr. Fauci . Actually are going to try now, in collaboration with BARDA, to make enough of that new concept to be able to test it----    Dr. Fauci . In the following season.    Dr. Fauci. Following season.    Dr. Fauci. Well, I mean, obviously, you ask a scientist if they need resources, the answer is an automatic knee-jerk----    Dr. Fauci . Of course we can do better with more resources, but we actually need your continued support to keep the focus on the need for this, because when we do these tests, remember, we don't have control over the companies that make the contracts with the various----    Dr. Fauci . Health organizations that distribute this, but I think the focus that this committee has continually put on this has been very helpful to us.    Dr. Fauci. So I mentioned in my oral testimony a few moments ago that influenza viruses tend to change slightly. We call that a drift.    Dr. Fauci. Right.    Dr. Fauci. That is a little bit. Now, if it changes slightly, even if you don't get the vaccine match right, there is enough background immunity in the community against similar viruses that the vast majority of the population are not going to have a catastrophic outbreak where people would be completely unprotected.    Dr. Fauci. When you have an influenza that has what we call a shift, not a drift, that means major changes, so when you look at the general population, the overwhelming----    Dr. Fauci . Majority don't have any background protection. So it is almost as if you are totally naive to this new----    Dr. Fauci . Virus.    Dr. Fauci. Indeed. The bad news, it happened in 2009. The somewhat comforting news is that it wasn't a particularly virulent----    Dr. Fauci . Virus. So we----    Dr. Fauci . Were lucky.    Dr. Fauci. So another important point besides the fact that all of the issues, the advantages of this universal flu vaccine, namely, molecular biology rather than growing----    Dr. Fauci . The critical issue is if you--if we get it right, you could actually stockpile it.    Dr. Fauci. So we wouldn't have to worry about the chart that the chairman put up about it changing and trying to keep up with it----    Dr. Fauci . Because if you stockpile it, you could stockpile it the same way you stockpile polio vaccine, measles vaccine, et cetera. That is really the endgame.    Dr. Fauci. Same answer from Dr. Schuchat. There is no doubt, if you do a risk/benefit of the vaccine versus the disease, I think it is very, very clear that you have one of the most highly effective vaccines against any virus, and you have a highly contagious disease, measles, that can have serious complications, so to me it is really a slam dunk what the decision would be.    Dr. Fauci. Without a doubt, and I have done that with my three children.    Dr. Fauci. When President Ford essentially mandated through the department that there be massive vaccination for the 1976 influenza, that famous catastrophic event with the Guillain-Barre, but I don't think there has been official mandating about----    Dr. Fauci. Agree.    Dr. Fauci. Agree with my colleagues.    Dr. Fauci. Yes, that is another whole issue of antimicrobial resistance, which we have even discussed before this committee. So certainly, over the last year, there has been an extraordinary effort on the part of the Congress and the administration in everything from executive orders to 5-year plans to counter the kinds of practices that lead to antimicrobial resistance, and one of the most common, as I am sure you are aware, sir, is that someone comes in with a viral infection and they get an antibiotic. That is very, very common, unfortunately.    Dr. Fauci. OK. So the research on this vaccine, as I had mentioned, really starts off with the fundamental basic observation that a part of the protein that is the target of the vaccines that we have developed over decades is one that, unfortunately, has a component of it that tends to change from season to season. We refer to that as a drift. Big change is the shift. The part that doesn't change is the part that we have just recently recognized on the thin stem part of the protein that we now know that if you show it to the immune system in a certain way, and you can only do that by molecular biological techniques because, generally, when you show the immune system the whole virus, the part that you really wanted to make an immune response is crowded out and covered by the larger part. So now you are essentially teasing it out and showing the immune system just the part that you want to make a response again. And we have done that. We have done it with a number of different platforms, and we have shown now in a small animal, in a ferret, and now even in a human, that, A, it is feasible, B, it is safe, and C, it does induce the kind of response that you would predict would have a much broader effect.    So that is the real first solid step. We have to perfect that, and then we have to show in a broad study that it actually does protect against multiple strains.    Dr. Fauci. Not significantly faster. The cell-based is more consistent, whereas eggs, you know, it depends on supply of eggs, whereas you can keep growing up cells. I think that is a common misconception that there is a game-changing difference in the amount of time it takes. And the answer to that, and I am sure Robin will verify that, isn't the case. You both have to grow the virus, that is the problem, as opposed to in a recombinant DNA or molecular technology, be able to make it more quickly. So even though we welcomed the transition, and hope we even do more from egg to cell, the answer for the time frame itself is not going to be solved by cell-based technology.    Dr. Fauci. And that is what I just said when I was talking about changing from a need to grow the virus, to the ability to do it from a molecular way where you actually develop a vaccine by recombinant DNA technology, which doesn't require your having to grow the virus. That is really the major transformation from one platform to another.    Dr. Fauci. You have asked a very complicated question, and I can tell you that there is not a one-to-one relationship of whether you can or cannot get a vaccine, whether it is an RNA or a DNA vaccine. And also, RNA viruses do jump species. I mean the----    Dr. Fauci. Yes--well, HIV, influenza, I mean, there is the fowl virus that jumps, HIV, the chimp virus that jumps, so----    Dr. Fauci. Yes.    Dr. Fauci. But the things that go into whether or not--your point is very well taken, that if you have in general, and----    Dr. Fauci . You have to be really careful when you pick this one or the other one, in general, a virus that has a proofreading mechanism, which RNA viruses have----    Dr. Fauci . They don't correct their mistakes when they mutate, allows it to do what influenza does----    Dr. Fauci . Drift. It allows it to do what HIV does. If you give it one drug, it will mutate to be resistant unless you give it----    Dr. Fauci . Three drugs.    Dr. Fauci. You are perfectly correct on that. However, it really isn't specifically that. These are easy to make one against, and these are difficult. It just doesn't work that way because there are a lot of other things that go into whether or not you are going to have a successful vaccine. But the fundamental principles that you mentioned are correct.    Dr. Fauci. Well, the body makes a very good immune response against measles, even when it is a serious disease. Ultimately, the body will completely clear measles in the----    Dr. Fauci . Overwhelming majority of people. So we already know the body has the capability of inducing an effective immune response, therefore, you follow what the body does and you induce the same response that natural infection does. With HIV, the body does not make an adequate immune response against HIV, so there is no proof of----    Dr. Fauci. Well----    Dr. Fauci. Well, I am sorry, sir, it does see it, it just doesn't make a good response.    Dr. Fauci. It doesn't make a good response----    Dr. Fauci . Against it.    Dr. Fauci. Exactly. You need the body's ability to do it naturally to mimic it. That is what vaccines are all about; mimicking natural infection without----    Dr. Fauci . Hurting the host.