    Mr. SMITH. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Dr. Cohen, for sharing with us your expertise and insight.    I need to express my frustration and I also though want to express my understanding that there are perhaps some frustrating points of your job as well.    Back in the summer of 2013, Pam Weldon, a constituent, approached me unprompted and presented me with her cancellation letter. That was certainly a plan that she liked, and it even covered her preexisting condition. She could afford it, and you know, fast forwarding a little bit to November 14th, she learned that the Platinum Plan she had chosen from the CO-OP in Nebraska and Iowa, CoOpportunity Health, she had chosen to replace the first plan she lost that was being discontinued. She would again have to choose a new plan.    Then she learned at the beginning of 2015, that CoOpportunity Health would be going out of business, forcing her to again find a new plan.    I have a letter here, and I would ask unanimous consent for submitting Pam Weldon's letter into the record.    Mr. SMITH. This may be our first hearing dedicated to the topic, but certainly Nebraskans have been living with this failed CO-OP for nearly a year, and I have asked several questions of the department, of HHS. I spoke and wrote to Secretary Burwell, and actually I am awaiting more answers, certainly more solid answers.    And I would like to submit for the record the letter that I sent Secretary Burwell in January.    Mr. SMITH. And, Dr. Cohen, we have had, you know, various meetings, hearings about the overall situation with Obamacare, and I have followed up numerous times with various obviously questions and just concerns about taxpayer dollars, and actually I would like to also submit for the record, and request unanimous consent to place my questions and the Secretary's responses into the record.    Mr. SMITH. Thank you.    Now, finally, on September 30th, I joined Chairman Brady and my colleague, Mr. Roskam, in sending a letter to the Acting CMS Administrator seeking further information on CO-OP solvency and oversight. We requested a response by October 14th, but have not yet received a response.    In the meantime, actually in the meantime, seven additional CO-OPs have collapsed. I am sure you are well aware of that, and I would like to request unanimous consent to submit that letter for the record as well.    Mr. SMITH. And I have a question. What did HHS or why did HHS deny in our case, Nebraska-Iowa CoOpportunity Health's request to suspend enrollment?    Mr. SMITH. Correct.    Mr. SMITH. Right. I would really appreciate that because it appeared then that Tennessee then requested a suspension of enrollment and that was granted. So any background that you could give to us on that scenario of perhaps what the standards are for either granting or denying the requested suspensions in enrollment.    I actually asked the Tennessee Insurance Commissioner about her interactions with HHS, and she told us that HHS, quote, ``certainly had a differing opinion about the financial stability of the company,'' end quote, and referring certainly to the Community Health Alliance there in Tennessee.    Now, in Nebraska and Iowa, the Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Associations have begun paying out $80 million to cover outstanding claims on CoOpportunity Health policies. Will providers in other States where CO-OPs have shut down be made whole?    Mr. SMITH. Will providers in other States where CO-OPs have shut down be made whole?    Mr. SMITH. I have further questions, but my time has expired so I will submit those in writing. I request your assistance in getting those answered.