    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me to testify today.    My name is Stephen Mankowski, and I am a CPA. I am the executive vice president and tax policy chair of the National Conference of CPA Practitioners.    Tax compliance burden has been defined in the GAO Report on Small Businesses as the time and money spent by the taxpayer to meet tax obligations, not the associated liabilities. An objective of the administration and the IRS has been to minimize taxpayer burdens and eliminate unnecessary ones.    There has been a decided change in how business is transacted. Credit cards have become the norm. Business owners have had to accept the payment processing, compliance, and equipment rental costs as cost of doing business. Online sales have caused the IRS to question the voluntary compliance of reporting all revenue.    As a result of a 2008 law, payment card processors had to begin reporting credit card receipts of the IRS and the merchant in 2011 and added the number of monthly transactions for 2012. Once a merchant annually has 200 transactions and sales of at least $20,000, they will receive Form 1099-K, Merchant Card and Third Party Network Payments. Initially, 1099-K results were to be placed directly on the specific lines on tax returns. This changed as many issues arose. Specifically, there was confusion on how sales tax gratuities and merchandise returns were handled on 1099-K. Those same concerns still exist and are just some of the reasons that the IRS has not taken a stronger stance on the use of the information on these forms.    Business owners track revenue by specific categories, such as sales, consulting, or rental income. They do not track revenue based on how they are paid. Trying to accurately track revenue to match the 1099-K would actually result in an accounting nightmare. To further complicate the recordkeeping, businesses receive a 1099-K for each specific payment processor--one for MasterCard/Visa, one for American Express, one for PayPal, and another for Discover. And even a second round if they change processing firms during the year.    From the IRS viewpoint, this form has helped increase voluntary compliance among small businesses. Many virtual businesses that had previously flown under the radar are now filing income tax returns and paying taxes. In addition, the 1099-K has allowed the IRS to establish a database whereby they can obtain a better understanding of the revenue sources within particular industries.    The IRS instituted a pilot program for the 2015 filing season called the Payment Mixed Comparison tool that utilizes database. NCCPAP was invited to participate in this program, which allows our members to enter selected data from the client's 1099-K. The tool accesses the IRS database by a specific merchant category code (MCC) and compares various ratios for a business. The result tells the CPA if the results are within the specifications of the database. A common flaw with the 1099-K is that if the payment processor enters an incorrect MCC code for a business, the results could be beyond the standard deviation, which may result in an IRS notice. The results from the tool have been strictly for the benefit of the taxpayer and for informational purposes only.    Currently, the IRS is not capturing data from this tool. The database will continue to improve as the volume of 1099-K data is input into the tool. Unfortunately, the tool did not get the expected usage due to practitioner concerns. Specifically, many practitioners did not believe that the IRS was not tracking results, the name of the tool was not the best, and the tool did not go live until February 2015, after most CPAs had already completed their training and had begun preparing tax returns. In addition, many felt there should be a better results besides typical or unusual. Hopefully, this program will continue and improve next year and we will see more uses by tax professionals. If used properly, this tool could actually reduce taxpayer burden by addressing issues of credit card revenue while the data is still fresh in the business owner's mind.    The form 1099-K program also has the potential to be a disaster. This is a repeat of warnings from NCCPAP and others in the practitioner community when the form 1099-K matching program was first proposed. The IRS should use all tools possible to ensure tax compliance and close the tax gap. However, as the GAO has correctly indicated, this is a flawed system with no reliability of matching gross income with the 1099-K reports.    I would like to thank Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and all members of the Committee for the opportunity to present this testimony today. I will be happy to answer any questions. Thank you.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Thank you. It has been a major impact on the clients. They are finding that in the past where they have just been able to just accept cash and checks, that more and more of the population, for whatever reason, has an aversion to carrying cash, and they are paying with credit cards even if it is for a two dollar soda at the convenience store or wherever else they are transacting business. So it is something that they have really been having to assume the burden of. And with that, they have added fees, not just with the processing fees that are going to vary based on the type of credit card that is being used, whether it is a points card or so forth that tend to have higher rates, in addition to the different rates that MasterCard/Visa, versus American Express or Discover. But now they are also finding that in addition, because of credit card fraud that has also been going on, that now they also have added compliance burdens that they are required to go through, whether it is some sort of training and annual webinars or seminars that they need to undergo to be aware of compliance and whether there are different rates and different services that they are required to do if the card is present or if the card is not present, to make sure that they are not participating in the fraud that they are trying to prevent.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Ma'am, we do not have that information either, but we would be happy to work with Mr. Williamson and others to make sure we answer your needs on that.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Yes, ma'am. We have used, taking Treasury's lead, we use $10 million, although as you point out, there are a variety of different ways that you can do it. Number of employees. But we use the $10 million. I should also point out that the way IRS is organized implicitly assumes that the $10 million, their small business unit has a $10 million threshold to the organizations or entities that it looks at.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. I think as far as business formation, not necessarily, because a lot of the businesses, recently they have been the byproduct of the overall economy where they have been downsized out of their current opportunities, and now they have exhausted their unemployment benefits and they have kind of been forced into their own businesses. So the bank formation, not so much of causing people to not form their businesses, but I think it hurts them if they are looking for additional revenue because I do agree that the smaller banks and the community banks seem to be the ones that really are more in tune to lending to the small businesses.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Yes, there are two aspects. First is that there is common belief that there are items that to go onto the credit card receipts that are not revenue to the business owner, such as sales tax, gratuities, and even if someone has a return of merchandise that they purchased.    Take a restaurant as an example. If you put your gratuity onto your credit card, that will show up on the 1099-K, but that is not revenue to the business owner. Another concern from a 1099-K perspective is if you have one of your vendors that pays you with a credit card, where normally they would issue you a 1099-MISC depending on the type of service, if you pay with a credit card, you no longer have that responsibility to issue that person the 1099-MISC if their only payments were credit cards in excess of $600 total for the year. If you now have payments under the $600 that were totaled under with cash or checks, you are relying on the credit card processor to issue the 1099-MISC. In essence, it falls on the 1099-K, not through the 1099-MISC, a form that the government is not really using for full verification of the income for the business owner.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Thank you. As far as the implementation, if the IRS really wants to maintain the anonymity for the users, they really can have some of the specific results that many of us practitioners would be looking for to know where their ranking is inside of the usual or the unusual. So it is almost a catch-22. How much information do you really want to get to see where you are at in the specific categories? I think having the ability to have it rolled out earlier this year as year two to the practitioner community, at least for those who have been in the pilot program already, will just add on to the number of users that are going to be familiar with the tool that now when they are doing their preseason training, it will be more at the forefront that this tool exists, even to the extent to go back and look at the 2014 tax data and see where the results came in, meet with their business owners and say, ``Here is where some of the results were coming out.'' Use it as a preseason tool and potentially have the ability to advise our clients and work with them so that they can avoid that love letter from the IRS that they get usually about a year, year and a half after the fact, that at least if it is addressed and have some general information and answers when they get a letter from the IRS if their results were out of spec, you can pull the results out of your file and say, ``Mr. Business Owner, remember we talked about this last year? Here is some of the information. We have done the leg work.'' And then they are better able to answer the notices at that point.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Thank you.    As far as one parting comment, I think that the IRS has almost been in a catch-22 recently. They have been asked to do more and more between implement the Affordable Care Act last year along with repair regulations, and for the current year, also implement the Employer Shared Responsibility portions. They are doing this with, I believe, one of the congressmen had mentioned that their budget has been down 17 or 18 percent over the last few years, and that is an annual decrease that they have been getting. So they have been getting--having to do more and more with less resources. And even now they are looking at saying, ``Well, how come you have not done more with the 1099-K.'' You reach a point where they are in a hiring freeze, they cannot bring on staff, and as not bringing on staff, they are also having the attrition from the higher level people. The people who are not coming on now are the ones that may be a little bit more tech savvy that can really take the service to the next level to make it a better service for all the practitioner and taxpayer community.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. I do not believe, I mean, the form itself, at least in my estimation, was kind of created to get a lot of your people who have been conducting business on the Internet. Your eBay sellers. And from that perspective, I think the form has been very successful. There are clients that have come in that have no idea that they had a million dollars worth of business that they had done on eBay. So it does not mean they made a million dollars, they just sold goods to that level.    So from that perspective, it has been accurate. Unfortunately, the majority of businesses are not conducting their business on the Internet, and it has really been--they are collateral damage because they are out there reporting their revenue as it is, and they have been doing that all along, but they are the ones that are getting the notices.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Right.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Right. Unfortunately, a lot of those businesses that are getting the large credit card sales through their online businesses--I will take someone, a client who is on eBay. By the time they have their listing fees, their shipping fees, their PayPal fees, and then their cost for the product, they do not make a lot of money.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. From that perspective, yes. I think time will hash out what needs to be adjusted out of this form, specifically the restaurant owner with gratuities, sales tax, and how that is going to be affected and how they are looking, because the IRS is sending out soft notices that as long as the taxpayer responds, here is my brief reconciliation, here is my gratuities, and this is my number I reported, they are fine with that. It is just a lot of extra work on the business owner to really go back and try to figure out whether it is right or wrong because they do not track their revenue based upon whether it is credit card, cash, or checks.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. If you look under the IRS description of small business being the $10 million and less, they have been because they are the business----    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Yes.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. I do not know the answer to that, sir.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Yes.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. I will use an example that a friend of mine recently had a baby and she was saying, ``Oh, well, over in France, as an example, they get paid so many months of childcare or maternity leave.'' And a quick search said, ``Well, that is great, but based on your income level, you would be paying 40-plus percent in annual tax just to the government compared to what you are paying now.'' So, yeah, you may get an extra two months or so of paid maternity leave, but every year you would be paying in 10 to 15 to 20 percent more in tax.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. I would say less just from a compliance perspective.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Yes.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. Yes, I do.    Mr. MANKOWSKI. I believe it is a good start but it would also complicate things a lot as well.