    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank all of you for your gallant service to the country.    Admiral Syring, included in the fiscal year 2016 budget request from the President, there was multiyear procurement authority for the SM-3 IB in that.    Can you speak to that for the record as to the importance of the authorization?    Mr. Franks. Yes, sir.    Your FYDP for fiscal year 2016 shows approximately $191 million for an extended-range staff modernization program. I think Lieutenant General Mann was alluding to that.    Why is such capability needed based on your reality, your budget profile? Is it affordable, in your mind? And are there some options that would help you to afford this?    Mr. Franks. Yes, sir.    Mr. McKeon, I might ask you, since looking at international cooperative development or financing would really fall under your purview of the policy of OSD, what would you express about such an opportunity?    Mr. Franks. Well, Admiral Syring, I may come back to you.    Last year, when you came before the committee, you said that, if there was one thing you needed more of, it was increased discrimination capability.    Can you talk about and kind of express how far you have come and where we are headed in fiscal year 2016?    Mr. Franks. Yes, sir.    Well, you know, we have had each of the service chiefs and Secretaries as well as the SECDEF and Chairman before this committee this week alone.    And one of the recurring themes has been what support does each of the services provide to the warfighter, the combatant commanders. I suppose it is a rather obvious question, but it would be, I think, worth hearing your more elaborate expression of it.    From a missile defense perspective, what is the main thrust of your support that you provide to the warfighter? And I will start with you, Admiral Syring. And we will see what time we have after that.    Mr. Franks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Mann, did----    Mr. Franks. Thank you gentlemen.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.