    Mr. Collins. And I do appreciate it, Chairman. It is always good to be with the Chairman. This Committee I think is really hitting on one of the biggest parts, but I will also not that the patents that just got admitted into by unanimous consent also were good for 14 years, so that is an aspect, which is good and which it needs to be. I think there are some aspects about this bill that are good. There are some aspects that need to be discussed, but there are also some very disturbing, you know, questions. Ms. Burris, you brought up some. Mr. Gillis, we are going to get to some. The heart of this, though, and I want to get back to this, and Ms. Burris, I will just start with you. If you take the premise of the bill as correct, okay, which I have no doubt the authors, you know, in looking at it and I think there are some ways that we can work together. I have some specific concerns about language in the bill, but I think there are some possibilities we can work on. The premise of the bill is, do consumers lack affordable options in the marketplace due in full to ornamental design patent protections? If you take the premise of the bill, that is what the premise of the bill basically is because we have heard about it already. It is money. Mr. Gillis just said that, so is that true?    Mr. Collins. Right.    Mr. Collins. No, it is not, and I think--well, take that a step further, and even if the cost differential of the parts is different, there is no evidence that consumers directly would save money if this bill is enacted.    Mr. Collins. Okay, and I think Mr. Gillis, I would think you would disagree, but is there hard and fast evidence that consumers will save money post-enactment of this legislation?    Mr. Collins. Okay, and I think you take a major leap of faith there, which I am a man of faith, so I will go with your leap of faith.    Mr. Collins. I could understand if I was buying it myself, like my Honda has a broke front end right now. Zip ties work wonderful, but if I did it myself, then I possibly could save money there, but if I depend on the insurance company to pass their savings along to me, can you honestly sit here under oath and say that I am going to see savings from my insurance company?    Mr. Collins. Exactly, but you are extrapolating there, if this bill was enacted, that that would happen.    Mr. Collins. I think that is the wonderful thing for these hearings is discussions and disagreements such as that. But in your written testimony, I do have an interesting question, and this will--and I am going to sort of finish up here because, like I said, I think the Chairman and Ms. Lofgren, who I have the greatest respect for, there is some ideas here that we might could work for, but in your written testimony, you make a comment, and it is on page three of your written testimony. It says, ''Not only do customers have the right to competition, they both have the right to safe and high quality competitive parts.'' I am just curious. Where are you getting a right to competition?    Mr. Collins. Well, I mean we can debate American or un-American, but really when you say a ``right,'' you are implying almost a legal concept here, and I think that is an interesting way to hyperbole to put that.    Mr. Collins. So conversely, for someone such as myself, who believes that a strong and robust patent system actually encourages creation and not discourages creation, would you agree with me that patent owners have a right to enforce their patents?    Mr. Collins. Were they patentable 10 years ago?    Mr. Collins. They were. They chose not to.    Mr. Collins. And again----    Mr. Collins. So as a conservative who believes in free markets, you are going to run to the government to say, ``Government, put your thumb on the scale.'' Mr. Gillis, I think that is a problem, and you make a business choice either way. I believe this bill has merit. I believe there are some things we can work on to move forward on this. But frankly, there is some concern here when you distinguish patents and you do this in such a way that you do it--as you said before, it is all about money. There are also rights of the patent holders and the protection we afford to them, so I look forward to continuing the discussion. I appreciate it, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Collins. Always.    Mr. Collins. Can I get one for my Honda?    Mr. Collins. Which speaking of which, by the way, thank you for being here. I always enjoy these panels, and when you have actually someone here who does the business every day, the one who gets up and writes the payroll checks and comes to--I love the other testifying witnesses, but when you have got someone like yourself, we may disagree in parts on this, but thank you for actually keeping America's economy running. Thank you.    Mr. Collins. Well, and I think the Chairman brings up a great point. If you really want to get into the overall patent issue, which we have, you and I have, talked about many times, we have to have good, robust patent systems that are actually examined. The problem we have right now is patents that can be challenged because they frankly are bogus patents, and that goes across the spectrum. You brought up a great point, Mr. Chairman. That is the reason we have this, and it is a pleasure to be on the Committee with you.