    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The social cost of carbon estimates that will come out of this Administration's attempt to monetize costs and benefits of carbon emissions are going to be incorporated into project analyses under NEPA.    As this committee explored in a hearing in May, this global warming analysis will be applied to projects in nearly every sector of our economy, including agriculture, energy, infrastructure, and manufacturing, just to name a few. Projects and permits may hinge on what the Administration deems to be their global warming cost or benefit.    The cost-benefit analysis of proposed regulations will be impacted to the tune of billions of dollars under the social cost of carbon. Yet Administration officials concocted the social cost of carbon in a process lacking transparency, lacking peer review, and, most offensively, lacking public input.    Today we will shine some light on the questionable assumptions that underlie the social cost of carbon, which seeks to predict projects' global warming costs 285 years into the future. In pursuing this brazen endeavor, the Administration has handpicked the science and even the Federal scientific guidance it chooses.    The social cost of carbon risks American jobs and our Nation's prosperity all in the name of questionable statistical models. The Federal decisionmaking process should be held to a higher standard of integrity. The American people, who will ultimately bear the cost of this policy, deserve better from their government.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Lummis. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to just begin by saying that I believe climate change is real, and I like to watch programs like ``Nova'' which is on Public Television, and I recall a program that talked about the climate changes that were going on 300 years ago.    So let's go back to 1715. Let's think about the fact that the Delaware River was always frozen in the winter. It was always cooler than it is now because when Washington crossed the Delaware, they were dodging ice chunks to get across the river to get to fight the Hessians that were camped on the other side.    There were years in Europe when summer never came, and it is documented. Hence, I really do believe in climate change.    But my question is this for Dr. Dayaratna. Is it reasonable to use 285 years' time line projecting into the future, given what we know and do not know about climate change that was going on in the past? Is that an appropriate time line to guide regulators?    Mrs. Lummis. Now, Mr. Segal, given those responses, I want to shift and ask this question. Can you explain how this social cost of carbon rule is impacting the cost-benefit analysis of major rules and regulations, like vehicle efficiency standards and the EPA's proposed carbon regulations?    And I further want to ask you: do you believe that the automobile, the internal combustion engines that we use today in some vehicles, will be the same 285 years from now?    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time is up.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Lowenthal.