    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman Barletta, and thank you for your leadership.    Prior to 2014, the VA used their own real estate authority to sign leases for medical facilities. However, the VA in consultation with the Office of Management and Budget, later determined that it did not have legal authority necessarily to enter into multiyear leases. The VA now relies on GSA's authority to execute these leases. In 2014, this committee approved six prospectuses submitted by GSA on behalf of the VA. These six medical facility leases were the first of their kind to be approved by the committee.    Now, typically, these facilities include mental health clinics, readjustment counseling centers, research, and other types of clinical spaces. Because the VA is working with the GSA to execute these leases, they have now come before this committee for approval. Although we approved the first six leases, Chairman Barletta and I and members of the Veterans' Affairs Committee thought it was appropriate to request GAO's study to the VA's choices in managing its real property assets.    While we want to support the VA's efforts to provide essential health care to our country's veterans, it is also important that this committee have some assurances that the VA is managing its real estate assets as efficiently as possible. Every dollar saved in a real estate transaction is a dollar that can be redirected to supportive services for veterans, an important priority for every Member of Congress.    I look forward to today's testimony from the VA, GSA, and GAO on how this program is being managed and how improvements can be made going forward.    Thank you, Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman Barletta.    Ms. Shea, in your testimony, you indicated that the VA has not provided Congress with information that backs up their conclusion that its choice to have lease--to lease these facilities, which is more expensive than construction is justified. What metrics do you think would be helpful for the VA to consider, ma'am, convincingly to make their case to Congress that leasing provides the flexibility that they repeatedly claim?    Mr. Carson. Yes, ma'am. Thank you.    Mr. Sullivan, what are the cost controls as the VA puts together a program of requirements for a leased facility? Do costs ever cause the VA to not lease or build a clinic because it is simply too expensive?    Mr. Carson. Sure.    Mr. Carson. Now that we are out of time, thank you for the very deep explanation.    Sorry, Mr. Wisner, I won't get to you. But nice haircut. My kind of guy.    Mr. Carson. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Carson. Mr. Wisner, in January of 2016, the VA issued a new standard design that covers the different types of facilities that the VA procures. The GAO indicated that design changes are the main drivers of increases of costs for a facility. The committee previously tackled the issue of courthouses spiraling out of control with increases related to deviations from the design guide for courthouses. What are appropriate reasons for the VA to deviate from the design guide that they have completed, and would you recommend that our committee resolutions require congressional notification if the VA departs from the design guide at all?    Mr. Carson. Thank you. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.