    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to thank Mr. McLaughlin, Ambassador Crocker. Thanks so much for joining us.    I wanted to pose a question to both of you as we look at this pretty complex situation. I want to point to two individuals that I think have pretty good perspective on there. They spoke at the Reagan National Defense Forum. And former Under Secretary of Defense Policy Michele Flournoy argued to make sure we are putting opportunities and solutions in our hands so that we can influence the outcome of any political negotiations, and make sure that we are mindful of all the different pieces of how this fits together.    And Condoleezza Rice and Robert Gates argued in a Wall Street Journal article saying that we must create a better military balance of power on the ground if we are to seek a political solution acceptable to us and to our allies. And as you know, with Russia being in there, they seek to influence a political balance there, I think, to try to force a choice: It is either Assad or ISIL, obviously now with the other forces in the region, both with Iran trying to play in that arena and others.    Give us your perspective on how that balance ultimately plays out. What can we do to best predominate in the outcome of what will happen, and we will make an assumption that we do, indeed, defeat and destroy ISIS and that we are left now with what happens in that power vacuum. Give us your perspective on what we should do to make sure the outcomes are different than what has happened in Iraq?    Mr. Wittman. Yeah.    Mr. Wittman. Yes.    Mr. Wittman. Yes.    Mr. Wittman. Very good.    Ambassador Crocker.    Ambassador Crocker. I think that is important. I believe that military actions along the lines I outlined--air strikes to weaken Islamic State, no-fly and safe zones to weaken Assad, and kind of shift the dynamics, which now favor Iran, Russia, and Assad--need to use military action to shift those parameters.    Yes, the Russians are going to have to be part of any agreement. I would rather us go into the process of trying to make one on terms that are less favorable to them, more favorable to us, and I think we can do that.    And I find--for once in my life, I find you irrationally optimistic. I never thought I would say that about this great American hero. But I would like to believe this about Russia that they are--in the wake of the airliner, that they are changing their position. I will believe it when I see it.    I noticed that the air strikes that they launched against ISIS targets, they said in one case, and we hit ISIS targets yesterday, the day before, near Idlib in the west. ISIS is nowhere near Idlib. They hit the Free Syrian Army, again, in Ararashem. Again, groups we support.    Mr. Wittman. Sure. Very good.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Ashford.