    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing. I would also like to congratulate Administrator Neffenger on his appointment, and I look forward to working with him to advance the mission of TSA.    Another thing is, you say, ``Welcome to the fish bowl.''    TSA was established by Congress in the wake of the September 11 attack. It has responsibility for protecting the Nation's surface and aviation transportation systems and ensuring the free movement of people and goods.    Over the years in protecting aviation systems, TSA has used a number of methods to screen passengers. Some of the technological changes TSA has made, however, have cost taxpayers millions of dollars while failing to adequately address the threat to aviation security.    Unfortunately, TSA is still having problems with its technology today. For example, last month, it was reported that auditors posing as passengers were able to smuggle mock explosives and banned weapons through checkpoints at various airports across the country.    Earlier this spring, the inspector general released a report claiming that TSA does not properly manage the maintenance of its airport screening equipment. According to the I.G., TSA has not issued adequate policies to airports for carrying out maintenance responsibility.    Administrator Neffenger, I want to challenge you to address these issues with the technologies used in the airport environment. As you approach this issue, consider both the current threat picture and the emerging threats. Keep in mind that there are small and minority businesses in this country with exceptional technologies that could be beneficial to TSA and improve efficiencies at the airport.    I highlight that because we have gotten accustomed to using three or four vendors and every time we have come before this committee, somebody would say, well, they are the only someone with capacity to do what we need. My question is: Well, how hard have we looked and how cooperative have we been with other people who are in this arena? So I look forward to working with you on that.    Former Administrator Pistole implemented a risk-based approach to passenger screening. However, both the Government Accountability Office and the Office of Inspector General have identified shortcomings with this approach, especially when it comes to granting passengers expedited screening through managed inclusion.    Significant shortcomings that I have observed with managed inclusion include problems with the model used to identify passengers for this managed inclusion program and the usefulness of having behavior that takes an officer's implement the managed inclusion program.    The reason I say that, too, Mr. Director, is we have been asking for whatever science that is available relative to behavior detection officers and how that falls into this layered system of protection and, unfortunately, we have yet to get that report back from a scientific standpoint.    This past Monday, legislation introduced by Subcommittee Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Rice, and me directs TSA to limit expedited airport screening to participants of the PreCheck program and other known low-risk passengers. Our bill passed the House. Last week, three new measures were approved by the Transportation Security Subcommittee.    As we consider the three deals, we know that there are some issues that remain for the full committee's consideration. For instance, significant concerns have been raised by a diverse group of labor stakeholders for the measure aimed to address alarming reports of multiple security breaches caused by employees exploiting security gaps and abusing the credentialing privileges. As we close these gaps, we must ensure that the men and women whose job is to protect the flying public are not unduly impacted.    As TSA legislation works its way through the legislative process, we would welcome constructive engagement from TSA. Administrator Neffenger, again, not only do I look forward to hearing from you on how you plan to address these issues, but also I want to hear from you on how you plan to address the most valuable asset within TSA, which is its workforce.    TSA is plagued with very low morale and an extremely high turnover rate. Employees cite low pay and barriers to advancement as some of their main issues. Additionally, the Federal Air Marshal Service has not had a class in nearly 4 years. Again, I want to know your perspective on this and what steps you plan to take to improve employee morale and if you plan on employing more Federal air marshals.    TSA plays a vital part in protecting America. We can work together to help solve its problems. I look forward to this committee working with you as the new administrator in a bipartisan fashion to help solve TSA's problems and to improve.    With that, Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much. Mr. Neffenger, your comments, clearly, a breath of fresh air. I think the Chairman will agree with me on that.    We have passed a modernization of acquisition legislation to kind of give the Department a freer reign. One of the challenges we have is the culture of, ``But we have always done it this way.''    So we buy technology, being TSA, that we already know does not address the emerging threat, but because, ``This is how we do.'' Members of Congress have raised that question a number of times.    I am glad to see you willing to say, ``How can we get out of this?'' CIA, NASA, some of the other agencies, they have vehicles that they use to incentivize the acquisition of new technology. Some of it is you create a venture for them, and you purchase participation with those companies so they can continue the development.    We tried that for quite a while. I want to talk to you a little bit about that going forward. But as we talk about technology, let's talk about how we do processing. The Managed Inclusion program, some of us have had real problems with it.    It appears that the issue became, ``How can we get people through the checkpoint faster?'' rather than, ``How can we guarantee that those people who go through have actually been vetted?'' So we had cross-purposes.    How do you see the Department working on this Managed Inclusion program?    Mr. Thompson. A couple other questions.    One is the whole employee morale issue. Every OPM report that we read lists DHS at the bottom, and more specifically, TSA. How do you plan to get us off the bottom?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you.    My last question, Mr. Administrator, with respect to the TWIC card. We have resolved the problem, with this committee's help, that people who applied don't have to go back. Now we are hearing that when they try to get re-certified, there is a tremendous backlog, so that members' TWIC card expires before the new card comes, and we would like for you to look at that.    So, in this committee's efforts, I don't want us to have created a bigger problem by alleviating the second trip, and we didn't fix the getting the TWIC card back to the person.    The last item is, those TWIC card workers who work on military installations on selected instances are being required to get an additional card, it costs about $200, that asks the same information that the TWIC card asks. So, can we see if there is some reciprocity that the TWIC card can provide to other installations, so that those workers don't have to pay for a second card?    Mr. Thompson. The issue of getting the cards back before they expire?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much.    I yield back.