    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on Natural Resources will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    I am pleased to have both committees here, and I am pleased to recognize the Chairman of the Committee on Natural Resources, my colleague from Utah, Mr. Bishop, for 5 minutes for his opening statement.    The Chairman. Hey, you started the clock, and I could not even find the button to turn this on. Thank you, Mr. Chaffetz, it is nice to be here with you.    Over a year ago, EPA began remediation on the Gold King Mine in Colorado that ultimately led to 3 million gallons of orange crap that went down the Animas and San Juan Rivers from Colorado into New Mexico, Utah, and perhaps even into Arizona.    EPA documents show the Agency was aware as early as June of 2014 that a massive blowout was possible. However, EPA decided not to test the hydrostatic pressure in the mine. Instead, they just simply dug around it with heavy machinery. If an individual or private company had done this, EPA would already have made sure there was hell to pay.    EPA's aggressive enforcement tactics have often resulted in criminal charges for mistakes or accidents. In Alaska, armed EPA agents descended on a small mining town based on speculation that individuals may have violated the Clean Water Act. In Wyoming, EPA is threatening a rancher with $75,000 a day in fines because he built a stock pond on his own land. One dismissed EPA regional director spoke of crucifying someone to make an example for others. I even have a constituent who had jail time because he tried to work with the EPA; and EPA told him, when he asked for advice on how to solve his problem, ``We don't advise, we just regulate.''    Evidence from states across this Nation demonstrate that EPA is more concerned with the enforcing of a heavy-handed regulation than actually protecting our resources. Now, EPA has violated not only this issue, but also violated environmental laws, like the Clean Water Act and the Endangered Species Act.    Making sure EPA is held accountable for the spill it caused is the primary reason for today's hearing. Another is to hear from those who are affected by EPA's action. We want to find out what happened, how to solve it, and how to make sure it does not happen again. We want to find out why EPA was so slow in notifying downstream users of what was happening to them. EPA basically sat back and let others do the work of informing; and when those authorities asked EPA for information about the spill, or for access to the results of the water quality or sediment sampling plans, EPA simply delayed.    I find that the states of New Mexico, Utah, and Colorado were quick and competent in their efforts. I am very proud of what the tribes were doing in this area. They were effective with the resources that they actually had. Even EPA workers who worked on the ground, I thought did a great job; but even they were kept in the dark by EPA Washington.    EPA is not alone in this shameful behavior. The Interior Department was nearly invisible in the wake of the spill, despite the fact that every one of their agencies has some jurisdiction. The Bureau of Reclamation released over a billion gallons of water from the Navajo Dam to dilute the spill. I would like to know who did that, why, and understand the problems that resulted from that release of water.    But the agencies who were simply there, like the Fish and Wildlife, the Park Service, and BLM, they have responsibility; but they were AWOL, and they should be held accountable for some of the results, as well.    I am disappointed the Department of the Interior is not here to testify on how they will go about their separate investigation. We need to know what the scope of that investigation is, and waiting 60 days in sacrosanct area while they make their decisions is a wrong approach. We need to know ahead of time if the wrong questions are being asked in the first place. That is why I wish the Department of the Interior was actually here to testify on how they are going to go about their review of what is going on.    Finally, I have one other complaint. I understand that Administrator McCarthy agreed to come only if she appeared first and on her own panel; that is something we would not do in my committee. You are lucky that this is a joint committee. Refusing to sit alongside representatives of the states and tribes that have traveled across this country to discuss this disaster is simply unheard of, and is wrong. It is arrogance, and it is hubris. It goes through the Agency, and it should not take place. The Administration does not deserve special treatment; they should be at the same panel with the same other people. I am sorry, I find this request shameful. The first thing you should do is apologize to the Navajo Nation and the Southern Utes in New Mexico and Colorado for refusing to sit at the same table and take the same questions with them.    Both the EPA and the Department of the Interior will be held accountable, today and in the future, as the recovery efforts continue. I look forward to this hearing to find out specifics of what happened and how we solve this in the future, so that we do not replicate this again.    Before we move forward on any other kind of reclamation in this effort, we have to make sure that we do not recreate the mistakes that we have done in the past. Accountability is going to be important. I look forward to hearing the testimony of all the witnesses that are here, and I yield back.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I now recognize Mr. Grijalva, the Ranking Member of the Committee on Natural Resources, for his opening statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. In Colorado last month, there was a massive environmental disaster. Three million gallons of polluted mine wastewater spilled into the Animas River in a matter of hours. It was the worst ecological catastrophe in the region in recent memory. The spill released a mustard-colored plume into the regional river system stretching some 80 miles long. We have a video that I would like to show of what happened.    Chairman Chaffetz. All right, when they fix that we will come back to it. That is not the right video.    So, what caused the accident? What caused the accident? The Environmental Protection Agency. My colleagues and I often disagree on the merits of EPA's action. However, I am certain that everyone in this room can agree that EPA should not be making the environment worse.    We are here to examine how this disaster happened. We are also here to examine how it was managed. Most importantly, we are here to make sure it never, ever happens again.    The EPA must be held fully accountable for the accident. Last year, a private company in West Virginia accidentally released roughly 7,500 gallons of chemicals into the river. Remember, this spill was 3 million gallons. The EPA immediately began a criminal investigation. The EPA built a case against the company that resulted in criminal indictments for six employees. The company was forced to declare bankruptcy.    In 1999, a private company in Alaska inadvertently spilled 1,500 gallons of oil into a nearby river. The project manager of the site was sentenced to prison--prison--for 6 months. Yet, I have heard the EPA Administrator go on television, saying, ``We hold our people to an even higher standard.'' I am not aware of anybody who has been dismissed, held accountable, let alone given some criminal charges along the way.    In the aftermath of the Deep Horizon's oil spill in 2010, President Obama demanded that those responsible be held fully accountable. When asked if he would fire the CEO of the company responsible, President Obama said, ``He wouldn't be working for me.'' Has anything happened to any of the EPA employees who were responsible for this? Not a thing. The EPA should not get special treatment or avoid the consequences they have instituted on others.    One of the more offensive things that I heard as I visited with the President of the Navajo Nation, who was deeply affected by this, is that days--days--after this, we had EPA employees walking the banks of the river. They were not there to do a cleanup, not there to help with the cows, the cattle, and other things, but they were out there, handing out these waiver forms, trying to get a waiver form signed to limit the liability, days after this happened. Many of these people do not even speak English, and yet you had employees of the Federal Government working for you out there trying to limit their liability. That is so fundamentally, totally wrong and offensive.    Did the EPA call the Navajo Nation to let them know what was happening right away? No. It was 48 hours until you bothered to even make contact with the Navajo Nation. Then, when you offered support, two people came down--two--to go sit in the Control Center, basically to spy and to see what was going on there. They were not down there working hard to get this thing cleaned up. We are going to hear from the President of the Navajo Nation. He is the one that told us about this and what is going on.    You can shake your head no, but that is exactly what happened. It is highly offensive--hand out waiver forms, try to limit the liability, instead of taking care of what you knew was happening more than a year in advance--more than a year in advance. That is what is so deeply concerning here.    There is one other point that I would like to make as we go along in this. In June of 2014, the EPA contracted with Environmental Restoration, a company, to work the Gold King Mine. In the contract--again, more than a year in advance--the contract says, ``Conditions may exist that could result in a blowout of the blockages and cause a release of large volumes of contaminated mine waters and sediment from inside the mine, which contain concentrated heavy metals.'' They knew this was a distinct possibility; they knew that this was going to happen more than a year in advance. Yet, obviously, they did not take the necessary precautions to make sure that this did not happen.    We want to have some answers to that, and a host of other questions. We do appreciate you being here today, and we look forward to a lively discussion.    I would like to recognize Mr. Cartwright, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, for his comments and opening statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. We are going to try to show this video again. I think it is less than a minute. It shows the start of the spill and what happened.    Chairman Chaffetz. Some 3 million gallons. We are going to hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any Members who would like to submit a written statement.    The Chair also would like to note the presence today of some of our colleagues: Congressman Steve Pearce of New Mexico; Congressman Scott Tipton of Colorado; as well as Ben Ray Lujan, also of New Mexico. We appreciate your interest in this issue, and look forward to your insight. I would ask unanimous consent that Congressmen Pearce, Lujan, and Tipton be allowed to fully participate in today's hearing.    The Chairman. Mr. Chairman, are you really sure you want Pearce and Tipton to be here? Can we discuss that at all?    Chairman Chaffetz. We have some great flexibility here that we are exercising--the Pope is coming next week, we are trying to be as nice as possible.    The Chairman. All right, I will not say anything then.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    We now recognize the distinguished witness on our first panel. We are pleased to welcome Ms. Gina McCarthy, the Administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.    Pursuant to Oversight and Government Reform Committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. If you would, please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Let the record reflect the witness answered in the affirmative.    Your entire written statement will, obviously, be made part of the record. But we would appreciate your verbal comments, and we now recognize you for those at this time. STATEMENT OF GINA McCARTHY, ADMINISTRATOR, U.S. ENVIRONMENTAL     Chairman Chaffetz. If you could, move that microphone--apologies. I just want to make sure the audio is sufficient. As close as you can. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Much better, thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Utah, the Chairman of the Natural Resources Committee, Mr. Bishop, for his questions.    The Chairman. Thank you, Ms. McCarthy, for being here. As usual, I am still disappointed that you are alone on that panel, but thank you for being here.    Ms. McCarthy, are you aware that Federal agencies are required under the Endangered Species Act to review any discretionary action they plan to undertake, to see if it may affect endangered species or the critical habitat? And that, if the Agency determines that endangered species or the critical habitat may be affected, they must consult with the Fish and Wildlife Service?    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I recognize the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Grijalva, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I recognize myself for 5 minutes.    If you had to give yourself a letter grade on your response, what would you give yourself so far?    Chairman Chaffetz. You said in your opening statement, ``The EPA has closely coordinated with our Federal partners and with officials in Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, Southern Ute and Ute Mountain tribes, and the Navajo Nation, to keep them apprised of water and sediment sampling results, which are routinely posted on our Web site.'' I have to tell you I am highly offended by those comments.    Sitting behind you on the front row is the President of the Navajo Nation. I want to read some things from his testimony. These are his words, not my words, ``To begin with, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency inexplicably delayed notification of the spill to the Navajo Nation. The spill occurred on the morning of August 5, but the Nation was not informed of the release until August 6, a full day later, and not even by the Environmental Protection Agency, but by the state of New Mexico. It took the EPA almost 2 full days to notify us. We view this as a violation of the government-to-government relationship between the Federal Government and the Navajo Nation.'' How do you answer that?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, you are not. No, you are not. You took 2 days before you called them.    Chairman Chaffetz. To put in your statement that you are working closely with the Navajo Nation is totally misleading.    Chairman Chaffetz. Let me--I have to keep going.    The Environmental Protection Agency also demonstrated complete lack of transparency. He goes on to say, ``The media was receiving faster and fuller information from the EPA than the Navajo Nation. For example, the New York Times reported the spill hours before EPA provided the Nation with notice of the spill. And media sources reported that EPA confirmed the presence of arsenic on August 7, whereas the Environmental Protection Agency still had not reported the presence of arsenic to the Nation, even by Sunday, August 9.'' What is your excuse for that?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, you did not.    Chairman Chaffetz. In your testimony you said you are working closely with them.    Chairman Chaffetz. You did not say you screwed up on the communication.    Chairman Chaffetz. Why would it take 2 days?    Chairman Chaffetz. You took 2 days.    Chairman Chaffetz. Your first call was to the media, not to the Navajo Nation; and I have a problem with that.    Chairman Chaffetz. That is the problem. That is the problem. You did not make a call. You have the President of the Navajo Nation and you, personally, do not get involved in this.    Chairman Chaffetz. It is one of the worst spills we have ever had.    Chairman Chaffetz. When did you call the President of the Navajo Nation?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, let's go to the site visit, because the President of the Navajo Nation wanted to visit the site and you denied him. You would not take him to that site. We quote--this is from the Navajo President--``We requested a tour from the Environmental Protection Agency, but faced immediate resistance. Staff indicated they would only take us to the confluence of the Cement Creek and the Animas River.'' He goes on and on.    You did not allow them--the EPA would not allow them to go to the site. Why not?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you were doing it to protect them?    Chairman Chaffetz. They did not get there, and that is the testimony: ``We finally convinced them to take us within a half-mile of the point of release. We walked the rest of the way to the point of the release. There we saw a completely unblocked mine adit with an estimated 550-gallon-per-minute flow of bright opaque orange,'' and he goes on and on.    You did not do that. You did not call them, you did not communicate with them. You told the media before you told them. They wanted to go to the site, you would not do that. Then you have the gall to hand out Standard Form 95 and walk along the river and try to get them to do waiver forms; and you only did that after the President said, ``We are going to sue the EPA.''    Chairman Chaffetz. Why did you do that?    Chairman Chaffetz. You are not telling the truth. Here is the quote----    Chairman Chaffetz . From the President of the Navajo Nation, ``It was quick to dispatch staff to the Navajo communities to hand out Standard Form 95 and encourage members of the Navajo Nation to fill out forms to expedite settlement of their claims under the Federal Tort Claims Act, and apparently to obtain release from members of the Navajo Nation. But this was only after I''--again, from the President--``announced that the Navajo Nation would be suing the EPA.''    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you deny that your people were handing out this form?    Chairman Chaffetz. Standard Form 95--I encourage the media and everybody to look at it. It states, ``I certify that the amount of claim covers only damages and injuries caused by the incident above and agree to accept said amount in full satisfaction and final settlement of this claim.'' It is a settlement agreement.    Chairman Chaffetz. The record will reflect that, again, you are totally misleading, totally out of touch, and totally inappropriate in this instance.    Chairman Chaffetz. My time has expired. I will now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I ask unanimous consent to enter Standard Form 95 into the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman----    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time----    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time is expired. We are now going to recognize the gentlewoman from California, Mrs. Napolitano, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman. The gentlewoman's time has expired.    Chairman Chaffetz. We now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. We will now recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman, and I hope he has the guts to stand here and ask the President of the Navajo Nation if what we are doing here today is a farce.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well----    Chairman Chaffetz. We will see if you ask the Navajo Nation if it is a farce. We will now recognize the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Fleming, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. We will now recognize the gentlewoman from Massachusetts, Ms. Tsongas, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman. Sorry, the gentlewoman's time has expired. I now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman----    Chairman Chaffetz. Time has expired. We will now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. McClintock, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Lowenthal, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I now recognize the gentlewoman from Wyoming, Mrs. Lummis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman. We will now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman for his time. The time has expired. We will now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Duncan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you all for being here; and to those most directly affected, our hearts and prayers go out to those people. We thank you for your willingness and your time to come testify today. I am going to focus--given that it is part of Utah's Third Congressional District, affects a lot of districts and states, but, President Begaye, I want to ask you: the EPA Administrator said, ``The EPA has closely coordinated,'' and she goes on, to include the Navajo Nation. What is your assessment of the close coordination of the EPA?    Chairman Chaffetz. What happened when you tried to go visit the site? Describe to us--and our time is short, we have to be quick, but what happened when you went to go visit the site?    Chairman Chaffetz. I want to get the full accounting of this, but this is absolutely ridiculous. The President of the Navajo Nation is not allowed to go see what is happening to his people. It is a terrible embarrassment, and demands an apology, as well.    The last thing that I have time for, explain this Standard Form 95 and what was happening in the days after the spill to the people there in the Navajo Nation.