    Mr. Bolen. Well, thank you. I appreciate the opportunity to be here today.    It seems to me that, as we talk today about ATC reform, there are really three areas where we need to focus. First, we need to understand where we are today. Second, we need to understand where we want to be in the future. And, third, how best to get from where we are to where we want to be.    As Paul Rinaldi indicated in his statement, today the U.S. has the largest, the safest, the most diverse, the most complex, and the most efficient air transportation system in the world. It is currently enjoying the safest period of history that we have ever seen. But being the best today is not sufficient. In order for our country to thrive, we need to be the best 5, 10, 25 years from now. The question is how do we get there?    H.R. 4441, we believe, takes us down the wrong path. This bill takes our air traffic control system and turns it over to the big airlines. We think that is the wrong path. We think it is a dangerous path. We think it is a path that should be rejected, and here is why.    Our Nation's air traffic control system is a monopoly, and it will stay a monopoly, going forward. The airlines, for 30 years, have been lobbying Congress so that they can seize control of that natural monopoly and exert their authority over it. We think that is a fatally flawed concept. The public airspace belongs to the public, and it should be run for the public's benefit. Do we really think that, given control of this monopoly, the airlines would run it for every American's benefit? Reading the headlines over the past year would suggest that is probably not the case.    ``Airline consolidation hits small cities the hardest,'' wrote the Wall Street Journal. ``Justice Department investigating potential airline price collusion,'' wrote the Washington Post. ``Airline complaints on the rise'' was the headline in the Hill. ``Airlines reap record profits and passengers get peanuts.'' That appeared in the New York Times this past weekend.    Now, people have asked, ``If we give control to the airlines, what protections would consumers need, small towns need, general aviation need?'' But the very question itself is a tacit acknowledgment that protections are necessary. This is a little bit like someone saying, ``We want to put the fox in charge of the chicken coop. What do the chickens need in order to feel comfortable with that decision?'' We know that, ultimately, the fox is going to find its way around any protections, the chickens are going to be had. And when that happens, it is going to be too late to do anything about it.    When the full dangers of putting the airlines in charge of our Nation's air traffic control monopoly are understood, Congress will be left with no resource. We need to find a way forward. Status quo is not acceptable. But turning our air traffic control system over to the airlines is just a bad idea. It is a dangerous idea. We are talking about giving them unbridled authority to make decisions about access, about rates, charges, about infrastructure. This is a sweeping transfer of authority, it is breathtaking in its magnitude, and it is potentially deadly in its consequences.    We do not want to keep the status quo. We want to move forward. We don't want this path, however. We would advocate for targeted solutions to identified problems. We have talked about ways that we can address the funding issue. We are looking for ways to enhance business practices. We already know that the bill itself includes a lot of very important certification reforms.    As Mr. Larsen said, there is an awful lot that's very good in this bill. There is a lot of important stuff in this bill. But at the heart of it is this sweeping transfer of authority to the airlines that we believe is a poison pill. It is a poison pill for communities, a poison pill for customers, it is a poison pill for general aviation. And no amount of sugar coating is going to change that.    We believe this portion of the bill needs to be rejected, and we need to move forward with a long-term FAA reauthorization bill that is in the best interests of all Americans, not just those in large-hub cities, but including those in small towns and rural communities that depend on access to airports and to airspace, so that we can have a strong national economy and a strong air transportation system.    Mr. Bolen. Well, I think, as you indicated, the board itself starts with 10 people who then hire a chief executive officer. In most corporations, 30 percent or more is considered effective control. Here we start with the airlines controlling four seats. We then have the airline pilots. So airlines and their employees control five seats. We will then have people who are nominated to the board. Potentially, they could have airline backgrounds. And then this group will hire the CEO. So I think it is, by any definition, effective control of the system.    I just want to go back and touch on the flight delays between two cities. It is my understanding that a lot of the block times were increased because 20 years ago, 10 years ago, there was a lot of advantage for companies putting in the block times with the shortest terms possible, so that their flights would appear at the top of the computer reservation scheme. Today there is much more focus on predictability. So some of that gaming of the system and saying what the flight times would be to get a bump up in the computer system is now gone away.    Mr. Bolen. Well, I think the idea of strengthening the funding stream is key. That has been identified by everyone at the table as a challenge.    Mr. Bolen. Yes. And I think that can be addressed. If you look at the revenues that come in today through the dedicated aviation taxes, that provides a very strong revenue stream. It seems to me that the revenues that are generated by a dedicated tax on aviation could and should be used for the purpose for which they were intended.    So I think you could require mandatory spending, or automatic appropriations from the revenues that are coming in from the trust fund. And I think that would provide a strong base. I think you can also pass a long-term reauthorization bill. That would address some of the lapses that have been talked about. I think you could take steps to identify the U.S. air transportation system as fundamental to safety, so that it is not subject to some of the shutdowns that have been talked about.    In terms of management practices, I think we can do more to enhance performance, procurement, and accountability. And I think we can create a board that can focus on those things.    And then you have already addressed the certification, and I think that is a key part. You know, our members fly all over the world. And so they use all of those air traffic systems. And to a member, they believe that flying in the U.S. is the best system in the world. But they are very frustrated with other parts of the FAA, the approval parts, the certification parts.    We have an opportunity in this bill to address what is broken in the FAA. The air traffic control system is currently--as has been described--the gold standard, and progress is being made moving forward. So I think we are focusing on the wrong part of the FAA in this bill.    Mr. Bolen. I don't think there should be a board. I think the public airspace should be governed by the public's elected officials----    Mr. Bolen. No.    Mr. Bolen. Yes, it is, and that is one of our fundamental concerns about it.    Mr. Bolen. I think we should have as many protections as possible, and I am not sure those protections are going to be sufficient----    Mr. Bolen. Yes.    Mr. Bolen. Well, we are concerned about rural access to all of this. I mean what we are--have been told is that this new system is going to save billions of dollars. We have not seen where services and equipment are going to be cut. We haven't seen where jobs are going to be lost.    When we look at the protections today, as I understand them about access to airports, the protection is only based on the rates and charges one pays. This says nothing about the size of the airplane, the type of operation it is. We have seen in other parts of the world where commercial airplanes have priority over noncommercial airplanes, and there are a number of other ways that discrimination can take place. So that is a concern----    Mr. Bolen. Well, the bill itself is very vague.    My understanding is that it appears to be largely modeled after Canada. I had an opportunity to visit Nav Canada last summer. We asked specifically about concerns like that, noise concerns, for example. We were told that they have an opportunity to call up and register their concern, and that is the end of it.    We see that they also have that ability in determining levels of service and in rates and charges in Canada. They put forward, ``Here is what we want to do,'' and as long as they follow the methodology that they said that they would follow, then there is no real appeal to that.    So we think you are raising a concern that is very important.    Mr. Bolen. A couple weeks ago, 15 general aviation associations----    Mr. Bolen . Sent a letter saying that our concerns about----    Mr. Bolen . This go well beyond----    Mr. Bolen . The fee issue.    Mr. Bolen. And get to the structure.    Mr. Bolen. Financially, the last time we saw IRS (Internal Revenue Service] records was 8.5 percent.    Mr. Bolen. Well, we have, depending on how you look at the controlled flights, somewhere between 17 and 22 percent, and that is----    Mr. Bolen . ICAO has said you look at----    Mr. Bolen. Yes. But again, our concerns go well beyond the fee structure and get to who is in control of the airspace. We believe that the airlines----    Mr. Bolen. Again, we----    Mr. Bolen. We think this is a fundamentally flawed----    Mr. Bolen. Ensuring public access----    Mr. Bolen . To airports and airspace is fundamental, ensuring----    Mr. Bolen. I think a lot of the protections are supposed to come later. These are things that the board itself, I believe, is supposed to develop. But I----    Mr. Bolen. I think that is a legitimate concern.    Mr. Bolen. Well, they will have effective control.    Mr. Bolen. Well, I think the scope of power that is granted to the board should not include things like taxing authority. It should not include things like the ability to determine who can fly where and when. So there are some fundamental issues that go beyond just the structure of the board and the number of seats.    Mr. Bolen. So, you know, I think that is kind of a fundamental question, is should a board reflect the public's interest, and will it. And certainly currently, as it is structured, I don't believe that is what this bill does.    I think trying to fix it raises some questions about what is the scope of the authority that we have turned over. Taxing authority, as was said by the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, the ability to tax is the ability to destroy. And whether you call it a rate or a charge or a fee or anything else, that is what we are talking about doing by giving this board the ability to set rates and charges.    Mr. Bolen. Mr. Lipinski?    Mr. Bolen. At least in Canada they don't have that. And, as I understand from this bill, airspace redesign is not subject to that review.    Mr. Bolen. Well, I think you are hinting at exactly some of the concerns that we have raised.    I would like to go back and address a couple of other concerns----    Mr. Bolen. I think you are raising a very serious, very legitimate concern, and it gets to the heart of our concern about setting up this board.    I also want to point out that there are other concerns about some of the things that have been said related to taxes and fees that I think need to be corrected.    Mr. Bolen. That is not true.    Mr. Bolen. Well, I think I can tell you that today the U.S. has the safest air transportation system in the world. And we are currently experiencing the safest period in our aviation's history.    What--one of the reasons that safety is improving--and it is laid forth in a MITRE report--is that we have been adopting additional safety standards. I think what the report found is, regardless of governance structure, regardless of the type of organization, safety has been improving. But nowhere in the world is it safer than it is here, in the United States.    Mr. Bolen. I don't know whether safety will be compromised. I don't see any empirical data on safety. My concerns are primarily with access to airports and airspace. I think consumers will get hurt, I think small towns and rural communities will get hurt. I think general aviation operations will get hurt.    Mr. Bolen. Well, I think it is a leap of faith. I think we are being told that the costs are going to come down. We have not seen where there will be personnel savings, we have not seen where there will be closures. So that part is not laid out.    I will take a little bit of issue with what Bob Poole has said. There has actually only been a couple of countries that have moved air traffic out of Government entirely. So, you know, you are looking at Canada and the United Kingdom. You are not looking at 50 and 60 in all these other things. The rest of them are in Government. And what we saw with the United Kingdom, for example, is they did require a bailout when the economy went down.    With regard to the diverse groups that are not represented on the board, I think that is the challenge. We have the most diverse air transportation system in the world. It is constantly changing. It is constantly evolving. And the way that that community makes sure that its access to airports and airspace is protected is because of Congress, not because they were put into a board.    We are talking about turning this over to a monopoly, and letting the monopoly decide who can come in and who will stay out. I think it is a major concern.    Mr. Bolen. Well, I think it is an apples-to-oranges comparison. Canada is very different from the United States in the size, as you pointed out. They are also very different because they have all privatized airports in Canada. So I don't think it is an apples-to-apples comparison. And certainly the business aviation people I know up there have made that point over and over again.    I think it is, as I said before, a real leap of faith to think that doing this is going to make better technology and NextGen and all these other things necessarily happen. Certainly in the United States the general aviation community has been second to no one in pushing for the new technologies, in promoting NextGen. We were the first to equip with GPS. We were the first to fly those routes, and we continue to be pushing that, including the mandates for ADS-B.    So, I think the idea that we are going to solve all our problems by giving the system over to the airlines is, at best, a leap of faith, and I think it is a flawed premise.