    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It was interesting to listen to my colleague from California inquire about the role of the Russians in this election. And, I think, you know, the focus of this hearing is on the voting systems, but really the question is about the election and it's not limited to voting systems. And it's pretty clear that the Russians have attacked--have engaged in a cyber attack on the DNC and the DCCC. We've received reports on that. I thought it was unfortunate that the Republican candidate for President either thought it was a good idea or was making a joke about it--we don't know which. But this is a serious matter.    What we've been told is not just that the material has been taken but that the pattern of the Russians is not just to release material but to forge material and to alter it in an effort to try and impact outcomes of elections. And that's certainly--they have a history of cyber attacks in an attempt to discredit Democratic elections in Ukraine, in Bulgaria, Romania, the Philippines. So this is something I think we need to take very seriously. To my knowledge, this is the first time the Russians have actually so boldly attacked a Western democracy, in fact the most important democracy in the world.    Now, I think the focus of this hearing is unduly limited, and I agree that a large-scale attack on distributed voting precincts is unlikely to succeed, although I do think we've underestimated the potential impact of air-gap tabulation systems, and I think that is something to be concerned about.    But the question isn't really whether the actual vote tabulations could be altered because I don't think that's very likely, but whether chaos could be induced into the system. That is the goal of the attack on the Democratic Party, and I think it may also be the goal of the cyber attacks on the state systems.    What could be done with this voter information? Obviously, there are backups on the database so no one can alter who can actually vote. But what would happen if emails were sent to all of those voters or are just the Democratic voters telling them the date of the election had been changed or their precinct had been changed? Wouldn't that create chaos in a system if even a small percentage of those voters believed an email misadvising them?    I do think that there's a vulnerability in the overseas in system. The House Administration Committee has the primary jurisdiction over election systems, and I remember we had a hearing talking about our lack of concern, the lack of concern that electoral systems professionals had about emailing the ballot to overseas voters provided that the ballot itself was mailed in. The more we think about it, with these hackings, if you altered the ballot on the email, you would again create chaos in the electoral system.    So I think that's really the goal here is not necessarily to impact the tabulation, although there may be efforts to do it, but to create long lines if people go to the wrong places to create chaos and to attack the faith and the confidence that the American people have in their elections systems through long lines and all sorts of mischief.    I do think that to downplay the role that the Russians have had in this is a huge mistake when you take a look at what they did to the DNC and the DCCC. And I'll just close with this. I do think that it's been disappointing. The reaction has been disappointing that if you attack one of the major political parties, somehow that's okay if it could be to your advantage.    I like to think if the Russians had attacked the Republican National Committee the Democrats would be as outraged as Republicans because it's an attack on America. It's not an attack on a party. And the fact that there hasn't been outrage expressed at all levels of both parties about the effort of the Russians to disrupt this election is--it's sad commentary on leaders of that party and it also is very chilling when you think about what could happen come this November.    And I see that my time is expired. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.