    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'd like to thank the witnesses.    Mr. Powner, you mentioned that NOAA needs a clear policy on what analysis should drive the adjustment of satellite lifespans. Can you expand on that and----    Mr. Palmer. Let me ask you this. How can NOAA determine that appropriate progress has been made on implementing gap mitigation activities, Mr. Powner?    Mr. Palmer. In that regard, and Dr. Volz, you may want to comment on this, go back to Mr. Posey's question right there at the end about having--whether you've got a satellite, a backup system already in orbit or if you've got backup systems on the ground, do you have backup launch capabilities? Because if you do have a massive solar event or some other EMP-type event, would you have the capability to launch more satellites?    Mr. Palmer. What I'm asking is, and you may not be able to answer this if you're relying on other agencies, other parts of the government for the launch capability, but it's not just losing the asset in space, it's--if you had a catastrophic event like an EMP where your ground systems are eliminated, do you have backup systems or--you may not be able to answer this--are there backup systems that could launch, that have been hardened, that we could get in place to get something back in orbit?    Mr. Palmer. All right, Mr. Powner, I'm going to go back to you. For JPSS, your report from earlier this year focused on a potential gap in the 2015-2017 time frame. Are there similar concerns about a gap between the first and second JPSS satellites in the early 2020s?    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Chairman, I see my time is expired.    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Chairman, thank you for recognizing me. I'm trying to do my job.    Mr. Palmer. Exactly.    Mr. Volz, the President's budget requested $380 million for the Polar Follow-on program. Having seen the cost overruns and delays faced by the current satellites, I think maybe you can understand our hesitation to fully--or some of us, our hesitation to fully support fully funding this program. How exactly are these funds going to be used?    Mr. Palmer. Are those vendors building the components that you think are most crucial?    Mr. Palmer. That's 85 percent of the money, so the majority of the money's going to that?    Mr. Palmer. All right. Let me ask you one other question, or I'll ask one other question, Mr. Powner. In GAO's opinion, would NOAA incur higher costs if they did not receive all of the requested funds to initiate the polar follow-on programs?    Mr. Palmer. To close this, and I assume this will close the hearing, I just think, you know, handing NOAA another blank check to build satellites whenever they--when they can't get the ones that they have off the ground it appears a bit irresponsible, Mr. Chairman, and I think NOAA needs to fix their systematic problems that have plagued the program for years before we throw any more money at it.    I yield the balance of my time.