    Mr. Bucshon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding this hearing. Thank you all for being here.    I was a healthcare provider before and a heart surgeon, as probably many of you may or may not know. I trained at the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee, which Dr. Bailet is familiar with.    Mr. Bucshon. I'm going to make a couple of things--first of all, just to remind everyone, you know, provider reimbursement is about 8 to 10 percent of the overall healthcare dollar.    Obviously, MACRA was really--is extremely important but getting it right is even more important. But I think it's important for the American public to know that we still continue to have cost challenges in our healthcare system and addressing things at the provider level is only one part of the equation.    That's where, you know, I hope we're not talking about a zero sum game when it comes to specialists and primary care because primary care clearly has been under valued in our system.    That said, also as a specialist I can say that, you know, specialists are also very important. And so if we end up doing this very--this poorly where we address this as a zero sum game, resulting in provider reimbursement cuts for quality care depending on what type of medicine that you practice, the only thing that's really going to result is access issues for the America's seniors because of the--what I said earlier. It's only 8 to 10 percent of the overall healthcare dollar. That's why these hearings are extremely important.    So since I trained at the Medical College of Wisconsin I'm going to ask Dr. Bailet----    Mr. Bucshon. No, I know you're not testifying on behalf of this, but you were selected to chair the Physician Technical Advisory Committee, PTAC.    Mr. Bucshon. Can you just kind of go over and explain briefly to the committee what you perceive as the role of     Mr. Bucshon . Why you wanted to be part of it, and what role you think it's going to play in development of physician-led APMs.    Mr. Bucshon. That's great, and I had a conversation with CMS earlier this week about the RUC recommendations on provider reimbursement and I also spoke to them about PTAC and my hope would be as exactly as you say is that the recommendations that you're going to be creating in a very thoughtful and fact-based process, through a thoughtful and fact-based process we'll be taking into serious consideration in contrast to sometimes RUC recommendations on provider reimbursement which seem to mostly be ignored.    So developing these APMs can be a--I don't want to necessarily focus on you but this--but I have this question for you. It can be very difficult for small specialties in diverse skills and medicines.    Can you maybe--and anyone can discuss this--can you discuss the challenges with that and how PTAC might be able to engage in that discussion to help smaller practices and, you know, we talk about rural communities and others developing and participating in APMs.    Mr. Bucshon. My time has expired so----    Mr. Bucshon . And I appreciate that input, and I would just reiterate that we do have to make sure that all of our communities are included. Thank you.