    Mr. Roth. Chairman Sensenbrenner, Ranking Member Jackson Lee, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify here today to discuss Federal law enforcement misconduct within the Department of Homeland Security.    Inspectors General play a critical role in ensuring transparent, honest, effective, and accountable government. The personal and organizational independence of IG investigators, free to carry out their work without interference by agency officials, is essential in maintaining the public trust not only of the IG's work but of the DHS workforce as a whole.    Many DHS components have internal affairs offices that conduct investigations. Under the authority of the IG Act, the IG has oversight responsibility for those internal affairs offices. This oversight responsibility generally takes three forms.    First, we determine upon receipt of a complaint whether the allegations are of the type that should be investigated by the IG rather than the component's internal affairs office. A DHS management directive establishes the IG's right of first refusal to conduct investigations of misconduct by DHS employees.    Second, for those investigations the internal affairs offices conduct, we have the authority to receive reports on and monitor the status of those investigations.    Lastly, we conduct oversight reviews of DHS component internal affairs offices to ensure compliance with applicable policies, reporting requirements, and accepted law enforcement practices.    The Department employs more than 240,000 employees and nearly an equal number of contract personnel, including a large number of law enforcement officers and agents in the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Secret Service, and the Transportation Security Administration. We have about 200 investigators in headquarters and about 30 field offices across the country, which means we have less than one investigator for every thousand DHS employees.    Last year we received over 16,000 complaints. A substantial number of those complaints alleged DHS personnel engaged in misconduct. We initiated 564 investigations. The remainder were referred to component internal affairs offices, other agencies, or were closed. Our investigations resulted in 112 criminal convictions and 36 personnel actions. Thirteen of these convictions involved DHS law enforcement personnel, and 21 of the 36 personnel actions involved law enforcement. These convictions and personnel actions were for various offenses including theft, narcotics, child pornography and bribery.    In addition to the criminal matters we handled that are in my written testimony, we are also responsible for handling hundreds of complaints about employee misconduct. These include misuse of government assets, including government vehicles, failure to report certain contacts with foreign nationals, engaging in prohibited personnel practices, violation of conflict of interest restrictions on former DHS employees, violation of ethical standards concerning government employees, improper disclosure of classified or law enforcement-sensitive information, illegal drug use or excessive alcohol use, and domestic violence and other state and local crimes that affect fitness for duty.    Although a small percentage of our employees have committed criminal acts and other misconduct warranting sanctions, the behavior of these few should not be used to draw conclusions about the character, integrity, or work ethic of the many. I am personally grateful for the hard work and commitment to the mission demonstrated daily by the DHS workforce.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my prepared statement. I welcome any questions you or other Members of the Subcommittee may have.    Mr. Roth. Certainly. When we talk about border corruption, we are talking about criminal activity, largely. We work closely with the CBP internal affairs offices and the U.S. Attorney's Office----    Mr. Roth. They are addressing it, usually through criminal means.    Mr. Roth. There is no question that the Secret Service has taken steps to try to combat this problem. One of the issues that we have is we believe that there is a feeling among law enforcement officers, Secret Service officers, that they are not able to report misconduct up the chain because they will be either retaliated against or those complaints will be ignored. We think that is a serious problem within the Secret Service.    We do applaud the structural changes, for example in Mr. Hughes' group, that have been instituted as a result of our December 2013 inspection.    Mr. Roth. I think it is a difficult problem. I think the message has to be said loud and clear as to what is acceptable conduct, and there has to be the ability for agents to be able to report misconduct in a way that allows them to do so without fear of retaliation.    Mr. Roth. It is certainly a matter of concern any time that you have this kind of conduct that exposes the United States taxpayer to this kind of potential fiscal liability. We ought to be looking at that, and certainly that is something that we are considering as well.    Mr. Roth. I do not.