    Mr. Roth. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me here to testify today about airport security issues. Each day TSA is required to screen about 1.8 million passengers and about 3 million carryon bags at 450 airports nationwide. TSA faces a classic asymmetric threat. It cannot afford to miss a single, genuine threat without potentially catastrophic consequences. A terrorist, on the other hand, only needs to get it right once. TSA's 50,000 transportation security officers spend long hours performing tedious tasks that require constant vigilance. Complacency can be a huge problem. Ensuring consistency across DHS' largest work force would challenge even the best of organizations. Unfortunately, although nearly 14 years have passed since TSA's inception, we remain deeply concerned about its ability to execute its mission.    Since 2004 we have published more than 115 audit and inspection reports about TSA's programs and operations. We have issued hundreds of recommendations to attempt to improve TSA's efficiency and effectiveness. We have conducted a series of covert penetration tests, essentially testing TSA's ability to stop us from bringing in simulated explosives and weapons through checkpoints, as well as testing whether we could enter secure areas through other means. Although the results of those tests are classified, and we would be happy to brief any Member or their staffs in a secure setting with regard to our specific findings, we identified vulnerabilities caused by human and technology-based failures.    We have audited and reported on TSA's acquisitions. Our audit reports show that TSA faces significant challenges in contracting for goods and services. Despite spending billions on aviation security technology, our testing of certain systems has revealed no resulting improvement.    We have examined the performance of TSA's work force, which is largely a function of who is hired and how they are trained and managed. Our audits have repeatedly found that human error, often a simple failure to follow protocol, poses significant transportation security vulnerabilities. We have looked at how TSA plans for, buys, deploys, and maintains its equipment and have found challenges at every step in the process. These weaknesses have real and negative impact on transportation security as well.    Additionally, we have looked at how TSA assesses risk in determining expedited screening. We applaud TSA's efforts to use risk-based passenger screening because it allows TSA to focus on high or unknown risk passengers instead of known, vetted passengers who pose less risk. However, we have deep concerns about some of TSA's decisions about the level of risk.    We recently assessed the PreCheck Initiative. As a result of that inspection, we concluded that some of the methods that the TSA used in determining risk are sound approaches to increasing the PreCheck population. But other methods, specifically some of TSA's risk assessment rules, create security vulnerabilities. Based on our review, we believe TSA needs to modify the Initiative's vetting and screening processes. Unfortunately TSA did not concur with the majority of our recommendations. We believe that this represents TSA's failure to understand the gravity of the situation.    As an example of PreCheck's vulnerabilities, we recently reported that, through risk assessment rules, a notorious felon was granted expedited screening through PreCheck. The traveler was a former member of a domestic terrorist group and while a member was involved in numerous felonious criminal activities that led to arrest and conviction. After serving a multiple-year prison sentence, the traveler was released. Notwithstanding the fact that the transportation security officer recognized the traveler based on media coverage, that traveler was permitted to use expedited screening.    TSA has taken some steps to implement our recommendations and address security vulnerabilities. Nevertheless, some problems appear to persist. While TSA cannot control all risks to transportation security, many issues are well within their control. Sound planning and strategies for efficiently acquiring, using, and maintaining screening equipment that operates at full capacity to detect dangerous items, for example, would go a long way toward improving overall operations. Better training and better management of transportation security officers would help mitigate the effects of human error, which can never be eliminated but can be reduced. Taken together, TSA's focus on its management practices and its oversight of its technical assets and work force would help enhance security as well as customer service for air passengers.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my prepared Statement. I welcome any questions you or other members of the Committee may have.    Mr. Roth. I am, sir.    Mr. Roth. We are deeply concerned----    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. Yes.    Mr. Roth. Yes.    Mr. Roth. It is, sir.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. That's my understanding.    Mr. Roth. We found significant human error.    Mr. Roth. I can't testify about that.    Mr. Roth. Both the IG as well as GAO have done work on that.    Mr. Roth. Yes.    Mr. Roth. Yes.    Mr. Roth. We have done some work on that. In 2013, we had an audit where we found that the backlog was so great that TSA allowed airports simply to grant the SITA badges without a background check being done at the time.    Mr. Roth. Just briefly, yes. I believe that the best technology solutions in the world, if the work force is not trained to use them, does not follow the protocols that they're supposed to use, is useless.    Mr. Roth. It is a massive job. When you talk about the number of SITA badges that are out there. For example, in 2012, we reported that there were 3.7 million badges for secured areas, so the idea of trying to keep that secure with that size, 450 airports across the country, it's just a massive job; 50,000 TSOs, 46,000 transportation security officers. We have initiated a number of criminal investigations against individuals, which is I think typical any time you get a work force that size who has that responsibility, so it is a massive job.    Mr. Roth. I have not looked at that. I'm not sure if GAO has looked at that or not, but I'm not sure.    Mr. Roth. We have not looked at that policy.    Mr. Roth. What you're referring to are what's called the AIT machines, which is Advanced Imaging Technology machines, where you have to sort of put your hands up and then the things go. We are doing some covert testing on that as we speak. We'll write a classified report with regard to that. Early returns give us some concern.    Mr. Roth. Whether they are effective.    Mr. Roth. I think it is severalfold. You know, one is oversight, TSA itself has what they call I think red teams, which go in and do testing on systems and individuals to ensure that they get it right. We obviously do covert testing as well. And then I think it is it is a matter of training. As in the military, if there is a training culture that you do a certain protocol the same way every single time, then you're going to at least lower the incidence of human error.    Mr. Roth. The results that we have found have shown that there is room for improvement.    Mr. Roth. I think there needs to be more of an emphasis on training, yes.    Mr. Roth. We are doing some ongoing review of TSA's security controls, so my answer will be preliminary, but my understanding based on my conversations with TSA officials is once a badge goes missing, it is turned off. So this has to be sort of a two-factor authentication, you have to take the badge and swipe it to be able to enter secure areas.    The difficulty of course is this idea of piggybacking, somebody else opens the door and you walk through, or other ways to be able to gain access to these secure areas. And that is the whole challenge behind these access badges, right? If you work in a McDonald's at the airport, you get a badge, and then you quit the next day and you still have that badge. And it's incumbent on the airport to report that to TSA so that badge gets turned off, and it is a vulnerability.    Mr. Roth. It is a joint responsibility, as I understand it.    Mr. Roth. Well, if you have access to secure areas, that means you have access to the aircraft, the dangers there I think are self-evident.    Mr. Roth. As I said, we're in the middle of an audit of this exact problem, so unfortunately I can't give you a complete answer as I sit here today.    Mr. Roth. Oh, absolutely.    Mr. Roth. Well, at this point I think I'd have to defer until we get our audit completed so we can make recommendations to TSA, first figure out what it is that we find and then make recommendations that make some sense.    Mr. Roth. We are about to come out with a report with regard to that, to check the TSA's efficacy on doing criminal background checks. And I know GAO has done some work on that in the past.    Mr. Roth. Well, there would be one for every TSA employee who has a SIDA badge. So----    Mr. Roth. No. And you know, we have a number of investigations that are set forth in my testimony in regard----    Mr. Roth. Well, absolutely there needs to be vigilance or criminal investigative presence against the TSA employees.    Mr. Roth. Absolutely.    Mr. Roth. It does. And in fact, in the PreCheck program it does require self-reporting, there is no continuous pinging of the criminal justice system to figure out whether, you know, if I apply for PreCheck and then I get convicted of a crime a year later my PreCheck is still good for 5 years. If I don't report that to TSA, TSA is not going to know about it.    Mr. Roth. I don't have that information.    Mr. Roth. Unfortunately most of those are either sensitive security information or classified, so it is difficult to talk about them. But we have made recommendations that TSA really needs to rethink how it is that they use the risk assessment rules. They have largely disagreed with our recommendations.    Mr. Roth. My answer, Mr. Clay, was referring to the PreCheck employees, that there was no recurrent vetting and it required sort of a voluntary disclosure. I'm not sure about the employees.    Mr. Roth. I think there is significant room for improvement. It is a massive task. I mean when you talk about, for example, security background checks on individuals that hold the passes to the secure areas, you're talking about 3.7 million people that you would have to give a background check for. This is a massive, massive challenge.    Can TSA tighten up? Absolutely. And the reports that we have written over the course of the years I think show there are areas where they can tighten up, but we need to understand the scope and significance of the problem that TSA faces.    Mr. Roth. I think any time that you add size, you get complexity, and so enhanced complexity of course always leads to challenges, but to your specific question, unfortunately we haven't done any specific work in that area so it's difficult for me to comment.    Mr. Roth. My understanding based on conversations with TSA is that they are reducing both Managed Inclusion and some of the other methods they use to put people into expedited screening. And as more people apply to PreCheck and get vetted they are going reduce that. But it is still something that they use, something that we are concerned about.    Mr. Roth. Well, my concerns are that these are unknown passengers, they are unknown to TSA, which means they are unknown risk. And any time you have an unknown risk passenger going through expedited screening, which is inherently less secure, you have a security vulnerability.    Mr. Roth. Well, we made a number of recommendations, again many of those are nonpublic recommendations, but they've largely nonconcurred with those recommendations, which we believe shows a lack of appreciation of the seriousness of the problem.    Mr. Roth. They simply disagree with the level of risk. They believe it is a level of risk that's acceptable. As the IG I believe that it is not. One of the reasons I invite a classified briefing on this is because every time I give a classified briefing, Members of Congress tend to agree that it is an unacceptable risk.    Mr. Roth. Well, we're the independent auditor, so that means we are objective and we look, you know, while we are in----    Mr. Roth. I apologize for that. Yes, we have a disagreement, a fundamental disagreement about what level of risk is acceptable.    Mr. Roth. My understanding of TSA's position is that, that is the responsibility of the airport itself and not of TSA. We have not looked at that specific issue, so I don't have any specifics with regard to their response.    Mr. Roth. My understanding is that TSA takes the position that it's the airport's responsibility and not TSA's. Again, that's based on my understanding, but we haven't done any work in this area.    Mr. Roth. I am.    Mr. Roth. It's a couplefold. It's my understanding is that TSA will go through and they will in fact audit these things and have an entire office of inspection----    Mr. Roth. I don't have the answer to that. One of the other things that we do, for example, what we are doing now is we are conducting an independent audit of TSA's processes and controls for doing this. We were as concerned as I suspect you were with regard to the media reports. And so we are taking a look at that very issue.    Mr. Roth. We do not.    Mr. Roth. Yes, sir.