    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you, very much, Mr. Pallone. Let it be said that our colleague from Pennsylvania set a record today. Thank you, Mike Doyle. I thought you were going to eat up all of that time.    But thank you, Mr. Pallone. Let me begin by sharing with my colleagues and thanking the commissioners for their incredible work and thank you for coming today.    I join my many other colleagues in applauding the Commission for expanding the Lifeline program to subsidize broadband services but I am afraid one of the unintended consequences of the current proposal would be the creation of a copay requirement on low-income participants of Lifeline, as well as a phase out of voice-only.    And so, Mr. Chairman, I urge the Commission to preserve a no-charge option for Lifeline participants who may not be able to afford even a modest co-pay and to maintain a voice-only option. It is crucial. It is crucial for Lifelinebeneficiaries in my congressional district and across the country that the expansion of the program to include broadband will not be at the expense of essential voice services.    Regarding the set top box proposal, I am also concerned with the potential for many unintended consequences like many of those raised in the Op Ed written by Henry Waxman, including the ability to enforce copyright protections for content creators and distributors as well as the potential negative impact the proposal could have on diversity and inclusion of minority voices.    Along with other stakeholders, I am concerned that the proposal could lead to a new forum of digital redlining. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to include three items into the record.    Very briefly, the first letter is addressed to Chairman Wheeler signed by ten civil rights organizations urging the Commission to postpone the set top box proposal until a study can be conducted.    Mr. Butterfield. Second is an Op-Ed from our good friend, Henry Waxman, that cautions the Commission to explore the myriad of unintended consequences that could arise from the set top box proposal.    Mr. Butterfield. Finally, the third is a copy of comments filed by the Center on budget and policy priorities, which urges the Commission to not require any cost sharing in order to participate in the Lifeline program because evidence shows that doing so would dampen low-income households' ability to participate. \1\---------------------------------------------------------------------------    \1\ The information has been retained in committee files and is also available at http://docs.house.gov/meetings/IF/IF16/20160322/104714/HHRG-114-IF16-20160322-SD010.pdf.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you.    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    With that, I yield back and I thank you.