    Mr. Marino. The Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law will come to order.    Good morning everyone. I apologize for the delay. We all have three or four things going on at once, starting at 7 in the morning. So without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time. We welcome everyone to today's hearing on H.R. 2947, the ``Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2015.'' I will now recognize myself for an opening statement.    Last Congress, the Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act was reported favorably by this Committee and passed the House under suspension of the rules. This week, the legislation was reintroduced, and today, we build on last year's record by further examining the bill. In the wake of the financial crisis of 2008, Congress enacted the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. That legislation was intended to address, among other things, the potential failure of large financial institutions.    While the Dodd-Frank Act created a regulatory process for such an event, the Act states that the preferred method of resolution for a financial institution is through the bankruptcy process. However, the Dodd-Frank Act did not make any amendments to the bankruptcy code to account for the unique characteristics of a financial institution. The legislation before us today fills that void.    The Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act is the product of years of study by industry, legal, and financial regulatory experts, as well as bipartisan review over the course of three separate Subcommittee hearings last Congress. The legislation includes several provisions that improve the ability of a financial institution to be resolved through the bankruptcy process. It allows for a speedy transfer of a financial firm's assets to a newly formed company. That company would continue the firm's operations for the benefit of its customers, employees, and creditors, and ensure the financial stability of the marketplace.    This quick transfer is overseen by, and subject to the approval of an experienced bankruptcy judge, and includes due process protections for parties-in-interest. The bill also creates an explicit rule in the bankruptcy process for the key financial regulators. In addition, there are provisions that facilitate the transfer of derivative and similarly structured contracts to the newly formed company. This will improve the ability of the company to continue the financial institution's operations.    Finally, the legislation recognizes the factually and legally complicated questions presented by the resolution of financial institutions. To that end, the bill provides that specialized bankruptcy and appellate judges will be designated in advance to preside over these cases.    The bankruptcy process has long been favored as the primary mechanism for dealing with distressed and failing companies. This is due to its impartial nature, adherence to established precedent, judiciary oversight, and grounding in the principles of due process and the rule of law. We are here today as part of an effort to structure a bankruptcy process that is better equipped to deal with the specific issues raised by failing financial firms.    As an original cosponsor of the bill, I look forward to hearing from today's expert panel of witnesses on the merits of the Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act and whether any further refinements to the bill are necessary. I now recognize the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law, Mr. Hank Johnson, for his opening statement. Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Mr. Johnson.    The Chair now recognizes the Chairman of the full Judiciary Committee, Congressman Goodlatte of Virginia for his opening statement.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Chairman.    The Chair recognizes the full Judiciary Committee Ranking Member, Congressman Conyers from the State of Michigan for his opening statement.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Congressman Conyers.    Without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made part of the record. The Chair will begin by swearing in our witnesses before introducing them. Would you please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you swear that the testimony you're about to give before this Committee is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Let the record reflect that the witnesses have answered in the affirmative. Thank you. Please be seated.    I will now introduce each of the witnesses before anyone gives their opening statement. Mr. Don Bernstein is a partner at Davis Polk, where he heads the firm's insolvency and restructuring practice. During his distinguished 35-year career, he has represented nearly every major financial institution in numerous restructurings, as well as leading a number of operating firms through bankruptcy, including Ford, LTV Steel, and Johns Manville. Mr. Bernstein has earned multiple honors for his practice, including being elected by his peers as the chair of the National Bankruptcy Conference, the most prestigious professional organization in the field. Mr. Bernstein received his A.B. (Cum laude) from Princeton University and his JD from the University of Chicago Law School. Thank you, Mr. Bernstein, for being here    Mr. Stephen Hessler is a partner in the restructuring group of Kirkland & Ellis. His practice involves representing debtors, creditors, and investors in complex corporate Chapter 11 cases, out-of-court restructurings, acquisitions, and related trial and appellate litigation. In addition to practicing law, Mr. Hessler is an author and frequent lecturer on a variety of restructuring related topics, including, as a professor at the University of Pennsylvania, where he teaches a restructuring class to both law school and Wharton students. Mr. Hessler has been recognized by both Chambers and Turnarounds & Workouts as an outstanding restructuring lawyer. Mr. Hessler received his BA and JD from the University of Michigan, where he served as the managing editor of Michigan's Law Review. Welcome.    Mr. Richard Levin is a partner in the Bankruptcy, Workout and Corporate Reorganization Practice of Jenner & Block. Mr. Levin is the current chair of the National Bankruptcy Conference, a fellow of the American College of Bankruptcy, and a lecturer of bankruptcy law at the Harvard Law School. In almost 40 years of practice, Mr. Levin has gained a reputation as one of the foremost restructuring, bankruptcy and creditor/debtor rights lawyers. Notably, Mr. Levin served as a bankruptcy counsel to the House Judiciary Committee and was one of the principal authors of the 1978 U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Mr. Levin received his undergraduate degree from MIT and his JD from Yale Law School where he served as editor of Yale Law Review. Welcome, Mr. Levin.    Mr. Marino. Each of the witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety, and I ask each of the witnesses to summarize their statements, you've been through this before, in 5 minutes or less. To help you stay within your time, you see the lights in front of you, but as I do, when I'm sitting at that table making a statement, I'm concentrating on making my statement and not watching the lights.    So what I will politely and diplomatically do if it gets too far over the 5 minutes, is I will reach for the gavel and just sort of raise it to get your attention, and ask you to succinctly come to a close in your statement.    I'm going to recognize our witnesses for their opening statement. Mr. Bernstein.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Attorney Bernstein. See it works very subtilely.    Mr. Marino. Attorney Hessler, please.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Attorney Hessler.    Mr. Marino. Attorney Levin, did I--am I pronouncing it correctly? Levin or Levin?    Mr. Marino. Levin. I apologize for the mispronunciation.    Mr. Marino. Please, your opening statement.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Attorney Levin.    Mr. Marino. The Chair will now start by asking questions of the panel, and I ask my colleagues to keep their questions at 5 minutes or less and give you ample time to answer    Mr. Bernstein, I would like to start with you for a moment. We know that banks have increased their liquidity reserves, but if a bank were to fail and the bridge company--would the bridge company still have to receive some type of loan to cover the issue concerned, or do banks have enough liquidity to keep those loans at a minimum?    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Attorney Hessler, you stated in your last, I think, testimony about your reservations concerning the single point of entry approach, and have you come up with an alternative to that? Would you please explain that in a little more detail? I did it get it in your opening statement, but could you elaborate on it, please?    Mr. Marino. Please.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Attorney Levin, you talk about the regulators having a role in this, and I do agree that they should have a role in this, but their decisions, in part, are subjective. How can we assure that at least their subjective findings are going to be consistent? I have a concern when so many subjectivity is involved in this situation by someone who is not a judge or an experienced bankruptcy judge, please.    Mr. Marino. Quickly, please    Mr. Marino. Thank you. My time is expired. The Chair recognizes the Ranking Member, the gentleman from Georgia, Congressman Johnson.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes the Vice-Chairman of the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Farenthold.    Mr. Marino. Thank the Chair recognizes the Ranking Member of the full Judiciary Committee, Congressman Conyers.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Congressman Trott.    Mr. Marino. The Chair now recognizes the Congresswoman from the State of Washington, Ms. DelBene.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Congressman Radcliffe.    Mr. Marino. Seeing no other Congressmen or women, this concludes today's hearing. I want to thank the witnesses for attending, I want to thank our guests for attending. And each time I have an opportunity to listen to you gentlemen I learn something so thank you very much for today's testimony.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    This hearing is adjourned.