    Mr. Salmon. This subcommittee will come to order. Members present will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the official hearing record. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 calendar days to allow statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record, subject to the length limitation in the rules.    In recent months, violent attacks in Europe and expanding jihadist networks in Northern Africa have provided tragic and senseless reminders of the threat that terrorism and extremism pose to the world. As we discuss the global fight against the threat of terrorism, we don't first think of Southeast Asia. But this vibrant region, home to nearly 40 percent of the world's Muslim population, is also a crucial part of the global war on terror. Southeast Asia captures less U.S. media attention than other headline-grabbing flash points, but the region's efforts to combat extremism are vital to maintaining stability in some of the world's most successful Muslim majority states and ultimately to protecting the security of our homeland.    Today, we will discuss Southeast Asia's efforts to counter the threat of violent extremism, many of them successful, as well as possible opportunities for improvement. In this hearing, we will focus on the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia, but Southeast Asia as a whole is at particular risk for extremist activity.    This area is home to a large Muslim population, very porous borders, and persistent governance challenges and development needs. Militant Islamic separatists and terrorists have operated in the region for decades, but the fight against such groups has yielded some successes for the United States and our partners.    The Southern Philippine Islands have long been home to active Islamist separatist and terrorist organizations. President Bush included the Philippines as part of the front lines of the global war on terror following 9/11 and launched an effort that helped the Filipinos significantly degrade these groups. These are due, in large part, to joint counterterror operations between Philippine and U.S. Armed Forces as well as close integration between our counterterrorism and development assistance.    The Aquino administration has also made significant progress toward settling Islamic separatist violence in Mindanao with the signing of the comprehensive agreement on the Bangsamoro despite the Philippine Congress' slow progress toward implementing the terms of the agreement.    Although the Philippines has enjoyed some success, it continues to feel the pain of extremist activities. Eighteen Filipino soldiers were killed earlier this week in a clash with the Abu Sayyaf Group.    Islamist militancy has similarly been a decades-long challenge for Indonesia. Indonesia has seen more than its share of domestic terrorist attacks, including the horrific Bali bombings in 2002 and several other attacks in the following years. In response, the Government of Indonesia has built up formidable counterterror capabilities in its military and its police force thanks, in part, to the considerable U.S. capacity building. It has taken great strides in countering military recruitment by marginalizing those who advocate violence and convincing the vast majority of Indonesians that such acts run counter to the teachings of Islam.    However, the Muslim majority nation of 253 million people continues to suffer tragic terrorist attacks, most recently the bomb and gunfire attack in Jakarta in January of this year. Observers credit the Indonesian Government, including the gift leadership of President Jokowi for the comparatively minor damage that the attack caused.    While Malaysia doesn't have a history of indigenous separatists or insurgencies carrying out terrorist attacks, its government has recognized the rising threat posed by global Islamic radicalism and has taken significant measures to counteract this threat. Malaysia continues to promote the moderate practice of Islam and has shifted resources to preventing militancy from taking root in its outlying provinces. Malaysia also continues to step up its counterterrorism cooperation multilaterally and bilaterally including support from ASEAN and participation in the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL.    We have got to ensure that the positive momentum in the fight against extremism in Southeast Asia is not lost. Unfortunately, these successes have been put at risk by changes in the landscape of extremism. Most concerning is the influence of Islamic State, its malicious and viral technology and the internationalization of violence that it promotes. Hundreds of Southeast Asians have joined the Islamic State's ranks in Syria and Iraq to forge new transnational links between the Islamic State and indigenous Southeast Asian extremists. The Islamic State has reached out to Southeast Asians through social media encouraging acts of violence. There is no formal Islamic State affiliate in Southeast Asia today, but there is a threat. The linkage of the Islamic State could empower militants and rekindle a broader terrorist threat in the region.    As global terror and extremism evolves, our strategy must do the same. Today, we are going to discuss how these new challenges will affect counterterror and counter violent extremism in the region.    I was just recently in Indonesia within the last couple of weeks and I met with the newly-appointed Minister of Counterterrorism, an upgrade, I guess, from being the Chief of Police. And I can tell you that this is front and center on their minds and they are very, very concerned about potential calamities in addition to the ones they have already had. But I was able to go to one of the madrasas and meet with some of the student leaders and I was really impressed with the caliber of these young people that I met and the fact that they stand with us against extreme factions with Islam.    I look forward to hearing from our distinguished panel to develop a better understanding of the administration's strategy for this crucial aspect of U.S. foreign policy and to identify further concerns that may need attention from the committee. And I would like to recognize the ranking member today, Ms. Gabbard.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. We are joined today by Mr. W. Patrick Murphy, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Southeast Asia in the Department of State's Bureau of East Asia and the Pacific; Dr. Marie Richards, Deputy Counterterrorism Coordinator for Regional and Multilateral Affairs in the Department's Bureau of Counterterrorism; and Ms. Gloria Steele, Senior Deputy Assistant Administrator in the U.S. Agency for International Development's Bureau for Asia.    And we are really grateful to have all of these witnesses today, and we look forward to learning more about what is going on within the administration to deal with these issues and we will first turn to Mr. Murphy.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. Dr. Richards.    Mr. Salmon. Thanks, Dr. Richards. Ms. Steele.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you very much. We will begin with some questions. Southeast Asian nations have very porous borders, making it difficult to track terrorists and challenging to prevent the movement of terror groups. What capabilities do the governments in Southeast Asian countries have to track foreign terrorists who are entering their borders, domestic terrorists moving within a country, and domestic terrorists going abroad for training? What is the current level of information also that is being shared between the United States and Southeast Asia nations?    Can I start with you, Mr. Murphy?    Mr. Salmon. Dr. Richards, did you want to comment also?    Mr. Salmon. That kind of segues to my next question because the United States and Australia have contributed extensive assistance to the development of Indonesia's elite counter terrorism unit, Detachment 88. How do you assess the track record of Detachment 88? And how can the United States further assist this unit? Is it successful enough that we could try to duplicate it in other countries? And do you believe that Indonesia's counterterrorism efforts and particularly Detachment 88 have demonstrated sufficient regard for human rights and legal processes. Mr. Murphy?    Mr. Salmon. So what can we do to maybe--maybe not exact duplicates, but similar approaches in other countries or would that be productive?    Mr. Salmon. Well, my time has expired. So I will turn to Representative Gabbard.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Salmon. If you don't mind, I would like to ask one more question. I mentioned that when I was over there I visited one of the madrasas. I think when a lot of my constituents hear the term madrasa, they conjure up something in their mind because some of these madrasas in the Middle East have been used for recruiting purposes and indoctrinating purposes. But I learned while I was there that the term madrasa just means boarding school. That is the term that they use and it is a very typical way of educating the children.    You mentioned, Mr. Murphy, that you are very concerned about the radicalization, the recruiting that happens in prison. Are you concerned about that possibly happening in some of the schools? And how well do you think these governments are doing at dealing with those threats as well?    Mr. Salmon. If I could just say, the folks in our embassy there were second to none. They were amazing, really, really talented, wonderful individuals and I couldn't be prouder. But every time I go across the world and I visit an embassy, I always feel the same. I think that they are the brightest and the best that we have to offer in our society and I really appreciate the great work that they do.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. Representative Gabbard, did you have another question? No. Well, thank you very, very much. This has been very, very helpful. We appreciate you coming and sharing what the administration is doing in Southeast Asia about global terrorism. So thank you very much. We appreciate it and without further ado, this meeting is adjourned.