    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks for holding this hearing. I happen to be one of those brand new users, just acquired a couple of weeks ago. I kind of wish I had been a part of this hearing before I bought this. However, I am excited to be part of the wearable technology consumer base, and, in fact, bought several of these for my parents and in-laws for the holidays.    And so we often think about fitness trackers when we hear wearable technology, and so we are certainly learning a lot, and when, in preparing for this hearing, learning about innovations in manufacturing. In Indiana where I am from, is a heavy manufacturing State, one of the top manufacturing States in the country.    And so, Mr. Bianculli--I am not sure I caught----    Mrs. Brooks . Bianculli, what kind of cost savings--can you talk a little bit more about wearables with respect to manufacturing?    Mrs. Brooks. What kind of cost savings can be expected in this area, and how do we achieve this in the manufacturing sector?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. Ms. Burich. So my daughter was a college athlete and--but many--several years ago, and so none of this technology. In fact, when she was in youth soccer, that is when Under Armour came to be, OK. So just talking about that type of advancement during this time period and now all of this wearable technology. What do you anticipate--how do you anticipate it being used from the youth--the youth sector all the way up to the professional athlete sector?    Mrs. Brooks. Can you turn your mike on, please.    Mrs. Brooks. And these kids at all ages are so tech savvy from a very, very young age----    Mrs. Brooks. --so they are going to love this.    Mr. Webster, just shifting gears very briefly, you talked about the spectrum. Are most wearable devices operating on unlicensed spectrum or licensed spectrum, if you know, and could the spectrum be an obstacle hindering widespread adoption of these devices? We are getting ready to have an auction with respect to the spectrum. Can you just talk a little bit more about the spectrum issues?    Mrs. Brooks. Right.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. Thank you all for your testimony. I yield back.