    Ms. DeGette. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. This is a really important hearing. We have been worried for quite some time here in Congress and at the agencies about the risk of resistant antibiotics. And this report last month about the superbug has been quite concerning to all of us.    The bacterium's resistance to colistin is particularly concerning because in this country physicians use colistin as the treatment of last resort when other antibiotics are no longer effective. Public health experts fear that this gene could jump to other bacteria that are already resistant to most other antibiotics.    Here is another observation about Dr. Frieden. He said, ``It basically shows that the end of the road isn't very far away for antibiotics, that we may be in a situation where we have patients in our intensive care units or patients getting urinary tract infections for which we do not have antibiotics.''    Obviously, we are all concerned about this, and I know all the witnesses and the members share this concern. We really don't want to revert to a time when physicians no longer have the tools to treat infections. Even common and once easily treated infections could once again prove life-threatening.    That this newest superbug has emerged on our home turf should not surprise us. Public health and infectious disease experts have been sounding the alarm for years. But I hope that this new discovery will lend urgency to efforts to monitor and fight antibiotic resistance.    The CDC has reported for decades that overuse of antibiotics and poor hygiene practices in hospitals and other inpatient health care settings contribute to the formation of drug-resistant bacteria. For example, studies showed that 30 to 50 percent of antibiotics prescribed in hospitals were unnecessary or inappropriate. Public health experts have similarly warned us about overprescribing of antibiotics in outpatient settings. A recent Pew study, for example, found that about 30 percent of all outpatient office visits in the U.S. resulted in the prescribing of an antibiotic, but 30 percent of those, which is almost 50, 5-0 million prescriptions are unnecessary.    Now, in the last decade these issues have received increased attention and funding, but as our witnesses will testify today, there is still far more to do. And I want to hear from our witnesses in particular in two different areas. The first one is antibiotic stewardship programs, which can both decrease the spread of infections and reduce the inappropriate use of antibiotics.    We need to improve public health education to ensure that patients and physicians understand how and when antibiotics should be prescribed. We need such stewardship programs both in health care facilities like hospitals and also in communities. I am hoping I can hear from our witnesses about antibiotic stewardship and whether we are seeing positive outcomes from current efforts.    I also am interested to see how antibiotic stewardship programs can result in more appropriate and effective use of antibiotics in animals. I think more needs to be done to shed a light on these issues, and I am interested to see what the witnesses will have to say. I do wish that we had a witness from the USDA because antibiotic overuse in animals is a really big problem.    The second area I want to hear about is the development of new antibiotics, diagnostics, and even vaccines to address the issue of antibiotic resistance. All of these agencies today play a critical role in the development of new drugs and other tools.    I can't lose the opportunity to talk about our wonderful bill that Chairman Upton and I have cosponsored, along with all the other members of this subcommittee. Earlier this year, the 21st Century Cures Act passed out of the Energy and Commerce Committee unanimously and was then passed by the full House on an overwhelming basis. The bill includes the text of the Antibiotic Development to Advance Patient Treatment Act, or ADAPT Act. This is a really important bill that was originally cosponsored by Congressman Green and Congressman Shimkus, and it creates a new FDA approval pathway for limited population antibacterial drugs.    This legislation is designed to provide an approval process for drugs that affect a limited population of patients with serious or life-threatening infections or for drugs that fill an unmet need. We really need to pass the ADAPT Act. The easiest way to do this is of course for the Senate to pass the 21st Century Cures bill, and frankly, we keep hearing assurances that this will be happening any day. So maybe this urgent issue can be used to help enact this important law into law.    So, Mr. Chairman, I really want to thank you for having this hearing. It is an important one. And I want to thank our witnesses again for coming today, and I yield back.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As I said in my opening, I want to talk about how we can incentivize development of new antibiotics, and as we heard, earlier this year BARDA and NIAID collaborated to establish the Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria, or CARB, by a pharmaceutical accelerator. So, Dr. Hatchett, I am wondering if you can tell me very briefly why this program is important.    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you. And, Dr. Woodcock, I want to follow up on this because when you testified before this committee in 2014 about 21st Century Cures, you talked about this issue of lack of commercial incentives for drug developers and that being a reason why we don't have new investigational drugs. Can you quickly update us on what the situation is since 2014 with this? Do we have some promising drugs in the pipeline? Are we fixing some of these commercial issues?    Ms. DeGette. Range. Range.    Ms. DeGette. So Chairman Murphy and I got a letter yesterday from the Infectious Disease Society of America, and that organization said in their letter that the administration promised to release a report and recommendations on economic incentives for antibiotics, but the reported recommendations have not been released. I am wondering what the status of that report is and when it will be released.    Ms. DeGette. I wish you would, thanks, because maybe that can help illuminate--yes, Dr. Hatchett?    Ms. DeGette. All right. Does anybody here know what this report is and when we are going to get it?    Ms. DeGette. Dr. Dixon, can you talk to me about the clinical trials that are going on on strategies for using existing drugs more effectively?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. OK.    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you very much. I want to ask Dr. Bell a quick question about why improved diagnostics are an important part of addressing the threat of antibiotics resistance.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.