    Mrs. Napolitano. I defer to Mr. DeFazio.    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you so very much, Mr. Chairman, you are very gracious, and thank you for today's hearing on the Corps and the Tennessee Valley Authority. Thank you for our witnesses, and look forward to the testimony and thoughtful dialogue during the questioning.    And Assistant Secretary Darcy and Lieutenant General Bostick, I just want to thank you for the amazing work that your staff does in California in helping with the local agencies, the flood control, harbor maintenance, the job response, et cetera, but more specifically, for Brigadier General Toy who has been excellent in working, his deputy Sherry Peterson and Colonel Colloton. They are just amazing people with David Van Dorpe. They have been a tremendous resource for our whole area in California.    But I do also want to thank Assistant Secretary Darcy for her recent letters that the Corps has initiated negotiations for a separate--excuse me--contributed funds, first time. Thank you so much. That will help expedite some of the projects in our areas.    The two projects, Prado and Whittier Narrows Dam critically needed to permanently capture more water during storm events when we have storms, and am pleased that they received your approval. Given the current droughts that we are experiencing, we need to utilize every single tool at our disposal to capture as much water as possible during those infrequent rain events.    We thank you for your approval. Both the Corps and the Tennessee Valley Authority maintains, sustain our national and regional economies in a variety of ways, providing a safe and efficient means of shipping and navigation in our waterways. They protect our homes and businesses from flooding and provide energy to small and large communities alike, all while creating countless jobs across our country, sometimes with limited funding. As such, we must not only congratulate but commend those agencies for the work you do.    We have, Mr. Chairman, 4 years in the majority's budget experiment of making the agencies do more with less. Sadly, this is shortsighted and has failed and the agencies are being forced to do less with less. And I agree with both my chairman and my ranking member that we are just shortchanging the agencies in our country. The projects are delayed. Their absolutely essential operations and maintenance projects are forced to compete for a piece of the pie. With the current budget climate, it is unsustainable, Mr. Chairman, I agree with you.    I was pleased to see the increase of $142 million to the Corps in the energy and water appropriations bill. As you know, I am very keen on water. Every penny that increases necessary funds to vital projects, arguably, is still not enough. With only marginal increases in spending, we can only see that the agencies are still being forced to make tough choices and prioritize between tasks. There are literally hundreds of authorized Corps projects in studies and projects around the country, each of which was authorized on its own merits and all of which are important to our different communities.    So when my colleagues fail to realize that greater investment in our Nation's water related infrastructure is an integral element of maintaining and sustaining the improvement of our Nation's economy as was seen in recent years. The math is simple. Inadequate funding results in delays. Delays result in mounting of insufficiencies that will continue to grow until ultimately failing at some dire point in the future. And in my view, we are gambling with our Nation's infrastructure investment programs, which is irresponsible and shortsighted.    What we can be certain of, Mr. Chairman, is that nearly every Member of Congress has a direct need for safe and reliable energy for harbors, levees, or flood protection in our own backyard. The problem is that as the needs of our water infrastructure grow, our traditional budgetary mechanism meant to address the growing need diminishes. It is clear we must prioritize critical infrastructure spending to establish a clear path to forward the protection of our infrastructure. And I agree with both gentlemen, and I hope that we may be able to look at some future way of being able to sustain the infrastructure and maintenance. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Secretary Darcy, the section 1046 of WRRDA, very important to our Western States, required the investigation of how you can modify your operations and work with local agencies in improving the water supply opportunities at our dams. And can you give us the status of the implementation of that section, and what are the Corps doing to help the Western States, along with the water agencies, respond to the heavy drought we are now facing?    Mrs. Napolitano. Well, that kind of lends into the fact that both Whittier and Prado are giving funds to the Corps from outside agencies to be able to spread that. Would that help other agencies if they were able to help by providing some funding?    Mrs. Napolitano. That is something we might want to look at. And Ms. Darcy, you know, I have been for years looking at the equity of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, and for the ports that are very heavy users, L.A. and Long Beach, we continue to pay $220 million and they receive approximately $1 million a year in return. This has been an ongoing issue, a debate on this, and of course, WRRDA, section 2102, provided a little more equity to donor ports with expanded use options. Is the administration committed to implementing the funds for distribution as spelled out in WRRDA?    Mrs. Napolitano. OK. But in the distribution to the L.A. and Long Beach, they sort of kind of expected about $1.7 million and they received zero?    Mrs. Napolitano. Well, I thought the idea was to have parity in the donors from the donor ports rather than competition for prioritization?    Mrs. Napolitano. So then WRRDA would not apply. The law does not apply.    Mrs. Napolitano. OK. Well, we certainly would love to be able to have a better equity in this because as the ports need, those two ports, which are some of the major ports in the U.S., some assistance to be able to use the expanded use option, then I would hope that we continue to look at it, and I don't see anything in the budget.    The other question I have, Secretary, is can you speak to the successes of the Veterans Curation Program? I understand you have helped at least 200. What skills do they learn? And of course, in the 111th Congress, the House passed by a voice vote H.R. 5282 to provide funds to support the program. Could similar legislation be able to be implemented to help our veterans?    Mrs. Napolitano. OK. Thank you. The bill, of course, was a straight authorization, $5 million annually. It did not pass in the Senate. It did not get heard. So we hope maybe we can revive that and be able to help not only our veterans but the Corps.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your indulgence.    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yes, Secretary Darcy, there is a question in regard to a dam in California, Matilija, the Ecosystem Restoration Project, which was authorized in WRDA 2007, but there is yet to receive any construction. I understand you don't have the budget. I understand priorities. But the project apparently is quite critical for the restoration of the creek. There is a restoration of critical steelhead runs in the Ventura River. It has not yet risen to the level of being included in the President's budget. As a result, no construction appropriations are likely for the project due to the current moratorium on earmarks, which we all love but we wouldn't want back.    However, that does not diminish the importance of the project to the community, to the economy, or to the restoration of the steelhead population. And apparently there has been a discussion with Congresswoman Brownley who represents that area. The local sponsors understand that there are individual components to the project that may be good candidates for construction using one of the Corps continuing authorities. Can you commit to working with us to explore whether this is a possibility so that this important portion of the project can get underway as we continue to try and move forward with the larger projects? Is it a way the locals are willing to sit and see if they can't break off the pieces into smaller elements? And certainly we need to be able to at least assist them in moving, since 2007, that is quite a few years ago.    Mrs. Napolitano. I really appreciate it, ma'am.    Mrs. Napolitano. Yes. To Mr. Johnson, in your testimony, you refer to the construction of the ward's Watts Bar Nuclear Plant No. 2. Now, in California we have got a couple of nuclear plants, and unfortunately one of them as you know has been shuttered because of problems. My concern has been through my years in the State assembly, of moving the nuclear waste to repositories because there is no way to get rid of it, the millions of years that they say it takes to, what did I say--diminish the impact. What are the plans to be able to move the nuclear waste generated because this is a very, very serious issue throughout the United States from nuclear plants?    Mrs. Napolitano. How long?    Mrs. Napolitano. And what is the life of the plant?    Mrs. Napolitano. Somewhere along the line I had heard that there was an effort being made to recycle some of the spent fuel?    Mrs. Napolitano. Well that is something we may want to look at in the future because that can pose danger to the communities, as we have found out in San Clemente, and it is something that we all are critically aware of.    Back to Ms. Darcy; I want to be sure that we are going to be sending you a little note, a little love note, in regard to the harbor maintenance because I am reading the WRRDA, the two sections that deal with the expanded uses, and I certainly would want a clarification. If not then, we will maybe put stricter language to be able to determine where that, the total amount collected in the immediate 3 years of the harbor maintenance taxes, where that amount can be forwarded to.    Mrs. Napolitano. OK? Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Johnson, in looking at the Tennessee Valley Authority's coal ash ponds, you have 24 existing and you are intending to convert all to dry, within 8 to 10 years. Where are you with that, and do you have any plans to recycle any of that ash? Or are you going to find permanent storage for it? Because that is contaminated.    Mrs. Napolitano. Well, there is, you know, with all sorts of new technology coming to the forefront in recycling, I know even in my backyard we have recycling of contaminated material. Somehow we need to be able to see if there is anything that is being done to maybe recycle some of that ash or being able to--if you are going to have permanent storage for it, where is it going to be, and is there any chance of it ever getting into the aquifer, if you are going to put it in an area where it might permeate the site?    Mrs. Napolitano. That would be great, and whatever I can do. If you are looking at doing a brownfield restoration, is it going to go in the Superfund?    Mrs. Napolitano. Right. Thank you so much.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you. And Madam Secretary, I understand you have to go back to the White House shortly.    Mrs. Napolitano. Well, I will just have--these are questions, but they can be answered in writing, and I noticed that there is a request--there is a statement on combatting the spread of invasive species, the carp, the fish. My concern has been the cost of the removal of the quagga and the zebra mussels. That cost a lot of money to be able to have in your dam operation, so would you report to us or would you let this committee know how much that is costing you to be able to address in your operations?    Mrs. Napolitano. Zebra and quagga, yes.    Mrs. Napolitano. In your waterways. And the dam safety, it is so critical because in some areas, as we know, especially as Mother Nature continues to surprise us in many other States, we don't get the water in California but some of the States are having abundant water and storms. Dam and levee safety are critical for life safety, so any information that would be critical to us to be able to determine how can we help assess the status of the levees in some areas that have been hit by storms and have been inundated, so to speak, so with that, I would like just to have you maybe make a comment on that.    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you so much, Mr. Chair.