    Mr. Harris. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and distinguished members of the committee, I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to speak about the Department of Homeland Security's Southern Border and Approaches Campaign's Joint Task Force-West, which represents the next evolution of border security on our Nation's southern border.    I assumed the position of director of the newly-created pilot joint task force on December 15, 2014. Prior to this position, I was the first then-commander of Customs and Border Protection's South Texas campaign where I served from February 2012 to December 2014 in Laredo, Texas.    I've held numerous executive leadership positions in my more than 30-year Border Patrol career, to include serving as chief patrol agent of the Laredo, Texas, and Spokane, Washington, Border Patrol sectors; chief of intelligence operations and as the deputy chief of the U.S. Border Patrol where I led and managed the transition of the U.S. Border Patrol into the then newly-created U.S. Customs and Border Protection in 2003.    I want to take a moment to speak to you about the Southern Border and Approaches Campaign and the Joint Task Force-West. This campaign directs DHS resources in a collaborative fashion with pre-identified, component-validated, Secretary-approved targets, spanning a range of threats and challenges, including the terrorist threat, illegal immigration, drug, human, and arms trafficking, and the illicit financing of all of these operations.    I'm working hand in hand with my counterparts, Vice Admiral William Dean Lee from the U.S. Coast Guard, director of Joint Task Force-East; and Special Agent in Charge David Marwell, HSI special agent in charge director of joint task force investigations.    Although we are in our early stages, we are working to coordinate DHS forces and leverage Department of Defense international, State, local, and tribal resources to combat the transnational criminal organizations who exploit vulnerabilities in our southern border and approaches. This level of integration among DHS component agencies is unprecedented since the creation of the department in 2003.    The Joint Task Force-West will secure the southern border and its approaches through departmental unity of effort, thereby integrating and prioritizing DHS security operations. Our five primary objectives in Joint Task Force-West are, integrate and align our intelligence capabilities; institutionalize integrated counternetwork operations to identify and target transnational criminal organizations and their illicit networks; prioritize investigative efforts to disrupt, degrade, and dismantle transnational criminal organizations and illicit networks; strengthen international prosecutorial and deterrent efforts against transnational criminal organizations enterprises and significant activity impacting the Joint Task Force-West joint operating area; and finally, advance the Joint Task Force-West mission through unified communication and messaging efforts.    The structure of the Joint Task Force-West focuses cross-departmental and integrated counternetwork operations on strategic objectives across four geographic corridors: California, Arizona, New Mexico, West Texas, and South Texas. The Joint Task Force-West will focus on creating and implementing a standardized methodology for identifying and prioritizing strategic targets based on national security, public safety, and border security threats.    We have begun the threat prioritization process by developing a concept of operations plan and courses of action for each corridor. The goal will be to expedite integrated counternetwork operations against a list of prioritized transnational criminal organizations across the southwest border on October 1, 2015. This has never before been done in a coordinated and integrated means across the entire southwest border.    These corridor operations will expand our ability to impact illicit networks beyond the border from their point of origin to destination point through integrated DHS and interagency cooperation. These joint efforts will result in consequence application to identified targets through investigation, enforcement, and administrative actions. The joint task force framework also enables DHS to streamline our collaboration, innovation, and integration with other government entities.    For example, in the South Texas corridor, we have taken steps to move past collaboration and into the integration of intelligence, investigation, and interdiction resources, and have conducted counternetwork operations against prioritized threats. This new partnership further reduces institutional barriers and duplication of effort, provides for a unity of effort understanding the threat network, and enhances our ability to dismantle these networks.    I am confident that moving forward the Southern Border and Approaches Campaign will effectively disrupt, degrade, and dismantle threats in a strategic and coordinated manner like never before and improve our ability to combat criminal organizations who present a threat to our efforts to secure the southern border.    I look forward to answering any questions.    Mr. Harris. Sir, I would have to defer to CBP to give a more detailed response to that question. In my current capacity, that's not within my area of focus.    Mr. Harris. Well, I'm really involved in counternetwork operations, basically to work with the components across DHS----    Mr. Harris. Yes, sir, that's correct.    Mr. Harris. Well, first of all, before I answer the question, I'd like to say that the job of a Border Patrol agent is very dangerous work. We have had 122 Border Patrol agents killed in the line of duty since the Border Patrol was created in 1924. And DHS and CBP was created in 2003, and since that time we have had 33 officers killed in the line of duty, and 29 of those were Border Patrol agents.    So there's no question that being a U.S. Border Patrol agent is dangerous work. I think because we deal with a large population of economic migrants, but mixed in with those individuals are obviously some criminals. So it's important that our agents stay on their toes on a routine basis.    We try and take a look at what we call hot spots, which are zones that are known for a high-level of criminal activity and make sure that we have sufficient agent resources and equipment and the training and tactics in those areas to deal with those types of situations.    Mr. Harris. Well, first of all, we appreciate all the support that you all have also given us. I would also like to point out on the helicopter shooting incident that Congressman Chaffetz responded to that situation, as he had referenced.    You know, it's just more stay engaged with the border. I think there's a lot of misinformation coupled with border security efforts. So we welcome any visits by Members of Congress to my new office so that you can see and hear what's going on on the border firsthand.    Mr. Harris. Similar response. I would say that depends on the area. I travel to Mexico on a personal basis and professional level. Some areas you travel with security and others you don't; but overall dangerous place, no question.    Mr. Harris. Yes, ma'am. I'll answer that question in kind of two parts. One is what my role is in southbound weapons smuggling at a strategic level. As I had also mentioned in my testimony, for the first time ever we have identified across the border the top transnational criminal organizations who are involved in the full gamut of smuggling activities which are listed. I would ask to add southbound bulk cash smuggling to that list as well.    But this to me is a huge accomplishment, never before seen in my career. All investigative agencies, whether FBI, DEA, ICE, they all have their cases that they work; but for the first time ever we have interagency agreement on which top criminal organizations we believe represent the highest threat to U.S. national security. Some of those organizations are involved in southbound weapons smuggling. Our success on targeting these organizations before this has pretty much been on the domestic side, but this new position gives me the capability to target these organizations all the way from the origination point to the final destination point. That's one part of the----    Mr. Harris. Well, the second part of my answer will respond to that. I'm not an expert at port of entry operations. I'll have to defer to my CBP counterpart. However, from my former capacity as a Border Patrol chief in Laredo, we routinely augment southbound inspections by OFO officers with detailed Border Patrol agents. I would say by and large our success in targeting southbound weapons smuggling is due to the vigilance and capabilities of our agents.    As I'm sure you know, we do not have the same kind of technology going southbound that we have going northbound. Nor do we do 100 percent southbound inspections. We do halts and surge operations and operations based on intelligence and investigative information, but largely the southbound weapons seizures are cold hits. It would be helpful to have some similar technology going southbound to what we have going northbound, a nonintrusive inspection technology, some of the backscatters would be very instrumental, and I think that would give us a better picture of what kind of weapons are going southbound.    Mr. Harris. Well, the FBI is responsible for investigating all assaults on Federal agents. They're responsible for that investigation. It's my understanding that an individual was taken into custody. He was transported to Tampico, where he went before a judge, but he's now missing.    Mr. Harris. I'll answer that question again in two parts. One is, as was noted in my testimony, I've been in the Border Patrol for 31 years. I've been in the Border Patrol when we made up to 1.6 million apprehensions a year with about 3,000 agents on duty. Most of those individuals were from the country of Mexico, very easy to deal with those individuals. It was a revolving door type of a situation, as Mr. Judd had indicated earlier. But the border dynamics have changed over my career from what it was.    About 42 percent of everyone we apprehend is from a noncontiguous territory, most of those being from Central America, and a lot of them being women and children. So it's a different kind of a dynamic on how we deal with those individuals. And about 33 percent of everybody the Border Patrol arrests has to go before some kind of an immigration judge or an immigration proceeding. So the Border Patrol does not own all of the process, nor am I seeking that ownership, but it does not own all of the process that would allow for immediate repatriation of those individuals.    The second part of my response again is what my job is is really to target the criminal network from beginning to end. That does not necessarily mean that we are targeting criminal aliens throughout the United States as part of my job, but I'll just give you one example. I think ICE fugitive operations does a great job of picking up criminal aliens. And when I stepped into this job, they had just done a press event where they had arrested about 2,000 criminal aliens throughout the country. No question----    Mr. Harris. Excuse me, sir?    Mr. Harris. Well, I think every law enforcement officer regardless of what the profession is, when they've taken action they want to see some sort of a consequence delivered, but a little bit more challenging with the population we're dealing with.    Mr. Harris. Sir, first of all, let me just say I'm not familiar with the criteria that was referenced on the office and the pay systems and all that. I'll just say that in terms of my business, our relationship with Mexico and our ability is to protect and promote U.S. Interests is critically important to border security. I routinely travel to Mexico, work with the State Department and all of the country team in Mexico City, so having our people deployed in a way that we can best protect and promote the interests of the United States is critically important.    Mr. Harris. Yes, ma'am. I had responded to a previous question. I think our men and women do a great job on southbound inspections. The OFO personnel who are doing sometimes random southbound inspections are oftentimes augmented by Border Patrol agents detailed over to assist with that effort. And the firearms that are seized during southbound operations without the aid of intelligence or investigative information are largely due to the hard work of the men and women.    However, as I'm sure you know, we do not have the same level of technology and inspection capabilities going southbound as we have northbound. And I think if we would have some similar technology, the backscatters and other nonintrusive inspection capabilities to augment the great work of the men and women on southbound inspections, it would probably help us to do a better job of seizing more weapons going into Mexico, which, as you indicate, is a problem.    Mr. Harris. Well, I didn't notice I was doing that, but----    Mr. Harris. --it was an accident, I guess.    I'm not a port-of-entry expert but, again, I'll defer to my area of responsibility in what I'm focused on, which is targeting the criminal network. I will tell you, through investigative means I won't talk about here, we're getting much better at identifying and rooting out those individuals who are using the border crossing cards for criminal purposes.    We've identified, as a starting point in South Texas, a little bit less than 1,000 individuals. Probably about half of those are border crossers. And we're systemically removing the cards from those individuals when they cross the border. So I think with the technology that you all have supported us with, we're much better at being able to identify the people who are using the cards for illicit purposes versus for legitimate reasons.