    Mrs. Lummis. Aye.    The Clerk. Mrs. Lummis votes yes.    Mr. Massie?    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    When we're home in our districts, we meet with our constituents. And while I was home in my State of Wyoming over the August work period, among the things people asked me was have you ever read classified documents in the SCIF. And I explained that I had on two occasions. In fact, three, visited a SCIF by myself where I had to surrender my electronic devices, where I was watched while I sat there and read classified documents by people who were ensuring that I would not write anything down, that I would not use my cell phone to take photographs of classified documents and take them out of the room.    For some of us, it's a little intimidating to just sit there and read while people are staring at you while you're reading, and it's really quiet. So the SCIF experience for--that I have had as a Member of Congress and that I have related to my constituents in Wyoming is very different from the kind of thing we're hearing today, where we have heard, at least on television, that Secretary Clinton had maybe as many as 11 or more devices that she used to communicate with, that she had a private server, that there were--there's a classified server and an unclassified server, and that if someone takes something classified and sort of restates it without noting that it's classified, that it can be discovered by people who are hacking an unclassified server in the basement of, say, a Secretary of State's house.    This is the kind of thing that concerns my constituents. So that's why we're having this hearing. It's not because we're trying to make your lives miserable or our lives miserable by meeting late some Monday night. It's because our constituents are worried that classified information was compromised in ways that might allow hackers to refer that information to people who want to do harm to America and its allies.    My question is this. Have any of you that are on this panel separated or begun to separate the classified information that is in the SCIF from the unclassified information or from the sensitive access information? Anyone?    Mr. Herring, would you--yes or no, have you begun to separate that information?    Mr. Herring. I'm not exactly sure what you're talking about, but generally, the information in a classified document is portion marked, and that document stays together and it stays in the SCIF.    Mrs. Lummis. Okay. So there is some way--if I could go down to the SCIF right now and see those documents that hopefully, and we're going to be talking about in a little bit, would I know whether I was viewing something that was classified, something that was sensitive, something that was unclassified?    Mr. Herring. The information should be properly portion marked.    Mrs. Lummis. Okay.    Mr. Herring. Should be able to tell if----    Mrs. Lummis. So you could separate classified from unclassified from sensitive, based on information available to you in documents that are currently in the SCIF, right?    Mr. Herring. If it is properly marked, you can certainly distinguish the classified from the unclassified. I do think, though, in our production to Congress, which is what we're really here to talk about----    Mrs. Lummis. Uh-huh.    Mr. Herring. --there are other sensitivities in the unclassified information that's sort of nonpublic information. It's not--certainly not suitable for public release.    Mrs. Lummis. Okay. Why have we, as Members of Congress, not been provided access to the nonclassified, nonsensitive information that is in the SCIF?    Mr. Herring. Ma'am, I think you've--I think you've been given access or certainly the members of this Oversight Committee and appropriately cleared staff have been given access to all the information that's in the SCIF, ma'am.    Mrs. Lummis. Mr. Chairman, I would like to yield the balance of my time to you.