    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Panel, for being here today. Being from North Carolina, I am concerned that over the last 7 years we've lost 40 percent of our charters with no new banks being chartered during that time. Bank closures and consolidations account for most of the loss, but this is still a dramatic trend in banking and threatens the future of community banking as a business model.    And over this time, a new bank has not been chartered in North Carolina since 2009, 7 years. The cost of the application and the regulatory compliance are cited as early obstacles to profitability as everyone testifies today, at least from what I've heard, seems to agree that community financial institutions have an important role in our economy.    What has the FDIC, Chairman Gruenberg, done or considered, to lower the barriers to entry for these new bank charters?    Mr. Walker. When you say your goal is to contain the cost, is that something you're regularly looking at, reviewing, discussing, talking about, and is there any action steps or is it just something that's laid out there as a goal somewhere in the future?    Mr. Walker. And I appreciate that. Just curious as to maybe for me, maybe for the public, what would be the cost or capital needed to charter a bank today, and what are the factors that would affect the amount of capital required to grant this charter?    Mr. Walker. In these meetings and discussions to work for--on the cost and some of the startup fees, has the FDIC considered streamlining the business plan for a de novo bank applicant?    Mr. Walker. Sure. And with the de novo banks, one of the major costs is hiring the regulatory attorney. The question is, as this is incredibly expensive, could this process be streamlined so that no regulatory attorney is necessary?    Mr. Walker. And what considerations or accommodations is extended to new charters in the area of regulatory oversight?    Mr. Walker. And if I have time, maybe to expound on this last question. In North Carolina we have seen successful nontraditional creative bank structures like Square One Bank in Durham and then Live Oak Bank in Wilmington. Will nontraditional charter applicants still receive favorable conditions from the FDIC, assuming all of the boxes are checked, capital management, et cetera?    Mr. Walker. My concern, from what I'm hearing over in the hour or so of testimony today, is that--let me ask you this. How long have you been chairman of the FDIC?    Mr. Walker. Okay. So we're coming up on 4 years. I hear a lot about, hey, these are our goals, this is something we're looking into, we're having meetings, we're checking into this, even some of the questions earlier about any kind of pushback on some of the whistleblowers. I hope that some of that is actually being processed and some of those goals are being met in the days ahead. I have a couple more. My time is expired, so I yield back to the chairman. Thank you.