    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ma'am, gentlemen, thank you for being here.    Admiral Winnefeld, I had the opportunity to watch my Bulldogs whip up on the Yellow Jackets this year. I don't know if you made it to the game or not, but it is usually a pretty good one. I couldn't help it. But I know you have been affiliated with Georgia Tech for a long time, and I hope to see you there in short order.    And I just wonder, as I listen to things and look at the way things happen in Washington, if the fear of failure sometimes isn't stronger than the desire to succeed. And when we get into things at the Pentagon, it seems that the getting something that is good enough ends up with so much criticism that we strive for something that in some cases isn't attainable when we spend a lot of money getting nowhere.    I look back at the purchase of the F-22 and what happened there, and I think right now we would be very happy to have more F-22s. But I have watched the one program that I have had the most experience with has been the JSTARS . It was something that was--we were looking at the recapitalization of this when I got here. It certainly seems that we are starting to move forward with this, and the recap long term is estimated to save $11 billion in operating sustainment over 20 years, and when we look--we have waited too long now. We know we are going to have a capability gap with that intelligence platform.    Is there enough emphasis on the making sure that those major acquisition programs stay on schedule, I guess, is my primary question.    Mr. Scott. So I would just point out that--and you know this, that, you know, the acquisition cost of the first unit is a lot different than what it takes to produce the second one, and I just wonder if some of the accounting that gets done at GAO and other areas, if their pricing technology is a variable cost instead of as a fixed cost because once it has been sunk into this, the new weapons system, it is gone. Thank you.    Thank you for being here, and I hope to see you in Georgia.