    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock and Chairman Loudermilk, for holding this hearing. I want to thank all the witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to hearing your testimony.    Chairwoman Comstock had mentioned in her opening statement the real need to make sure we do more in this area. We need to make sure that both in the public and private sector that people are held responsible for the hacks that do occur. We need to make sure that we have in place what we can do here, that Congress does what it can do to make sure that there is an incentive both in the public and private sector to try to avoid these hacks, this loss of information, so I'm very interested to hear more from our witnesses on this.    I am certainly pleased that we're holding our first hearing on cybersecurity, which is certainly an increasingly urgent challenge for our national security and the personal security of every American. It's important that we continue to hear from experts in government and the private sector about the latest developments with respect to both the risks that confront security in cyberspace, and the technologies and policies to combat those threats.    Our Committee plays an important role in both the technology side and the policy side, and this is an area in which Members have successfully collaborated across the aisle. In December 2014, Congress enacted the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act, a bipartisan research, education, and standards bill that I worked on with Mr. McCaul over several years. Over the last month, Congress enacted a cybersecurity law to promote information sharing and strengthen coordination between the private and public sectors. As a Committee and as Congress, we need to continue to confront these serious cyber threats.    Unfortunately, we continue to see an increase in major cyber-attacks in both the public and private sectors. In a hearing we held here in July, we heard about the significant breach at the Office of Personnel Management, in which the personal information of millions of current and former federal employees and job applicants was compromised, including some of us here. Highly sensitive security-clearance files were also compromised, making it not just a problem for all those individuals but a national security issue as well.    We have laws in place to address the security of federal information systems. The Federal Information Security Management Act, or FISMA, and subsequent amendments establish the necessary policies and procedures for the development of standards and protocols. NIST has an important role in this. But it is clear that federal agencies need to do a better job implementing NIST's standards and protocols, and that Congress needs to give them adequate resources to do so.    The private sector is also under constant threat from cyberattacks. In the case of large-size companies, a recent study conducted by the Ponemon Institute found that there was a 19 percent increase in cybercrimes between 2014 and 2015. The study also found that cybercrimes cause significant economic damage. For 2015, cyber attacks resulted in a total average cost of $15 million. While the threats continue to grow, many in the private sector are increasingly taking steps to protect their information systems and the personal information of Americans that they gather in their routine business.    To reduce our risk and improve the security of cyberspace, it will take the combined effort of the Federal government, the private sector, our researchers and engineers, and the general public. Although cyber attacks are becoming more sophisticated, often cyber attacks are successful because of human error, such as unknowingly opening a malicious email or allowing one's credentials to be compromised. Part of our effort must be to educate the public. Another part must be to better understand human behavior in order to make new tools and technologies more effective, such as the work being done at NIST and elsewhere to move beyond passwords.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today about industry cybersecurity best practices as well as opportunities for public-private partnerships that could help address our shared cybersecurity challenges. I'm also interested in hearing to what extent private businesses and organizations voluntarily implement FISMA standards developed by NIST, and how you may be participating in or benefiting from other efforts at NIST, including the Cybersecurity Center for Excellence and the Framework for Critical Infrastructure.    Thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. There are so many things to talk about here, and I just got set off in another direction by what Dr. Casado had just said, so first I'll say it's good to see a Stanford and Berkeley guy be able to sit next to each other. I'm a Stanford guy.    So I'm going to ask Dr. Casado, you had just mentioned there should be more done by the government to engage Silicon Valley entrepreneurs. What more could the federal government be doing right now in this area?    Mr. Lipinski. Is there anything that's not being done now that you think should be done on the federal government side of engagement?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you.    Anyone else on this subject before we move on? Mr. Schneider?    Mr. Lipinski. Anyone else? Mr. Wood?    Mr. Lipinski. And very quickly, and continuing with Mr. Wood, I want to thank you for your work in STEM education and thank you for bringing up how important it is that the human behavior is critical in preventing so much of this, and I think you said nearly all of these attacks could have been avoided with better behavior, and I think that brings up the importance, as I always talk about here, in understanding human behavior and funding social science research into things like this.    But the last thing I wanted to ask you is, you talked about insurance, and I'm very interested in how do we incentivize the private sector. Is this something that you think should be required or do you just think that this will develop over time? Do you see a need for the government to require insurance for these--against these types of attacks?    Mr. Lipinski. Have companies really suffered that much who have been--who've had these data breaches?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Mr. Clinton wanted to----    Mr. Lipinski. If you've been promoting it for over a decade and it doesn't seem like it's that widespread, is it?    Mr. Lipinski. So they're not concerned about the consumers and the people who are using their business, they're----    Mr. Lipinski. --concerned about their own----    Mr. Lipinski. That's a suggestion there, that----    Chairwoman Comstock. We're going to have to move on to our next question.    Mr. Lipinski. Okay.    Chairwoman Comstock. And I'd appreciate you submitting some more information on the insurance area. I think that would be very interesting.