    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank our ranking member.    And I would like to ask unanimous consent that my full statement be placed in the record.    Mr. Green. I want to thank the Chair for calling this hearing today.    This marks the 50th anniversary of Medicare, and since 1965, the landmark program has provided affordable health insurance coverage and access to care for our Nation's seniors. Few programs have improved the lives of Americans as significantly as Medicare.    Today, we have three separate bills. The first is H.R. 556, the Prevent Interruptions in Physical Therapy Act.    It would allow physical therapists to employ locum tenens in their practices. Under Medicare law, health care providers are permitted to employ only licensed professionals under their provider number to care if they are temporarily unable to do so. H.R. 556 would add physical therapists to the list of providers who would enter into these agreements, known as ``locum tenens agreements,'' so that patients do not see a disruption in care.    H.R. 1934, the Cancer Care Payment Reform Act, would establish a national Oncology Medical Home Demonstration Project. Research has shown there is a disconnect between cost and the quality of cancer care for Medicare beneficiaries, and many have suggested the fee-for-service model is inappropriate. I know, recently, the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation announced at launch a 5-year oncology care model starting next spring. The demonstration proposed in H.R. 1934 shares many of the characteristics of that Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation.    Mr. Chairman, like I said, I would like to ask unanimous consent for the full statement to be placed in the record.    Again, thank you for calling the hearing.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank our witnesses for joining us today. I know that home health care services are critically important for Medicare beneficiaries who are confined to their homes. I have a very urban area that it is important for. However, over the last two decades, a variety of the Office of Inspector General reports have found high levels of improper payments in Medicare reimbursement for home health care.    Ms. Myers, can you describe any recent fraud reduction efforts, or any proposals underway at your agency or across the country?    Mr. Green. OK. Dr. Gould, thank you for your testimony. I think your testimony helped confirm something we in the committee have long thought, traditional fee-for-service has not done a great job of incentivizing care coordination. That is why we started moving towards alternative payment models in the Affordable Care Act, and then we built upon the reforms of the ACA in the recently passed Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 for its repeal of the flawed sustainable growth rate formula, and replaced it with incentives that switched alternative payment models that put value and quality care over volume.    Alternative payment models in cancer care have a lot of potential, both to improving care, coordination, and quality and reduced cost. It sounds like you are doing some of the work in cancer care, both through public and private partnerships to test payment reforms. Specifically, you testified you have successfully been able to reduce costs through alternative payment models. Can you talk a little bit about how you were able to achieve these lower costs?    Mr. Green. Well, obviously, I appreciate it and I know it is difficult for physicians to go between paper and electronic medical records, but also, with a lot of the things that are changing in the practice of medicine, and it affects Members of Congress, too. My staff finally told me I can't get a new--my old BlackBerry back because they don't have screens anymore, so I have to go to a new model. You know, change is tough for folks, how they do it. But again, electronic medical records and the coordination, and they need to talk to each other from practices. And it sounds like what you all have done has been able to do that, because I have a very urban district, but I have a group of physicians in the area that all go to one hospital, and they were able to do that and with their practices, and so, they could share, because they share their patients all the time with each other.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.