    Ms. Ohlhausen. Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today.    International antitrust law has been very dynamic over the past two decades. The FTC engages in multilateral fora and bilateral consultations. It also offers technical assistance to build stronger relationships with foreign competition agencies and to encourage convergence on sound economic competition policy and enforcement. The global economy, competition, and consumers benefit when competition laws function coherently and effectively. Enforcement predictability also reduces the cost of doing business and improves outcomes for consumers.    While the FTC's focus has been global, the agency has devoted significant attention and resources to two areas that have received particular attention in recent years: China's antitrust enforcement and the application of antitrust intellectual property rights. I personally spend a lot of time on these issues. I have traveled to China seven times in recent years to engage in dialogue, both formal and informal, on antitrust policy and enforcement, including attending a conference on antitrust in Asia in Hong Kong just last week.    Even before the enactment of China's Anti-Monopoly Law, or the AML, in 2007, the FTC and the DOJ worked with Chinese officials to promote predictability, fairness, and efficiency in antitrust enforcement. We have also stressed the importance of economics to sound antitrust policy.    China's AML resembles the competition laws of the United States in many ways, including, for example, provisions on cartel conduct and anticompetitive mergers. The AML, however, also has important differences, including the prohibition of unfairly high pricing and consideration of noncompetition factors, such as the effect of a merger on economic development.    Our engagement with Chinese authorities on the development and implementation of the AML has produced some positive tangible results. A good example is China's adoption of a simplified merger review procedure last year, which saves time and reduces costs for merging companies. We have also observed that MOFCOM increasingly sets forth its economic analysis in published merger decisions.    Nonetheless, our efforts with the Chinese AML agencies are best seen as a work in progress as there is continued concern regarding the procedural and substantive application of the AML. Issues raised by Chinese procedures include the degree of transparency, the opportunity to present a defense, and the ability to be represented by counsel. Due process is a critical element to ensure fair, transparent, and nondiscriminatory application of antitrust laws. At the recent meeting in Hong Kong, I was particularly encouraged to see all three Chinese agencies acknowledge these procedural concerns.    On a substantive level, there continues to be a belief that Chinese agencies are pursuing noncompetition objectives to antitrust enforcement to promote domestic industries or Chinese competitors. We take such concerns seriously and have worked through multiple avenues, including our most recent vice minister level bilateral meeting in April to encourage China's agencies to ensure appropriate transparency and fairness.    So far, we have seen some promising responses, including through the Strategic and Economic Dialogues, as well as the U.S.-China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade. In 2014, through these dialogues, China officially recognized that the objective of competition policy is to promote consumer welfare and economic efficiency rather than promote individual competitors or industries, and that enforcement of competition laws should be fair, objective, transparent, and nondiscriminatory. Through these dialogues, China also provided certain commitments regarding AML enforcement procedures. We will continue to engage with Chinese antitrust authorities on these issues.    International convergence on unilateral conduct remains a challenging area overall, particularly for conduct involving IP rights. Many of the concerns about IP-related enforcement have focused on China because its competition law prohibits unfairly high pricing as well as places limits on refusals to deal. The Chinese AML agencies' current draft IP guidelines reinforce this concern with provisions that would create liability for refusals to license intellectual property deemed necessary to compete in a given market, as well as provisions that would prohibit unfairly high IP royalties.    The FTC and the DOJ have voiced concerns over the potential danger of reducing incentives to innovation, not only in China but globally, and have thus urged caution in enforcing these provisions. The FTC will continue to advocate for policies and approaches that promote innovation and competition as these guidelines continue to develop.    Thank you for your time, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Ohlhausen. Thank you, Congressman Bishop. The FTC, as you know, in addition to our antitrust authority, is also a consumer protection agency, and so we work internationally with other consumer protection authorities to address these kinds of issues. Now, there can be a challenge for how you reach a company in another country. What is their contact with the     So to the extent we can reach companies that are misleading consumers, if they have some presence in the U.S., then we can try to bring an enforcement action. Otherwise, we need to work with our international counterparts.    I would say our relationship with the consumer protection authorities in China is not as developed as they are with the consumer protection authorities in Canada and Europe and some other more developed economies, but we continue to try to work and build these kinds of relationships.    Ms. Ohlhausen. We work closely with the Department of Justice, and the Department of Commerce on these issues. And what we try to do is give advice to the antitrust agencies in China as fellow antitrust enforcers so that we can engage with them on an expert-to-expert kind of dialogue. I don't think we've gotten any pushback about what we've been doing or what we've been saying from other parts of the U.S. Government.    Now, when I've talked to Chinese officials, we certainly have to be sensitive to the fact that their laws do allow for some noncompetition factors to be included. But one of the things that I've specifically advocated, and it's consistent with the general U.S. position, is if they are taking noncompetition factors into account, they should be clear about that. It shouldn't be just rolled up in a competition analysis so that we don't know what part is competition and what part may be some kind of an industrial policy. So at least as a first step be transparent about the reasons for their decisions. As a later step, it would be better to remove those kinds of noncompetition factors from an antitrust analysis completely.    Ms. Ohlhausen. I'm not a trade expert, but I think that's correct. Certainly, they have to make commitments.    Ms. Ohlhausen. Unfair trade practices being antitrust and consumer protection.    Ms. Ohlhausen. Yes.    Ms. Ohlhausen. Right. Well, certainly, in the U.S. our antitrust law has evolved so that we only consider competition factors in the competition analysis.    Ms. Ohlhausen. Okay.    Ms. Ohlhausen. Well, I do think it's been important to have an honest but respectful exchange with the Chinese officials about where there might be deficiencies in their system or where there have been some inconsistencies. So for example, when the U.S. Chamber put out their report in 2014, the Chinese agencies had a press conference where they pushed back and they said, no, we are not administering our law in an unfair way. But what was important is they then continued to engage with us and we saw not just words but deeds followed on by that to have some improvements.    Ms. Ohlhausen. Are they--I'm sorry, I missed the word. Abhorrent?    Ms. Ohlhausen. I think it's fair to say that they're weak.    Ms. Ohlhausen. Certainly. We signed a memorandum, the DOJ and the FTC in 2011 signed a memorandum of understanding with the three Chinese antitrust agencies. And what that does is establish a framework for cooperation and dialogue between the U.S., the senior competition officials in the U.S. and in the Chinese agencies.    We also developed a guide for case cooperation on particular cases where we are investigating, the U.S. agencies are investigating and the Chinese agencies are--or a Chinese agency, usually MOFCOM, is investigating, to allow us to talk about it or coordinate in some way. So that's some of the more formal ways that we do this.    And under the memorandum of understanding we have regular high level meetings. We also have a lot of informal engagements and talks. And so, for example, as I mentioned, I've been to China on numerous occasions, often to meet with these officials and to talk with them, to further understanding, to raise important concerns that we might have about their enforcement.    Ms. Ohlhausen. So I think there are improvements being made. I don't think we are close to saying all the problems are taken care of. I do think that there has been progress. It's been slow, it's been very incremental. And one of the things that we often try to talk about or I often try to talk about is why these approaches, the U.S. approaches are not not just good for the U.S., but they're good for the Chinese economy.    Certainly, the Chinese officials rightly are caring about the Chinese economy and their growth and their innovation. And so I think it's incumbent on us to explain to them why our approach will lead to the best outcomes for their economy and for their movement from a manufacturing economy to an innovation economy. So protecting IP rights can help their own industries advance, their own industries invest, and have them become stronger players in an innovation model.    So I think that's an important part of the dialogue. And when we point to the problems with them devaluing IP rights, it's not just that it may hurt U.S. companies, but it may hurt their own economy in the long run.