    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Secretary Carter, General Dempsey. I was a masters of public policy graduate, so you were one of my instructors back in 1988 to 1990, so it is good to see you again.    Ms. McSally. Good that we have both been able to find a, you know, good job to make a difference here, right?    Ms. McSally. Well, I look forward to working with you in future.    I want to talk a little bit about combat search and rescue capabilities in Iraq and Syria. I was 26 years in the military. I was an A-10 pilot, just truth in advertising there, and ran our joint search and rescue center during Operation Southern Watch and then the early days of the Afghanistan war.    So I know there are tremendous challenges in trying to make sure that if someone has to eject or they get shot down, that we are able to rescue them very quickly, also in the environment that we have seen with the fate of the Jordanian pilot, to be able to immediately be overhead to locate and protect them while we are moving the forces to pick them up. I mean, we have got to get them right away. I am sure you are aware of that.    I have gotten an initial brief, and I will get a more detailed, classified briefing tomorrow by the Joint Staff on our combat search and rescue posture.    But I am concerned, and I know maybe we will have to talk more classified about our response capability and our posture and whether it is limited by the 3,100-person-on-the-ground limitation, because we have got to be able to make sure, especially the guys flying single-engine airplanes, like the F-16, that if they have to eject, that we are going to do everything it takes, and sometimes that takes tremendous resources on airborne alert to be able to go in and protect them so that we can get them out.    So could you speak generally about that, and I would like follow-up probably in a more classified hearing.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    General Dempsey. And you know generally where we are postured. My staff will articulate that tomorrow.    We also, if we think the mission is high risk, as you know, we can actually put the package airborne as part of the air-tasking order. So we are very attentive to that. But I think you will find the staff will ease your concerns tomorrow.    Ms. McSally. Okay, great, thank you. I wanted to follow up on the A-10 issue. You mentioned it earlier. I commanded the 354th Fighter Squadron. It's now deployed over to the European theater dealing with working with our allies related to the aggression that we have seen come out of Russia. And we also have A-10s deployed, as you know, to Iraq and Syria.    But the President's budget requests mothballing 160 of them, and while we don't really have a suitable replacement. And I asked yesterday, Secretary James, if that was strictly a budget decision, and she said yes.    And I just wanted to hear from you if that is the case; whether this is--because we have heard many different arguments over the last few years, quite frankly, which are all over the map, that if you had the resources, would you keep the A-10 flying to its lifespan, which is 2028?    Ms. McSally. Great, thank you. My time is about to expire. But for the record, I do have a question I will be following up with. I know we are talking about making sure that women can be fully integrated into all jobs in the military, but I also want to hear whether there are deployment positions that are male-only positions.    We have seen some of the issues pop up at GTMO, when I served in Saudi Arabia. There are some specific positions that were male-only. So across the board, military and civilian, I would like a follow-up, whether you have male-only deployment positions for civilian and military. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. McCord, as promised, I want to come back on the audit issue, because we had two service secretaries yesterday who said the biggest impediment to achieving--to meeting the deadline in 2017 for their service to pass a clean audit was the Defense Finance and Accounting Service over which they had no control. Are you aware of the problem, and are you going to fix it?