    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Professor Legomsky, I just want to make sure I have it right. Obama's statements 22 times that he said he didn't have the authority, you are saying that he just meant that he didn't have the authority to suspend all deportations. Is that accurate?    Mr. DeSantis. Right, but you deny that he has disclaimed the authority to do what he did in November, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. I think that that is at variance with the facts.    February 14, 2013, the President of the United States, ``I am not the emperor of the United States. My job is to execute the laws that are passed. Congress right now has not changed what I consider to be broken immigration system. What that means is that we have certain obligations to enforce the laws that are in place, even if we think that, in many cases, the results may be tragic here. We have kind of stretched our administrative flexibility as much as we can.''    September 17, 2013, he said, ``What we can do is then carve out the DREAM folks saying young people who have basically grown up here as Americans that we should welcome. But if we start broadening that, then essentially I would be ignoring the law in a way that I think would be very difficult to defend legally, so that is not an option. What I have said is that there is a path to get there, and that is through Congress.''    So those are instances not where he is saying he can't suspend everything. He is specifically saying he has reached his administrative limit, that he has reached the limit of what he can do. And these are in response to questions that specifically wanted to address some of the classes of people that he has now addressed with this latest executive action.    So to say, as you characterize it, is completely at variance with the facts. And I think it really undermines your credibility.    Let me talk about the political statements versus legal statements.    Professor Blackman, I think you correctly point out in your testimony that this is not just all about the courts. Congress has a role there. The powers we have are political powers and political checks. So when the President is out saying these things, the idea that he is making political statements that don't matter--when he vetoed the Keystone pipeline, he didn't go to court to do that. He took a political action based on the power he had an Article II of the Constitution. And you cited James Madison in Federalist 51. Madison, is this not correct, in a later Federalist Paper said the power of the purse is Congress' most powerful check, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. So Madison envisioned, if an executive branch is acting a certain way, Congress could always simply remove the funds so that the executive could not continue with the actions, right?    Mr. DeSantis. So that is perfectly legitimate that Congress would restrict funding, if they believe their powers have been infringed upon.    Mr. DeSantis. Do you also think that the advise and consent power that the Senate has is a legitimate check on Presidential overreach? In other words, if the President is putting someone in a position who has pledged to continue conduct that we think infringes on our authority, the Senators could use that as a legitimate reason to deny someone appointment?    Mr. DeSantis. And the courts do have a role, but it is a limited role to cases and controversies. And isn't it the case that there are going to be disputes between executive and legislative branches that may not give rise to a case of controversy, and thus not be ripe for adjudication in the courts?    Mr. DeSantis. So if you expect the courts to do everything, well, then we are leaving a lot of authority out there that will essentially be uncontested if Congress isn't willing to act.    Professor Foley, you mentioned that the key issue is if the executive actions are consonant with the underlying law. Isn't it the case that the underlying law prohibits people who are here illegally from having unlawful employment in the country?    Mr. DeSantis. And the statute trumps administrative action or executive memos or anything like that. So you have Congress that said very clearly prohibition on employment. Now the President is issuing 5 million work permits. So to me, that is absolutely in conflict with what Congress has said.    Let me ask you this, in terms of somebody who could be harmed by this, if the President issues these work permits and the background is that people who are here illegally are actually exempt from Obamacare's employer mandate, meaning if I am an American citizen applying for a job, somebody here has one of these work permits, they go and we have the same skills, we qualify for the same wage, the person who is here illegally, actually, will be cheaper for the business to hire, because they don't have to provide Obamacare. They would have to provide it for a U.S. citizen.    So in that instance, would a U.S. citizen potentially have an ability to bring a lawsuit challenging that?    Mr. DeSantis. Let us assume the employer just said, ``Yes, look, I would have hired you, but I am saving $3,000 here. I mean, I have to do that.''    Mr. DeSantis. My time is up. I yield back.