    Mr. Hardy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I almost feel guilty going ahead of Mr. Tipton. In Nevada, 15 of the 17 counties are--sage grouse is involved in those areas. I guess this would both go to Ms. Clarke and Mr. Miller. With the process of knowing that, let's see--165 million acres of land are basically sage grouse range throughout the West, and 64 percent of that is Federal lands. In the state of Nevada, it is 17.6 million acres, and 87 percent of that----    Mr. Hardy. From my standpoint, I have some real challenges. I grew up in Nevada my whole life, and have watched what has happened throughout the state with the growth of the pinyon juniper and the lack of--or the mismanagement of what I call the Federal Government and what they are doing.    Ms. Clarke, in your testimony you talked about you guys actually clearing the pinyon juniper. That is on state or private lands, is that correct?    Mr. Hardy. You were able to clear Federal lands?    Mr. Hardy. Where they had the appropriate NEPA. Have you had any challenges being able to clear Federal lands?    Mr. Hardy. Thank you. In Nevada none of that land has been touched with any type of clearing process, to my knowledge, to date. And I have been over that state many times throughout my life--hunted sage grouse. Do you see any correlation between these clearing areas and your private areas? Because what I see when I travel throughout the state--and even Utah--hunting, I see that these private lands actually hold greater amount of sage grouse than the so-called Federal lands, public lands. Do you see any of the same----    Mr. Hardy. I agree. With that being said, another place I have been a number of times is the Kennecott Copper Mine.    Mr. Hardy. Which is, without question, I think, one of the largest mines in the United States. It has large amounts of wildlife: sage grouse, deer, all kinds of elk, everything; and it is because it is managed. It is mined, but it is managed, and they do well there.    A question I have for you, Ms. Clarke, with your experience being in the state and the Federal level, is there anything that has changed in this Administration from when you were there?    Mr. Hardy. Is there anything you see that we can do, legislatively, to fix the problem between the states and the Federal Government?    Mr. Hardy. OK. Mr. Miller, just one quick question for you. Can you elaborate on your rural fire districts in Idaho, and how that was established to fight wildfire on the range, sage grouse habitat?    Mr. Hardy. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Tipton.