    Ms. SIMMERS. Thank you. I want to thank you, Chairman Hardy, and the Committee for inviting me here to testify today. As you stated, my name is Robin Simmers. I am the Chief Executive Officer of Pahranagat Valley Credit Union, located in Alamo, Nevada, roughly 100 miles northeast of Las Vegas.    I'm happy to be here today to share the story of the Pahranagat Valley, a $20 million credit union, and credit unions nationally. I'm also pleased to come before the committee on behalf of the Nevada Credit Union League and the Credit Union National Association who represents roughly 6,300 credit unions nationwide and 104 million credit union members.    Currently there are 18 Nevada-based and operated credit unions. Credit unions are not-for-profit financial organizations owned by our members who democratically elect our voluntary board of directors.    We do not have stock. We are not publicly traded, and return all of our profits to our members in various forms.    The credit union model of operation is different from other financial services as our incentives are to serve the members of our valleys or our districts. Whether serving in a small community or a large metropolitan area, there is consistency in the compliance burdens that credit unions are experiencing.    A little bit about Pahranagat Valley Credit Union. Including myself, the credit union employs six full-time employees, that we serve roughly around 2,000 members. Running a small credit union, which is also a small business, presents a variety of challenges. With the team of six, I'm not only the CEO and manager, I am a teller, I'm the chief financial officer, I'm the chief operating officer, I am the HR department, I am the only business lender, I'm the only mortgage lender in the credit union. I'm also the IT person and a variety of other jobs.    Since 2011, unfortunately, Nevada Bank & Trust had issues. They are no longer in our valley. We are the sole person that our members can come to. We are the only financial institution, 100 miles from Vegas, almost 60 miles from Caliente, so we are it.    Credit unions nationally are facing a crisis of creeping complexities with respect to regulation burdens. Since the beginning of the financial crisis in 2008, credit unions have been subject to more than 202 regulatory changes, from nearly two dozen federal agencies, totaling more than 6,000 pages in the federal register.    Every time a rule is changed, the credit unions and their members incur costs. This must take--they must take time to understand the new regulations, we have to modify our systems, we have to update our internal controls, train our staff, produce the new materials and explain the products or regulations to our members.    Even simple changes in regulation cost the credit union thousands of dollars and many hours of time and resources that could be appropriately spent on serving the needs of our members.    If there's one take-away from the Committee members today is that Washington primarily are regulators and to some extent Congress has challenges understanding how the laws, rules, and regulations apply to small credit unions. I don't believe they get the gist of how it comes down at the very end, how things are run.    As I stated earlier, I am only one employee wearing multiple hats. Overall rules and regulations are written and prescribed with the largest players in mind. Imagine the ease of a trillion dollar bank to add a new compliance manager. At my credit union, I am it. Because of our size and scope we do not have the ability to simply add another person to our staff.    At my credit union I know my members intimately. We know exactly who walks through our door. I know when they have trouble making their mortgage payments or when they need the flexibility in their car loan.    For a $20 million credit union to adapt to the one-size-fits-all approach from Washington simply does not work. At a small credit union because of that closeness with our members, a major regulation designated for implementation at a large financial institution simply does not make sense for us.    Some examples of these, but are not limited to, include the complex factors with the Bank Secrecy Act, the limiting transfers between accounts under Reg D, and the natures of the fees associated that accompany courtesy pay and prescribed by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.    If the Committee were to poll larger financial institutions, their reasons for disagreeing with these regulations would be very different from those of a smaller institution. We basically see the whole ramifications of everything because we're hands-on.    The only recourse we have in the environment is to advise our regulators who recommend we comment on every proposed rule and regulation. This is simply not feasible when you are wearing everything. We don't have time to do that. We understand the need of it, but the time to be able to do it is not there.    I look forward to your questions and hope to provide valuable insight about how we service our community by working to follow the onslaught of new rules, existing regulations and hope for relief in the form of legislation.    My written testimony prescribes a number of recommendations on how to improve the credit union charter and address the regulatory operating environment that impacts both the credit unions and how we serve our members.    Thank you again for having me here today.    Ms. SIMMERS. We're basically like the rest of them. It is so hard to keep up with the regulations. We do what we can, and we know what's important. But I don't think that the regulators, they do these things for the good, but they don't see the bottom line on how it affects the people that are actually under them.    But there is so many that we're having to learn all the time that it does make it hard to run your business.    Ms. SIMMERS. Well, if you even look at us, I started in the credit union at 2000, the year 2000. We were only $3.5 million.    We have grown to $20 million, and it's because of adding services that our members need. But the regulatory does make it hard to comply with everything, and to make sure that we stay safe.    In our community, like we mentioned, we are the only financial institution anymore because of Nevada Bank and Trust having to close one of their doors.    So the regulatory does make a big impact on us and we know everybody. We know what they need. We try to provide the services that they need, but the regulations do make it hard to keep track, keep doing things.    Ms. SIMMERS. Along those lines, you have to remember, in the small community, if we weren't there, there's a lot of people that wouldn't survive.    You have senior citizens that are on a fixed income. They cannot even afford to drive to wherever to get their money. So if the financial institutions in these small towns do not survive, you are going to have a lot of people that don't survive.    We do a lot for our members that are low income, that are elderly, and for the businesses that start up there, they need to have the small financial institutions around for them to be able to survive.    Ms. SIMMERS. It would be bleak in our communities. Because as I said, you have a lot of people that are medium in their income and they can't afford maybe to go somewhere else.    But you do have a lot of people that are either low income or elderly. They cannot go anywhere else. So in shutting our doors, you are hurting those people. Because, say, Nevada Bank & Trust was still open and we weren't, they are the closest thing.    So how are these elderly, or these low income, going to travel 60 miles to get their banking done? You know, it's the same thing with them, they've got added costs on their banks to come down to service even the ATMs in our area, or the local businesses in our area.    So it's kind of a give-and-take between both of us. If something happened to either one of us, it does put a major strain on the people that live there.    Ms. SIMMERS. We see it. I mean they come into our local RV parks. That's where they are staying while they are doing these jobs, and if we weren't there for them, a lot of them, I mean to get their get cash for them, sometimes the ATMs don't work for their card, or something, it puts a strain on the workers that are coming in if our financial institution was not there.    Ms. SIMMERS. I agree. I mean the big regulations that they see, a lot of, if you think about it, the big financial institutions, they take on these and they don't see the trickle-down effect.    Since we do, you know, we basically post all of the stuff ourselves, we see how these little, how the rules affect the end consumer, which I don't think is taken into effect.    So yeah, any big regulation that comes down, I think they should have a different thing for the smaller ones versus the bigger ones.    We don't deal with all the stuff that they do. We deal with a lot, but we know our members, as we've said. We know who comes in.    Ms. SIMMERS. We still do some. We're open-ended loans on our home loans, so we're able to. But on the negative side of that, because we're so small, we do have to do a variable rate interest. That hurts the people at the end, but they get their mortgages.    We don't do a whole lot because we can't have over 50 percent of our loans in that, because we want to protect the credit union. So it is a give and take, where you help, but yet you can't help everybody.    Ms. SIMMERS. I think, you know, if we had a little bit longer maybe for the small ones to comment on some of the regulations. I mean a lot of the regulations are, start out to be needed, but it's the little trickle-down that they don't get some, how things are done.    To even have, you know, a committee that goes through and no matter what kind of business it is, see how this actually, what the regulation, how it affects.    One that I always have a pet peeve on is the Bank Secrecy Act. To me it's kind of stupid if we have to do a fact check on a bank that's in the United States, when they are covered under the government.    It is the little things that happen in these regulations that they don't realize unless you really saw it to the end. You know, we would like to be able to see somebody check up on things and see actually how the regulation is working. Is it doing what it was meant to be.    I'm not as eloquent as a lot of these in talking, you know, I'm from a small community. But we see a lot of things, because we're hands-on, that I don't think the regulators really meant for the regulation to happen. But it just happened to be a trickle-down effect of it. And so it would be interesting to see if, even with, you know, the construction and everything else, if they took the time or had the resources to be able to, once a regulation is passed, to see actually is it doing what it was meant to do for the mass of the population.