    Ms. DeLauro. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. My apologies to you, Dr. Ostroff, but Secretary Burwell was at Labor HHS.    I understand my colleague, Mr. Palazzo, asked about seafood and the explosion of seafood that will be coming from Vietnam and Malaysia. Let me just ask a quick question there because I want to move to a couple of other areas.    My understanding is that we are going to cut off--and this is from the budget--FDA will not increase the number of foreign food facility inspections that it will conduct. The budget indicates that the percentage of port-of-entry inspections for imported food will drop.    Do we have enough money? Do we have enough capacity to be able to deal with this issue? And I am going to ask you for a quick answer because I want to get to Essure.    Ms. DeLauro. I want to make a point about FSMA, which I am a strong supporter of, et cetera. CBO's original score was for $583 million. We have funded--this is our responsibility--a total of $267 million. That is less than half. So therefore, all of the implementation of FSMA, my view, is at risk, and that would include this inspection process that we are dealing with with foreign imports.    I am going to leave it there. But you do not have the money. You do not have the money to deal with what FSMA asked us to do and to protect the food supply coming in. And that is going to increase substantially in tainted food coming from Vietnam and from Malaysia.    Let me move to Essure, which is something I am very concerned about. We have 5,000 adverse event reports filed by doctors and patients about this contraceptive device. I am not going to go into all of the details. We have seen four adult deaths related to the device, five fetal deaths that occurred in women who became pregnant following the placement of Essure.    Thousands of women have signed a citizens petition to get Essure taken off the market. I wrote to you as well, asking for an investigation into this effort and asking that while the investigation is pending, that it come off the market in order to save lives.    We put language into the 2016 Omnibus Appropriations Act that directs the FDA to issue recommendations on how to address concerns raised regarding Essure. The agency has to the end of this month to issue them. Are you going to issue them? And I am going to ask the other question: Are we going to take this product off the market and save women's lives?    Ms. DeLauro. Well, but I am asking you again. I do not know how much more monitoring needs to get done of a product that so far has killed five women and four fetal deaths, and the hundreds of thousands of women who have signed a petition talking about their specific incidents. And in the meantime, while we were going to take some of the 2017 money and look at monitoring, this product is there and women are at risk.    And I do not know how much more data we need in order to be able to say, ``let's take it off the market until you collect more of your data,'' in the meantime, thereby trying to save peoples' lives and pain for women around the country. I strongly urge you to take this off the market until you are finished with an investigation.    Do not tell me on March 1 that we are going to continue to study this effort to make sure that we have all of these various pieces in place while women are suffering out there in the hundreds of thousands--not two, three, 10, 12, 100. Hundreds of thousands who signed the petition.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. DeLauro. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Ostroff, I want to say thank you for the designation of added sugars. I think that is a great thing. And thank you for the work you have done on menu labeling. And we do not have time here at the moment, but if you can get back to me on this recent bill that was passed in the House of Representatives and how that may undermine the work that you have done at FDA to be responsive, quite frankly, to industry concerns, and what would be the ramifications if this was passed into law.    Also, another answer to a question is, can you tell me how this new Office of Dietary Supplement Programs is going to work, if you have the money to do that, and are you moving in the direction of premarket approval for dietary supplements.    Naloxone: The work that you guys are doing in terms of including reclassification of it as an over-the-counter medication, given the scale of the opioids.    And misleading food labeling--I will not go through all of the recent articles on food fraud and mislabeling, a recent discovery that grated products labeled 100 percent parmesan cheese in fact contain higher levels of cellulose than are allowed under the law. This does have trade implications since we are in negotiation with Europe on these things. And I know that U.S. folks want to have these geographic indicators. But if we have a product that is misleading and is not what is in the product, we need to know that, and we rely on you to do that.    But two questions I do want to address a little bit more substantively is the cucumber outbreak, and very serious. Six deaths across 39 states, Salmonella-tainted cucumbers, 888 illnesses, 191 hospitalizations. A public health crisis. What is happening, though, is cucumbers, as I understand it--and I am not a farmer--but they have a two-week shelf life. But CDC is reporting an additional number of consumers being sickened.    So my question is, what is the agency doing to investigate all levels of the supply chain to determine the ongoing source of the contamination? Are you working with food retailers to ensure proper cleanup and decontamination? How are consumers still being sickened if the cucumbers have been recalled and the FDA has issued import notices?    Ms. DeLauro. Foreign supply.    Ms. DeLauro. I am going to try to sneak in one last question, if the Chairman will let me. And this is skyrocketing drug prices. The United States and New Zealand are the only two countries that allow direct-to-consumer drug advertising. In 2007, WHO made a strong recommendation against the practice, calling it, and I quote, ``A significant risk of exposing more patients to the adverse effects of new drugs.''    Federal law does not require the FDA to approve these advertisements before they are released to the public. The ads often run with erroneous or misleading information. The FDA can take action against these companies, but only after the ads have been aired and have been seen by the public, which can sometimes be too late.    What is the FDA's capacity to review all the direct-to-consumer advertisements that get submitted for review? What is your timeline for review? What resources or funding would you need to be able to review the ads in a timely manner?    Ms. DeLauro. OK. A very serious issue because we know that the direct-to-consumer advertising is absolutely linked to the increased health care costs. People see the ad. They think, oh, my God, this is for me. They go to the doctor and they ask for it. And so it is very, very significant issues associated with it.    Thank you very much. And thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. DeLauro. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Welcome to everyone here today.    Mr. Avalos, the USDA Office of Inspector General, they issued a report, and it was entitled, ``AMS Procurement and Inspection of Fruits and Vegetables,'' in which it found fault with the agency's track record on closing out contracts and for not tracing back the source of the produce it was purchasing to ensure that it was from domestic sources.    As you know, the Sacramento Bee revealed that some school districts in California were purchasing canned peaches from China in violation of the Buy American requirements for the National School Lunch Program.    But as part of the 2017 USDA budget submission, the administration is recommending the elimination of Section 730 of the 2016 Omnibus that would prohibit the purchase of poultry product from China for the various nutrition programs USDA administers because there is already a Buy American provision for food purchased by USDA.    In light of the agency's track record on closing out contracts and tracing back the source of food purchases, tell me why we should drop that provision in future appropriations bills.    Ms. DeLauro. Thank you.    Ms. DeLauro. OK.    Ms. DeLauro. Well, but as to that point, just let me say that that's correct. But the majority of the food used in the National School Lunch Program and the School Breakfast Program does not come from USDA commodities. It comes instead from private vendors. Under the USDA regulations, the vendors must use only 51 percent domestic ingredients, meaning that items like chicken burritos or chicken soup may contain Chinese processed chicken at up to 49 percent of the finished product.    Moreover, under the School Lunch/School Breakfast Program, the 51 percent rule may be waived entirely if bids reveal that a domestic product costs significantly more than a foreign product. And there is no 51 percent requirement at all in the child and adult care food program or the Summer Food Service Program.    So, that while that is there, the fact of the matter is that it is--quite frankly, it's meaningless. There are so many ways in which to avoid purchasing American products--and this Section 730 was all about prohibiting the purchase of poultry products from the People's Republic of China, a country that doesn't have exactly a stellar record on food safety. So, there was agreement that we would do this.    Now, to remove that while it is in the Omnibus bill seems to me that why are we trying to do that when we both have a situation of canned fruit from China, and we have a law now that is--you can drive a Mack truck through it.    Ms. DeLauro. Well, but the AMS purchased products for the school lunch program.    Ms. DeLauro. Well, I'm sorry. I don't know--then, I will double-check.    Ms. DeLauro. Well, then it----    Ms. DeLauro. Well, what I would just say is I don't see then--while you are trying to do what has been asked of you with regard to the canned fruit--incidentally from China as well, I might add.    There seems to be a great interest in purchasing products from China overall when we know what the safety record has been on those, and we know that we have no ability, no ability whatsoever, to oversee what is happening in China when they process chicken. We don't know what goes into what. We don't know at what temperature it's done. We have none of that information because we are not overseeing that process.    So, it would seem to me that that section 730 would be a safeguard and that it ought to stay there. And I think you understand that--and especially when we just put it in the Omnibus, overwhelmingly budget deal, budget agreement, etcetera. And now, it's the administration that wants to pull that piece out. I find that very, very troubling, and you can be sure that I will do my best to keep us from turning this around for the safety of the product that we feed our kids in a school lunch program or in a school breakfast program.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.