    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Chairman. Mr. O'Carroll, good to see you again and thank you so much for dedicating your life. I am sure there are/were things you could have done that may have been more pleasant, more profitable, but thanks for doing what you have done.    I admit, there is a misconception out there in the general public that we have these cushy jobs. When I get back home, I tell people, yeah, we only work a half day; it is either the first 12 hours or the second 12 hours. So I know everybody in your agency does the same thing.    You know, when we met the other day someone said, the percentage of fraud is 1 percent. Is that a realistic figure?    Mr. KELLY. No, okay. So we agree it is not realistic. And I would just say from being in the private sector, in addition to putting in 6.2 percent of my pay, I also matched everybody that I worked with every day, to have some type of mutual success. So from an employer standpoint, it was signing checks, and it was 12.4 percent.    Just so we understand, Social Security is made up by people who work. 6.2 percent of the associate's paycheck matched by 6.2 percent of the business owner's. That is 12.4 percent out of every paycheck up to $118,500. So I think on Mr. Gates is probably, Mr. Larson, probably about 7:30 in the morning. So I don't think it would be noon.    But when it comes to fraud and we have talked about this, in the private sector fraud is totally unacceptable because it puts you out of business. Realistically we are nowhere near 1 percent fraud on this, are we?    Mr. KELLY. But without a baseline we don't know. We know the huge difference between a private entity running a business, and the government running a business. When a private entity is not able to control fraud, it goes out of business. In a government entity, all we do is throw more money at it. Somehow hardworking American taxpayers are going to have to find a way to cough up more money, or we are going to have to find a way to extract more money from them.    But when it comes to fraud, the programs themselves--look at just credit card fraud. You look around the country and this is almost getting back to an old thing. When they caught John Dillinger, they asked him, so why do you rob banks? He said, because that is where the money is. I would think the same thing with these programs. They are so easy to break into. It is so easy to go ahead and do this. While there are some penalties--only if you are caught and run through the process and are actually convicted--we are making it so easy for people to do it. It is really, you can't stop it because it is so easy to do. That is my perception.    I have been in a private, family owned business my whole life. We would not be here, 63 years later, if we were able to not worry about where money was being stolen from; just go collect more. So the model changes very dramatically. I have--Mr. Larson, we are on the same page, from its very inception and conception, Social Security was designed in a particular sense in a particular way. It has morphed into something far different.    And I think when you look at the population of beneficiaries--I know we want to take care of people, especially the most vulnerable and those the most at risk--but I think we have developed into a program that just can't say no. And then wonder why we are not able to do it. A tremendous burden is put on the private sector to continue to fund this program, which is at great risk right now. If we don't get this fixed, the insolvency problem will take care of itself. We will be insolvent. We do have the ability to extract more money from taxpayers. We do have the ability to throw money at problems. I am not sure we have the political will to do what is right.    So again, I don't want to take up all our time. In fact, we are done. I sincerely appreciate what you have done. You and I have had conversations, on about a year from now, where you will be. I wish I was going to be there with you. I am not going to be. Still I want to sit down and talk with you, because I think that the real fixes are here. The question is, do we have the stomach to actually do what is necessary to keep this program into effect?    There are too many people that I represent that absolutely rely on Social Security being solvent for the retirement age. The golden years are not turning into golden years for them. They are turning into more worry. So I appreciate everything you have done.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this Mr. Larson, is the cup half full or half empty?    Mr. KELLY. You and I are going to work together on this Social Security thing. I appreciate it. Thank you.    Thanks, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.