    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate you all being here and I share the chairman and ranking member's goal and my vision is to make North America energy secure, energy independent in this region in the Western Hemisphere, to bring stability to the fuel prices.    You know, we have seen the volatility and we saw a lot in the 2004-2008 area when it was just going up and I was paying $5 a gallon for diesel for my Ford Excursion. Luckily, it got 22 miles to the gallon.    But we saw that fluctuation, and when the fluctuation was there it was just--you know, it disrupts the economy, from the guy out there planting corn to the, you know, the cosmetics on the aisle that people buy. It affected everything--pharmaceuticals. And so there is no reason, with our natural resources--correct me if I am wrong--that we should be importing oil from anybody outside of the Western Hemisphere.    Would you agree with that? Is there a need to with the natural resources here?    Mr. Yoho. No, I agree with that. But if we had enough production here--I don't want to control the oil market. It would be nice to stabilize it, you know, and if we stabilize it prices wouldn't show the volatility that they have, and I think if we work together as the Western Hemisphere we could accomplish that.    Let the Middle East, or whoever else wants to produce energy, do that but not to where it affects our market. And, you know, the competition is always good because it keeps the price down and the stable supply will stabilize, you know, the prices.    So with what we have in this hemisphere, I don't see why we are not doing that. And Mr. Sires brought up a perfect example of the geopolitical landscape.    When you have an unstable government or a government that doesn't follow the rule of law or civil society or property rights or they are corrupt you get what we see in a lot of the Latin American countries.    And if I was an oil company I would be hard pressed to invest there when I look at that map and I see what is in North America, and certainly there is a lot of resources off the coasts.    But with what is on the interior is there really a need to do deepwater exploration, deepwater drilling with the risks of that when we have so much on the interior. What are your thoughts on that? Get the low laying fruit?    Mr. Yoho. Okay. On the Keystone Pipeline we get a lot of questions where people say well, it is not going to benefit America at all--all that product is going to be exported.    What are your thoughts on that? How much of that oil would be exported? How much would stay here? How much would be used domestically?    Mr. Yoho. So 70 percent of that oil would stay here domestically and, you know, it is funny how many different things are out there.    When people say it is all going to be exported, it won't benefit America at all and, you know, you try to explain facts and people don't want to listen to that.    What would you recommend about removing our export bans on all petroleum or energy products? I mean, it sounds like you are all in agreement with that, right?    That would help our producers. It would lower prices. It would stabilize the region, and especially if we focus on the Caribbean and our allies with Mexico and any other country in the Western Hemisphere that wanted to be our friends.    I think it would just be a win-win situation and I don't see any reason not to do that. When you look at that possibility and you look at this body, Congress, what do you see as the biggest stumbling block? Is it just the political will? You are amongst friends.    Mr. Yoho. But not crude. Don't do--that is dirty oil.    Mr. Yoho. Yes, sir.    Mr. Yoho. Right.    Mr. Yoho. Mr. Chairman, can I add one more thing? When you--when you and I were in South America and we were sitting--I think it was in Colombia and the oil executives were there, they were talking about the world asset tax they had to pay. Have you heard of that? Good. Do you remember that comment?    I haven't been able to find it and I am, like, what is that, and I haven't been able to find it. So that is good that you don't know about it. Thank you.