    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Maloney, for this series of hearings.    Mr. Grim, thank you for your public service. And having been a member of the Executive Branch before and testified before Congress before, it is a great opportunity, and I appreciate you doing it. But I also urge you to, while you work for the SEC, to also be free to express your personal view by prefacing it as a personal view because we do want to learn what you think about many of these topics.    And on the subject of the Department of Labor, has the SEC written its fiduciary proposal? Do you have in your office a draft proposal on fiduciary based on all the work you have done for the past 4 years?    Mr. Grim. We are in the process of developing a recommendation.    Mr. Hill. Would you say you are in the ninth inning of that recommendation or the first inning? Tell me where you are in the process.    Mr. Grim. I'm sorry, could you say it again?    Mr. Hill. Are you in the ninth inning of developing the recommendation or the first inning? Where are you exactly? It reports to you, so I am sure you have a good feel for where it stands.    Mr. Grim. I think, I forget exactly the words that Chair White used in announcing her support for and asking the staff for us to develop a recommendation for the Commission. I don't think she used a baseball analogy, which inning it was in--    Mr. Hill. Pick one. I don't care. Tell me where you are in the process.    Mr. Grim. I think front burner, is what--    Mr. Hill. No, no, no, no, not that it is important. I am asking you, where are you in the development of the process? Are we almost through with it, through with it, waiting on your desk to send it to the Commission for their review? Where are we in the process?    Mr. Grim. We are developing it for the Commission's consideration.    Mr. Hill. When will it go to the Commission?    Mr. Grim. As soon as it is ready.    Mr. Hill. When did you start the process?    Mr. Grim. This issue of uniform duty for brokers and advisers even predates Dodd-Frank. There was discussion about kind of the morphing of the broker-dealer and investment adviser business even before that. But clearly since Dodd-Frank, the staff, with its SEC staff study that it was required to provide to Congress within 6 months after Dodd-Frank, we did that, so we have been working on it certainly since then.    Mr. Hill. But isn't this--excuse me for interrupting--exactly to Mr. Scott's point, that this is ridiculous that it takes this long? This is an important topic, but we have studied it for 4 years, and now the Department of Labor is preempting your work? Aren't they preempting your work, Mr. Grim, in your personal opinion, not the opinion of the Commission or the Chair?    Mr. Grim. It is absolutely an important topic but it is complicated, right?    Mr. Hill. Oh, I don't--I have been in this industry for 35 years. I understand the complication. I understand the importance of your work. I am just simply asking you, is the Department of Labor preempting the important work the Commission has done, ordered by the statute of Dodd-Frank? In your view?    Mr. Grim. DOL and the SEC have different statutes, different mandates. I think that it is up to DOL what to do with ERISA and its statutes.    Mr. Hill. But won't that be confusing for investment advisers and their clients to have these two different competing standards that are actually in conflict with each other in sales practice issues?    Mr. Grim. That confusion issue is certainly something that we are very focused on and continue to focus on in developing our recommendation.    Mr. Hill. So you are just advocating to the Department of Labor, you are just going to adopt their proposal, because shouldn't you have the preeminent view in this, your expertise?    Mr. Grim. Labor is--    Mr. Hill. But it will be conflicting, won't it? How could you not have a conflicting standard? Because it is not in keeping with the 1940 Act and all the years. We talked about 70 years of oversight of investment advisers. Won't this be in conflict, the DOL rule and create a lot of confusion?    Mr. Grim. That is clearly something that we at the SEC are focused on as we develop our recommendation. I don't know. I assume that DOL would be--    Mr. Hill. I will take that as it is confusing, because obviously I think you are confused by that. Let me switch subjects.    Securities receive safe harbors for SEC research purposes. Isn't that right, generally?    Mr. Grim. Yes.    Mr. Hill. So is there any reason why those same safe harbors shouldn't be extended to exchange traded funds on research for exchange traded funds, in your view?    Mr. Grim. I would say in response to that, that of course we are very supportive of good research about all kinds of securities.    Mr. Hill. I know you are. I think that goes back to the 1933 and 1934 Acts. But do you agree that those same safe harbors for research on an individual company should be extended to independent research on an exchange traded fund, yes or no?    Mr. Grim. Because the Act 1933 and the 1934 Act are a little bit--    Mr. Hill. Or the 1940 Act, pick an Act. Don't get--let's not talk about the Acts. Do you believe that the SEC research safe harbor should be afforded to exchange independent research on exchange traded funds?    Mr. Grim. In looking at research about ETFs, I think we would look at it to encourage it to be good, subject to adequate investor protections. I don't know the details of how taking the 1933 and the 1934 Acts' safe harbors and applying it to our world, I just--I don't know how it would work or not.    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I think.    And I yield back.