    Mr. Bucshon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, this is another instance, I think, that maybe a lot of good people are put in a bad spot. And I appreciate all your testimony and what you are trying to do to improve the situation.    From your testimony, Ms. Bawden, it appears that the oversight framework shifts from one administration to the other. This is not a criticism of any administration in general. My concern is that come a new administration, whomever that may be, that somebody may want to develop a whole new approach to oversight.    I fully understand that political appointees carry out policy issues of whatever administration is in place. However, it seems to me on critical issues like this that maybe there needs to be people in charge that span administrations, that don't have the ability to change policy every time something changes. That doesn't make any sense to me.    And the reason I say this, because across the Government what happens is agencies wait you out. If the agency itself, as a whole, doesn't like what you are trying to do, they just wait you out until the next people come, and they sustain a problem that just keeps happening.    You have heard from many of the members who have been on this subcommittee for years, maybe decades, that this is a recurring theme. It is going continue to recur. We are going to be here probably 2 or 3 years from now, and people in your positions, who are from the next administration, are going to be, unfortunately, put in front of us trying to explain what an agency has been doing, literally, for decades that you can't change, and that is unfortunate.    So, Ms. Bawden, do you think this is wise, this is a wise way to run something as critical as this? I mean, is this wise?    Mr. Bucshon. Again, it is not a criticism of political appointees. This is a criticism of a system that may not be wise in certain critical areas of agencies. I get you are going to have a secretary of energy, I get you are going to have people appointed down the line, but certain areas, maybe, it is just not appropriate.    I mean, Ms. Creedon, what do you think? First of all, you are a graduate of University of Evansville, which is in my hometown, so welcome.    What do you think?    Mr. Bucshon. And, again, I want to make it clear, I am not criticizing the workforce. It is the system, right?    Mr. Bucshon. And I am sure they do.    Mr. Bucshon. Understood.    Mr. Whitney, do you have any comments on that?    Mr. Bucshon. Then you have a very good view of this, which you probably can't say here publicly, but I understand.    Mr. Bucshon. Yes.    Mr. Bucshon. I think that is accurate.    One of the other things that frustrates me is you can never put your finger on who actually is responsible at the end of the day, right? And we need to hold people more responsible, whether that is career or political appointees.    Any time we try to ferret that out here in oversight hearings, at the end of the day, there is no one person that we can put our finger on, and that is very frustrating.    Quickly, the cost, $70 million in contractor fines, half a billion dollars for the taxpayer potentially. I mean, is that a fair way to divvy that up? I mean, if we determine who is responsible, it seems to me if it is the agency responsible, then fine. If it is the contractor responsibility, then they should pay the whole thing. You can submit that answer for the record.    Mr. Bucshon. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.