    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Chairman Marino.    Gentlemen, thank you all for being here today. The industries that you represent are essential to manufacturing in this country both with respect to job creation and economic growth, and they're certainly vital to the families in the fourth congressional district of Texas, which I'm honored to represent. So from my perspective, this hearing couldn't be more timely or more critical.    And, frankly, in hearings like this, I'm at a loss when I hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle express concern about reforms that would force regulatory agencies to be more deliberative and more thoughtful, as if that's troubling or a bad thing. And I couldn't agree with you more, Mr. Clark, when you said that this is really a separation of powers issue. And I would certainly hope that folks on both sides of the aisle would agree that we'd be better off in this country if we were solving the problems that need solving in our communities, not by regulations legislated by unelected bureaucrats at unaccountable agencies, but instead by statutes legislated by an accountable Congress.    So let me turn to you, Mr. Noe, because the impact of your members, those in the paper and the wood products manufacturing industry, is a big economic driver in the fourth congressional district of Texas. I want to make sure that those businesses and the families that they represent aren't crushed by regulations that require not just millions, but in some cases billions of dollars in compliance costs. In your testimony, you talked about sustainability efforts that the paper and wood products manufacturing industry has had to take in recent years, and you talked about costly regulations from the Federal Government, and additional $10 million in new capital obligations that you expect will come in the coming years, and that that is a regulatory burden that you called unsustainable.    With that in mind, do you think that the REVIEW Act that we're considering, H.R. 3438, would actually incentivize agencies to work with stakeholders in the paper and wood manufacturing industry before issuing regulations thereby resulting in more legally sound rules and, in fact, significantly reducing regulation that we have in this country?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Noe.    Mr. Brady, your industry, the home builders that is important in my district and every district I would hope in this country. I want to give you an opportunity to expound on Mr. Noe's comments and answer the same question.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, I thank the gentleman. I wish I had more time to expound and highlight on these issues today. But I see my time has expired, so with that, I yield back Mr. Chairman.