    Mr. Meyerson. Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to speak before you today. Assured access to space is a national priority and a challenge that we must meet domestically. Blue Origin is working to deliver the American engine to maintain U.S. leadership in space and deliver critical national security capabilities.    Our partnership with ULA is fully funded and offers the fastest path to a domestic alternative to the Russian RD-180 without requiring taxpayer dollars. For more than a decade, we have steadily advanced our capabilities, flying five different rocket vehicles and developing multiple liquid rocket engines. We are spending our own money rather than taxpayer funds. And we are taking a clean sheet approach to development. As a result, we are able to outcompete the Russians, building modern American engines to serve multiple launch vehicles.    Our recent successes demonstrate that. In April of this year, our BE-3 engine performed flawlessly, powering our New Shepard space vehicle to the edge of space. The BE-3 is the first new American hydrogen engine to fly to space in more than a decade. United Launch Alliance recognized the merits of our approach when they selected our BE-4 for their Vulcan rocket. The BE-4 improves performance at a lower cost and is already more than 3 years into development. Most importantly, it is on schedule to be qualified in 2017 and ready for first flight on the Vulcan in 2019, 2 years ahead of any alternative.    Being available 2 years earlier means that there is 2 years less reliance on the Russians. As with any ox-rich staged-combustion development, there are many technical challenges. Blue has made conscious decisions, design choices to mitigate risk. And we also have an extensive testing program underway, completing more than 60 staged-combustion tests and multiple hotfire tests on our powerpack to date. Full BE-4 engine testing is on track, on schedule to be completed or being conducted by the end of next year. And because we own our own test facilities, we can do this much faster. Blue is well capitalized, and significant private investment has been made in the facilities, equipment, and personnel needed to make the BE-4 a success.    The engine is fully funded primarily by Blue with support from ULA and does not require government funding to be successful. Instead of duplicating private efforts, the U.S. Government should focus its resources on developing the next generation of launch vehicles to meet national security requirements.    In conclusion, no new engine can simply be dropped into an existing launch vehicle. Launch vehicles have to be designed around their engines. And launch vehicle providers are the ones who are best able to decide what type of engine they need. Thank you.    And I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Meyerson. According to our customer at ULA, we understand it is. It is comparable or better than what is being, the RD-180.    Mr. Meyerson. We believe the engine will be qualified in 2017 and certified for flight on the Vulcan in 2019 or ready for the first flight on the Vulcan in 2019, with certification of the system coming after. We have been working at this for more than 3 years. And we have the facilities and the people and processes and equipment in place to do so. So we have high confidence in our schedule. We are testing hardware now. We are testing today. So the confidence, the level of data is well ahead of any alternative. So that is what gives us the confidence in our schedule.    Mr. Meyerson. Yes.    Mr. Meyerson. So our engine runs in liquid oxygen and liquified natural gas. So, no, as it is, as the Atlas is designed, it will not integrate with the Atlas.    Mr. Meyerson. That is right.    Mr. Meyerson. In terms of the RD-180 and the importance and the efficiency of the cycle, yes, I agree. I think, you know, if you look back to the time that Lockheed Martin, ULA's parent, and the choice of the RD-180 was an enabler for the Atlas V. That Atlas V rocket would not have worked without the RD-180. Today, I think it is time to take a fresh look and look at a new engine. The ox-rich staged-combustion cycle is critical. And that is what Blue Origin has chosen for the BE-4. But the BE-4 is the enabler for the next generation of American launch vehicles. And it is--the choice of methane, liquified natural gas, as the propellant is one of those enablers.    Mr. Meyerson. Well, can I add to Mr. Culbertson's comment, his response? The key word was that 10 years of investment by the Russian government to develop a replacement for the NK-33, which was developed into the AJ-26, that is the key point. Ten years, and we don't know how much money was invested. The BE-4 is being developed. It is fully funded. We are more than 3 years into development. So this engine is real. There is real hardware to see. It is not a paper engine.    Mr. Meyerson. I think that is a better question for Mr. Bruno. But the engine, when you are developing a new engine, you start with requirements, and the details really matter. Because the BE-4 is so far along in its development, those details are much more well understood so that Mr. Bruno's team at ULA can look at that and design the right system to meet the national security need.    Mr. Meyerson. I think if the government fully invested in the system, they should own the IP, yes.    Mr. Meyerson. I think the contracting methods, there is public-private partnerships, and there are mechanisms that can be in place to allow industry to invest and account for shared ownership.    Mr. Meyerson. I think--yeah, I think that the requirements are clear. Yes.    Mr. Meyerson. In the very long term, yes, we do. Our first iteration we are working on is our suborbital New Shepard vehicle, which we flew last month, and our focus on our rocket engines as a merchant supplier to ULA and other companies and making those engines available.    Mr. Meyerson. By and large, I will say no. Engines that are greater than 250,000 pounds in thrust, there has been no large methane engine that has been built and flown to space that I know of. We have been busily working on the BE-4, and we have made some specific design choices to mitigate any risk with that development, design choices in our chamber pressure, design choices in our injector, and design choices in our materials that will give us confidence that we can develop this engine by the end of next year, get into testing, and meet the Vulcan launch vehicle requirements.    Mr. Meyerson. Can I just add one comment to that? We talked about methane, but the choice of fuel for the BE-4 is liquefied natural gas, which is commercially available methane. It is the commodity that you can buy, and the infrastructure in the U.S. is growing rapidly in the last decade. So we have chosen LNG because it is cheap. It is four times cheaper than kerosene, RP-1, the rocket propellant grade. It is available, and it is clean. So it supports reusability applications, which we are interested in, in the long term. And those are very important points that I want to add.