    Mr. Orso. Thank you, ma'am.    We have a very robust governance process that looks at the requirements, the out-year requirements. And then as the projects are actually accomplished within MITRE, the process that we use ensures that they have a plan to scope--down scope or down scale their support to any given program. And that's built in at the AIPT level and all of the other activities that we're placing on contract with the vendor.    Mr. Orso. I would have to go bring you something for the record, ma'am. I'd have to take that for the record.    Mr. Orso. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Orso. On the program side, sir, we have a feedback loop, a mechanism, where from the PMT and from feedback from the program offices in particular, they'll either come to the EPMO, my organization, or Michele's organization, and Ms. Foster and I have a weekly call in which we discuss the performance of the contractors or the vendors, in this case the FFRDC. And where there is--if there is an issue, we will address it accordingly.    So the program offices that are being provided the support have routine check-ins with either my staff or Michele's staff in various capacities.    Mr. Orso. Thank you, Michele.    Ma'am, Ranking Member Kuster, so the way that the process works, there is another layer that we should talk about to make this clear. At the executive level across every business line, we have representatives to bring their out year requirements to a forum in which we review them for consideration and to plan, and we can look at them across the agency and integrate those requirements in a very comprehensive way. And that in and of itself is a huge mechanism for savings and for integrating activity.    Those recommendations as they're brought forward go to the FERC, what we refer to as the FERC--it is the next level up; it's the highest level of leadership within VA below the Secretary really--and they validate those requirements, which then the business owners, the program managers, those folks, will plan for in the out years.    Now, when those requirements are developed and procurement packages are created, they'll go through a vetting process where a business line is going to determine whether he or she has the capacity within his organization to perform some of those activities on his own with his own staff, government FTE, or whether it should be--potentially go to the FFRDC, as had been planned.    I will give the example of the My VA activities; those things were not planned. So they've come out, and we are responding to those as they are emerging from the initiatives themselves. However, the consideration is still made for whether or not it is appropriate for the FFRDC or should it be a commercial vendor. That happens at the AIPT.    I would add that as far as the expertise goes, so My VA in particular is a monumental undertaking. Clearly we have a huge organization dispersed across a Nation in pockets of places. I mean, it's a tremendously difficult thing to change and to integrate. And that is really what the Secretary is trying to do, is to deliver an integrated enterprise that supports the veteran with the veteran at the center of our business model. We don't----    Mr. Orso. Ma'am, let me clarify.    Mr. Orso. We certainly have some support from the FFRDC within my VA; but, yes, that is being run by the government, by Mr. Snyder is the executive director.    But the point I am trying to make is it is a very complex effort that we don't have the expertise to carry out or the capacity in some cases. And it would not be appropriate for a commercial vendor in most of these cases to support us in those efforts. And the reason really is because it would create a conflict of interest where they could come back on the execution end of the planning and have an insight into what we were already attempting to do; and they would have an increased position to receive that award because of the information they had received or been a party to.    So in my view, the governance structure that we have in place is about as effective as it could possibly get. I do realize there are some gaps that GAO has identified. But from a balancing of resource perspective, this is a very solid governance system, ma'am.    Mr. Orso. All right, I'll take that. I'll try to respond to that, Mr. Roe, sir, if I may.    So I represent the programs in VA, or the business as we would describe it. And with the FFRDC, what they really provide is, if we are building something new, the program structure maybe that would have performance requirements, and let's say it is a large acquisition that we are looking for, a large new program.    The FFRDC folks would help us think through those requirements in a way that we could operationalize or execute them. But the execution of that, the development of those things, would be given to a commercial vendor to satisfy the thinking, the planning portion of that, the generating of the ideas and how it would be best resolved. They would assist us with those types of things. It depends on the type of requirement. They have competencies----    Mr. Orso. I would say, so they are very sophisticated consultants, yes, that have a special relationship with us, and they can have access to information that we wouldn't give to a commercial vendor. Because that commercial vendor would have an unfair advantage when it came time to execute or to bid on the contract that was going to result from that development activity.    Mr. Orso. That's a great way to describe it, yes, sir.    Mr. Orso. So I think----