    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you for being here, Director Saldana.    Mr. Cartwright. I want to revisit what the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica, said, he had a chart up and he showed you that for about 25 seconds. Had you ever seen that before, Director Saldana?    Mr. Cartwright. OK. Did you get a full chance to analyze what subset of immigration data that was representing, director?    Mr. Cartwright. And are you aware of any reason members of this committee could not have provided you that chart ahead of time so that you could have analyzed it and answered questions intelligently about it?    Mr. Cartwright. OK. Since we are talking about statistics, under the Obama Administration, DHS has enforced U.S. immigration laws, resulting in the removal of more unauthorized immigrants in the United States than during any other administration in United States history. Am I correct in that?    Mr. Cartwright. All right. The removal of criminals has also more than doubled from the prior administration, that is, the George W. Bush Administration. Removal of criminals has more than doubled from the Bush Administration, from 84,000 in 2003 to 207,000 in 2012, another record high. Are you aware of that, director?    Mr. Cartwright. All right.    I want to talk about the DHS funding bill. A few years ago we had bipartisan momentum in the House of Representatives for comprehensive immigration reform. But that was before what I call the shutdown crowd took over. And it is not all the Republicans, but there is a certain element of them that I call the shutdown crowd. Last year the shutdown crowd among the Republicans refused to budge on immigration reform, they refused to take action on the Senate-passed bipartisan comprehensive reform bill.    So, of course, the Administration carried out a series of executive orders to address the problems directly, and since then the Republicans have focused their efforts really on attacking the President rather than attacking the problem of comprehensive immigration reform. In fact, they were willing to, yes, shut down the Department of Homeland Security over it. They held the DHS funding bill hostage to protest the executive actions; they refused even to allow a vote on comprehensive immigration reform.    Director Saldana, when your agency heard that Congress might not pass a DHS funding bill in time, what did ICE have to do to prepare for the possibility of a shutdown?    Mr. Cartwright. What sort of resources and staffing did you have to redirect to make the preparations for the shutdown?    Mr. Cartwright. I don't mean to interrupt, but can you give us an idea, a ballpark figure, of how much it costs to get ready for this shutdown that was looming at the time?    Mr. Cartwright. In your opinion, was that a wise use of taxpayer funds?    Mr. Cartwright. Yield back.