    Mr. Shimkus. I would like to call the hearing to order and recognize myself for an opening statement.    Today's hearing focuses on challenges facing rural water systems. I congratulate and thank the ranking member of the subcommittee Mr. Tonko and the vice chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Harper, for their bipartisan work to raise the profile of this issue before this subcommittee.    According to the Census Bureau, approximately 27 percent of the U.S. population lives in rural areas. The smallest water systems account for 77 percent of all systems. As someone who proudly represents communities in small town in rural America, I am glad we have bipartisan interest in tackling this subject.    Under the Safe Drinking Water Act, small and rural drinking water supply systems are subject to a number of drinking water regulations issued by EPA. These requirements include systems monitoring, treatment to remove certain contaminants, and reporting. Addressing these matters requires technical, managerial, and physical capabilities that are difficult to develop and are often beyond the capacity of these towns to afford on the same scale as urban centers, particularly when it comes to regulatory compliance.    It is ironic that these communities where residents work hard to support their families and their local governments, while often earning wages below those of their counterparts in the more urbanized area, face per-customer compliance costs and demands that are disproportionate to many larger communities. Sometimes it is just a matter of having the ability to keep up with the red tape.    While I am sure we will explore the funding mechanisms under EPA, the Agriculture Department, and other Federal agencies, it is not just a matter of throwing more scarce money at the problem. Rather, it is about smartly assessing what the needs are for these systems, prioritizing the importance of those needs, finding out whether the current system can be improved to remove unnecessary burdens and eliminate bureaucracy, and examining whether voluntary or other collaboratory efforts can aid where Congress cannot.    I want to thank our witnesses who have put their lives on hold to battle the elements and join us. People who live in rural communities deserve every bit of the water quality and technical resources that folks who lives in densely populated urban centers do. We look forward to your wisdom in helping us understand these issues.    Thanks again to Mr. Tonko and Mr. Harper for their work on this issue. I know Mr. Tonko has an interest in addressing some drinking water issues, and I appreciate the work he and Mr. Harper are doing to break the ice with this first effort.    Mr. Shimkus. With that, I would like to yield to the vice chair for the remainder of my time.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    And I have a remaining minute left.    Does anyone seek recognition on my side? If not, the Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time.    Chair now looks to the Republican side. Anybody seek recognition? Seeing no one, the Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentlemen yield backs his time.    Now, the Chair would like to welcome our panel. I will introduce you one at a time. Your full statement is submitted for the record. You will have 5 minutes. Again, we expect votes between 10:45 and 11:15. I think we will get through the opening statements, and then we will see how it goes.    So, with that, I would like to first recognize Mr. Alfredo Gomez, Director of the natural resources and environmental area for the Government Accountability Office. Welcome, sir. And you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. If you just pull that a little bit closer. And, for our other panelists, if you notice, there is a button in the middle and so hit that button when it is time to speak. And just pull that mike a little bit closer.    Thank you.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Now, I would like to recognize Mayor Joseph Keegan, obviously mentioned by my ranking member, Mr. Tonko, from upstate New York. I see it is Castleton on the Hudson as a----    Mr. Shimkus. And I know the Hudson. I lived in a small technical school down south on the river, the West Point school for wayward boys. So that is my alma mater and so I know the river and the valley real well. So welcome, and we are glad to have to you.    You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Since my district mostly has communities below 2,500 people, I thank you for those thank-you comments because hopefully they are paying attention, also.    Those bells signal that we have been called to vote early. I think we will just break here. We, as a Congress, I don't think, are going to be in a hurry today. So most of us will all get back here and hear the final testimony and then go into questions.    So, with that, I will recess the hearing.    Mr. Shimkus. We will call the hearing back to order, and now I will turn to Mr. K.T. Newman on behalf of the Rural Water Association.    Sir, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much, and welcome, Mayor Hill. It is good to have you with us also.    I would now like to turn to Mr. Bobby Selman on behalf of the Mississippi Rural Water Association.    And you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Thank you.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Our last but not least panelist is Mr. Robert Stewart, who is the Executive Director of the Rural Community Assistance Partnership.    Welcome, sir, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    And I will recognize myself 5 minutes for the starting of the questioning.    And just before I start, I am in my 19th year. My first district was 19 counties. My second Congressional district was 30 counties, and now I represent 33 counties out of 102.    So we have really been able to access and use the USDA rural development and rural water, and it has really helped and kind of forced a push to regionalism and kind of closing the gaps of water or addressing the challenges that small communities have because they just--in rural America sometimes these communities are shrinking. I mean, they are not growing. They are shrinking. So their base to keep up, especially with new capital expenses. So that is--in my area it has been a very, very successful program, and I just throw that out because I have great people work on that, and they have done great work.    I would like to go to Mr. Gomez first, and you have heard some of our witnesses claiming that the drinking water State Revolving Funds are not being made available to provide safe drinking water to the needs of our most needy communities.    Is there a way to measure across the country whether the drinking water State Revolving Fund is meeting its Congressionally intended purpose or authorized purpose?    Mr. Shimkus. Great. Well, thank you.    Are there any reports that show how fast this drinking water funding is spent, by whom, and where it goes, including distribution to the neediest communities?    Mr. Shimkus. Great. Thank you.    Mr. Stewart, in your testimony you state that EPA State Revolving Fund needs to be, and I am quoting, ``better managed to meet small system needs.''    Can you elaborate a little bit more on that?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    My last question for Mayor Keegan, Mr. Newman, and Mr. Selman, can you just give us briefly your success on the State Revolving Fund versus the RUS, or do you access that? And why don't we go with Mr. Keegan first and----    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    Mr. Newman?    Mr. Shimkus. Mr. Selman?    Mr. Shimkus. My time is expired, and I know Mr. Stewart wanted to answer, but I need to go to Mr. Tonko who is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time.    The Chair now recognizes the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Harper, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time.    Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Yes. If I may interrupt--he is saying, do you think that the authorization amount should be raised across the country? That is the----    Mr. Shimkus. If we reauthorize----    Mr. Shimkus. Way over time.    Mr. Shimkus. I thank my colleague.    Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Murphy, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. For the second time, I am going to try to be quicker on the gavel so everyone gets a chance for----    Mr. Latta is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman's time is expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia.    Mr. Shimkus. I thank my colleague.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Well, thank you very much.    And I thank my ranking member and my vice chair, who is, you know, trying to lead this charge, too.    Last but not least, Mr. Cramer from a rural State of North Dakota.    So you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentlemen yields back his time.    It looks like we are about gone. Do you have anything else you want to say and take an opportunity?    Mr. Shimkus. Yes. I want to thank the ranking member for those comments.    And, again, thank you for being here. I think it is just going to energize us to try to--you know, I have kind of asked Mr. Tonko and Mr. Harper to now get together and try to see where there are similarities and agreements so that we can kind of move forward together.    And you could see where there is a lot of areas in our country that are kind of left behind just because they are small. And it is not a political statement. It is just the nature of our country.    So I really appreciated the involvement of my colleagues, too. So thank you.    I need some business to do. I ask unanimous consent that all subcommittee members have 5 legislative days to submit opening statements for the record. Without objection, so ordered.    Also unanimous consent inserting a letter from Dr. Ralph Jones and a letter and a report from the Environmental Working Group.    Without objection, so ordered. \1\---------------------------------------------------------------------------    \1\ The information has been retained in committee files and also is available at  http://docs.house.gov/meetings/IF/IF18/20150227/103031/HHRG-114-IF18-20150227-SD005.pdf.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Mr. Shimkus. And remind folks that members of the committee have 10 days to submit written questions for the witnesses to be included. You may get some as follow-up. We would ask that you answer those and return those, if you can.    And that is, without objection, so ordered.    And with that, the hearing is adjourned.