    Mrs. Maloney. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I'm going to reserve my questions to the closed session, but I would like to clear up some misconceptions.    I would say that the campaign season is upon us, and the accusations and the charges and the attacks are almost out of control. I just spent--I won't get into it, but anyway.    For several weeks the chairman has been appearing on national television saying that the reason that he cannot see these emails is because the FBI produced to Congress is because they are such a highly sensitive, classified, high level. And for example, he stated that these materials were--and I would like to put his quote in the record--``so secure and sensitive that even I, as the chairman of the Oversight Committee, did not have the proper clearance to see it.''    But in fact, as I understand it, Mr. Herring, Chairman Chaffetz has not been able to view these documents. The reason he hasn't been able to see them is because the Republican chairman of the Intelligence Committee has not allowed him to do so. The documents were produced and given to the Intelligence Committee, and the Intelligence Committee has a process by which they release the documents to people, and he has the same clearance as any other Member of Congress who's not on the Intelligence Committee. And so the reason he hasn't been able to get them is because his own party's leadership has not voted to give him this clearance.    Now, a--as I understand it, the FBI produced a small subset of these emails only to the Intelligence Committee. And according to House rules, the Intelligence Committee has the jurisdiction over certain agencies, and these agencies report to the Intelligence Committee.    So it has a process in place. And for any member who's not on the Intelligence Committee, to see these documents, and they need to send a letter to the committee, which Chairman Chaffetz did, and I have his letter from September 2, and I request unanimous consent to place it into the record.    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. So he sent this letter saying he'd like to see them and asked permission, and the Intelligence Committee needs to take a vote. Now, as I understand it, the chairman of the committee has not scheduled a vote that would allow the chairman to see these documents.    Now, I--I just feel that a lot of this is just pure plain politics as usual, stirring up a hornet's nest over documents he can't see, which are being withheld by his own party. And it seems that they do not want to open up the Intelligence Committee's jurisdiction at this point. I don't know why they're not taking the vote that would allow him to see these documents.    But what our committee's engaged in is nothing--in my opinion, nothing more than a partisan election bashing exercise stating that these emails can't be seen when they can be seen if his own party votes to let him see it. So I just say that it's politics as usual, and I'm disturbed about it.    There is a problem with the classification system. We all saw that in the last hearing. Let's work together to correct it. But this whole charade is just that, a charade. These documents are not being withheld from the chairman because of anything any of these witnesses have done. They are being withheld by the Republican chairman of the Intelligence Committee.    So I respectfully suggest to my chairman that we bring in the chairman of the Intelligence Committee and ask him why he doesn't have a vote and release the documents to you. It is not the FBI but the House Select Committee on Intelligence who's withholding these documents. So----    Mrs. Maloney. I most certainly will.    Mrs. Maloney. But reclaiming my time. I get to close in my time. You took all my time. I thought the chairman could----    Mrs. Maloney. I think the chairman can have all the time he wants.    I'd just like to conclude by saying, and I'd just ask for a second, just a second, what our committee is engaged in is nothing but a partisan attack on Secretary Clinton with an effort to harm or undermine her presidential campaign. That's all it is.    Get the chairman of the Intelligence Committee to release the documents to you. No one is withholding it. The Intelligence Committee has jurisdiction over agencies, including the FBI. They release their information. They have a process. You have appealed to that process. Let's wait for that process. Ask him why he's not taking a vote to give you access to these documents.    You're making it look like there's some conspiracy or some terrible thing happening when it's really nothing but a partisan attack on Secretary Clinton.    Mrs. Maloney. Mr. Chairman, may I respond?    Mrs. Maloney. In the hearings that we've had, the witnesses have testified that that personal information that has been redacted has been to protect the privacy of people and personal information. That's on record. But in the classified section, we can have more of this clarified.