    Mr. Ashford. Thank you. This is very interesting. I am interested in your point about that it is really our job to address these things, and maybe we haven't. Is it correct to say that the last real comprehensive legislative approach to poverty was the War on Poverty in Johnson's Administration? Has there been any other real comprehensive big look at poverty?    Mr. Ashford. Okay.    Mr. Doar.--significant piece of legislation, and----    Mr. Ashford. Okay. And that was----    Mr. Ashford. I was just asking----    Mr. Doar.--Congress--President--on that for a long time, and some progress was made, and some setbacks have occurred.    Mr. Ashford. So I guess the answer is that wasn't the last time?    Mr. Ashford. Okay.    Mr. Ashford. No, but I----    Mr. Ashford. Right. And that is my point. I don't think there has been a comprehensive look-see at this since the 1960s, and there had been efforts, and the farm bill is one, obviously. There are other efforts like welfare reform. We were involved in doing a welfare reform bill in Nebraska when I was in the legislature, 1994. So, I am aware of those things, and that bill dealt with poverty, it dealt with income disparity, it dealt with incentives to work, and all those sorts of things. But I don't think there has been a comprehensive approach. This year it looks like we may have a comprehensive approach on mental health in the Murphy bill that is going through the Congress now. That has been decades where we haven't had a comprehensive approach on mental health.    I served as Executive Director of a housing authority in Omaha, Nebraska.    Mr. Ashford. It was a very challenging job, and all these issues in that job. Clearly the issue of the cliff effect, when someone gets a job, and then loses their public housing immediately, which is exactly what happens. The idea of how much do you spend on these programs in a static sense, how much do you put into the budget for a program, is really not the way to analyze these things. It would seem to me that the way to analyze these efforts is what does it save over time? And so I support and would love to see some ideas about ex-offenders, with housing, and with veterans. Every hearing we have had this year, and they have been great. I like these hearings. I think we could have as many hearings as we can have, because we are identifying the problem, and the solution is inter-agency collaboration.    Mr. Ashford. You have already said it, so I guess you don't need to say it again. I honestly don't know why we don't do it. I mean, we need that same comprehensive approach we are doing to mental health, with the Murphy bill and other things, to really address this. It isn't just the farm bill, and the farm bill can't----    Mr. Ashford. Right. So the Commission report suggests that a comprehensive approach, or an inter-agency approach is not only a good idea, but it is essential, critical, can't be any other way. Is that sort of----    Mr. Ashford. That makes me feel better. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Thanks, Brad. Mr. Allen, 5 minutes.