    Mr. Kamenar. Thank you, Chairman Franks, Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Cohen, and Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me here again this morning to testify on Origination Clause as I did in April 2014 along with Mr. Gaziano.    I want to particularly thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your continued leadership on this issue and your fidelity to your oath of office to support and defend the Constitution by reintroducing House Resolution 392 with many of your colleagues, expressing the sense of the House that the Affordable Care Act violates the Origination Clause, and by filing a friend-of-the-court brief with 45 of your colleagues in the court of appeals and the Supreme Court in the pending Sissel case. And I am very honored to have represented you along with my co-counsel, Joseph Schmitz, in that case, and we have submitted the brief and the dispositive law review article for the record.    And I, finally, applaud you for holding these important hearings to remind the Congress, the executive, the judiciary, and the American people, of the critical importance of the Origination Clause to the founding of this country and how it is in jeopardy to being reduced to nullity.    Now, the history of the clause, as we say in our brief and my statement, few clauses have such a rich and historical significance as the Origination Clause. With its origins in the Magna Carta of 1215 A.D., the principle of taxation only by the immediate Representatives of the people was so firmly entrenched in English tradition, and its implementation on the American side of the Atlantic was nearly universal in colonial and early State legislatures.    As the Chairman noted, without its guarantee, the 1787 convention and ensuing ratification debates, our Constitution would simply not exist, at least not in its present form, that the restriction of the Senate from originating taxes was the cornerstone of the accommodation of the Great Compromise, which satisfied the necessary number of States to ratify our Constitution.    Let me quickly address the first part of the clause, which says all bills for raising revenue must originate in the House. Does the Affordable Care Act raise revenue? That's an easy answer. Of course, it does. Yet in a remarkable decision, the majority panel the D.C. Circuit said that the bill which raises $500 billion in new taxes is not a revenue-raising bill because its primary purpose is to promote health care and not raise revenue. There is simply no logical or historical basis for this novel interpretation. As the four dissenting judges in Sissel noted, the act imposes numerous taxes to raise revenue, $473 billion in revenue over 10 years. It's difficult to say with a straight face that a bill raising $473 billion in revenue is not a bill for raising revenue.    Now, if the purpose test is correct, the Senate could easily circumvent, as Mr. Gaziano said, by attaching any kind of purpose to raising taxes, to protect the military, the environment, health care, and I note that even Mrs. Wydra and her clients in the Hotze case agree that this is a bill for raising revenue. So we all agree on the first clause. There's consensus here.    It's the second clause in terms of the Senate amendment power that we have some dispute. Now the history of that provision demonstrates that the scope of that amendment power is very limited and narrow, not the broad, sweeping power that allows the Senate here to take a 6-page bill that gives tax credits, go to the House where the Senate figuratively tears off the House bill number and pasted it on top of a 2,071-page ObamaCare bill, and said that this bill originated in the House.    To summarize our main points in our brief quickly, that the words ``originate'' and ``amendment'' and ``as on other bills'' must be interpreted how the amendment process was understood at the time of the ratification, not subsequent 19th- and 20th-century practice.    If you'll look at the history of this amendment, the Senate power was actually a compromise to prevent the House from tacking on or smuggling in nonrevenue, nongermane measures to a revenue bill which would preclude the Senate from amending that, not being able to strip out those nonrevenue measures. So they said: Okay, you could amend a revenue bill with respect to the provisions there.    Two, no one at the time thought the Senate could amend a House bill with a nongermane bill, let alone one that guts and replaces the House bill in its entirety.    Three, indeed the unicameral Continental Congress in 1781 made such amendments not in order. ``No new motion or proposition shall be admitted under color of amendment as a substitute for a proposition under debate until it is postponed or disagreed to.'' Note the phrase ``under color of amendment.'' And what's happened here is that under a color of amendment, the Senate in this case actually originated the revenue-raising bills.    Finally, James Madison, which Ms. Wydra talked--mentioned, the father of the Constitution, called the Senate's power ``a paltry right of the Senate to propose alterations to money bills.'' And the fact that no one issued a blue slip is constitutionally irrelevant and would not make any sense anyway since Chairman Pelosi at the time--Speaker Pelosi would not have brought that to the House floor.    Unfortunately, the dissenters in the Sissel case said that this gut-and-replace amendment was constitutional. Yet the three-judge panel, which said that this is not a bill for raising revenue said: No, that's not correct; that would render the power under the Origination Clause ``an empty formalism.''    In conclusion, I'd like to quote Justice Thurgood Marshall's citing Federalist 58. He said it best in the Munoz-Flores case, ``Provisions for the separation of powers within the legislative branch are thus no different in kind from provisions concerning relations between the branches of our government.'' Both sets of provisions safeguard liberty.    And if the Supreme Court on Friday does not review and later reverse the lower courts in Sissel, the original meaning of the cornerstone of the Great Compromise that allow the Constitution to be ratified would erode and unfortunately turn the Great Compromise into a great hoax. Thank you.    Mr. Kamenar. Well, the D.C. Circuit opinion right now says that ObamaCare was not a bill for raising revenue. That, as I said in my testimony, is totally ridiculous, and Ms. Wydra would agree with that. So it doesn't have any impact upon this body. This body judges what is constitutional and what its prerogatives are. Until the Supreme Court rules on this, the decisions of courts of appeals have really no effect on what is the ultimate and final word on the matter. And, again, you have the dissenters ruling that this could be amended by the Affordable Care Act. Again, they were the dissenters, and they had no authority, judicial precedent with respect to the decision.    So the short answer is that that Court's ruling did not have any impact on this. It may have impact on other courts that look at this, and there are several pending in other courts, but each circuit court can judge on its own what the interpretation means.    Mr. Kamenar. Thank you, Mr. Gohmert. No. The Supreme Court has never ruled on a case where the Senate took a House bill, gut and replaced the entire thing and added revenue-raising measures. And I just want to correct the record here from Ms. Wydra. I'm quoting from her brief that she filed: ``The Origination Clause, in its final form, provided for an expansive category of bills that would need to originate in the House--that is, all 'bills for raising revenue,' even those that did not have as their purpose the raising of revenue.'' The D.C. Circuit said that the ACA had its purpose for improving health care. So she obviously disagrees with that. You read her beginning of her first four or five pages of opinion. She can't say she agrees with the majority of the D.C. Circuit, so I'm quoting her brief there. But to get to your point, no----    Mr. Kamenar. What do you think of the D.C. Circuit? Do you think that the----