    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Chairman.    And I would like to thank the distinguished gentleman from Florida for having this panel, and I would like to thank Mr. Lyle for being here. He is from my alma mater, Texas A&M University.    Mr. Hurd. Gig 'em Aggies--which has a long history of working with animals to improve the lives of humans, everything from Texas Task Force 1, which is one of the most active urban search-and-rescue teams. You have a student organization called Aggie Guide Dogs and Service Dogs, which promotes the use of service dogs. And we are also part of the TexVet Network, which includes the Operation K9.    And, Mr. Lyle, first, I want to thank you for your service and dedication to the safety of Americans. As a former officer in the CIA, I had the honor of serving alongside members of the military. I am familiar with the sacrifices that you and your family make. And I know this is a life-changing experience and has inspired you to give back to your community, and I appreciate you for doing this.    My first questions, though, are actually to Mr. Fallon. Has the VA reached out to any other organizations conducting similar studies?    Mr. Hurd. The pilot study from 2006?    Mr. Hurd. Okay.    Mr. Fallon.--and was suspended finally in 2012. We realized we had to change our study protocol. We actually visited major organizations like Canine Companions for Independence in California ----    Mr. Hurd. So my question is actually--let's start before that. Why did the VA decide to reinvent the wheel rather than relying on some, you know, other organizations that have a history in doing this kind of thing?    Mr. Hurd. I don't even know where to go. There are so many questions. Why not reach out to DOD and leverage some of the experience that they have? They have some world-class trainers and they have world-class activities using dogs for all kinds of services.    Mr. Hurd. Say that again. Say that first part.    Mr. Hurd. So how much money did the VA spend in phase 1 to develop veterinary standards, which I have been told are not longer in use?    Mr. Hurd. Above $1 million or above $10 million?    Mr. Hurd. And could that money have been saved if the VA had initially adopted DOD's veterinary standards?    Mr. Hurd. Now, you are in the chief veterinary medical offices, correct?    Mr. Hurd. What proposals have you suggested up the chain on how to make sure we incorporate this into the VA?    Mr. Hurd. Into the VA so that more veterans could get access to this type of care?    Mr. Hurd. What is the best next action?    Mr. Hurd. And what is the best next action there? What is the next step that you need to take in order to make sure this gets completed?    Mr. Hurd. When is it going to be done?    Mr. Hurd. When is it going to be done?    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Lyle, I have a little bit less than a minute, but you can go over a little bit if you so need. Hopefully, the chairman indulges my prerogative, anything that has not been discussed during this hearing today that you think is important to get out there?    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Lyle, thank you.    Mr. Damon ----    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Diamond, excuse me, thank you for your service.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the time I do not have.