    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Having got here not very long ago due to a delayed flight, I forgot about the green. And I am half Irish, DeFazio, O'Shea, Crowley, and Buono. So I actually did bring, though, a green and yellow chart. So if I could have the green and yellow chart from the woman dressed all in green.    The green and yellow chart you see before you in honor of St. Patrick's Day--here is your version so you do not have to crane your neck, Mr. Chairman--shows the dependence of the States on Federal funding. And as you can see, it is generally about--the average is 51 percent. Many States are--we have 87, is I believe, the highest--well, no, 93 for Alaska, 79 over there for South Carolina. These are very high numbers. Oh, Rhode Island, 102. Oops, sorry about that.    So this is what happens if there is a shortfall--that is good. Thanks, Helena--in Federal funding. The chairman already referenced his desire, our common desire, to do a very robust 6-year reauthorization with adequate funding. I expect funding will be one of the linchpin issues. I will not go into the options that are out there, but there are options to move us forward with more robust funding.    But what I will say is that spring starts in a week, and that really is the traditional beginning of the construction season for the year. And States have already notified the Federal Government that they will be delaying or postponing or canceling projects. And I expect the number of canceled or delayed projects will grow very, very quickly over the coming weeks if we do not have a short-term bill.    Yes, we have a common objective on a 6-year bill. But just to get to the end of this year with anemic levels of spending would require $10 billion, just slightly less than $10 billion.    So we need some sort of a commitment from the Federal Government in the next week or two or three of $10 billion or we will see a dramatic dropoff in construction activity this summer, costing the country jobs, costing the country needed investment, and actually causing higher future costs because much of this infrastructure is deteriorating at a rate that accelerates at certain points in its deterioration, where suddenly what was a million-dollar problem last year becomes a $5 million problem this year and becomes a bridge replacement problem next year.    So I feel a tremendous sense of urgency. I did have an opportunity, since I spent so many hours getting here yesterday, to read all your testimony. I find much to agree with in there, and look forward to hearing more about it.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would observe that, Governor, your State has the third highest gas tax in the country. Utah just changed to a percent basis for fuel taxes, and I think it has an inflation adjuster in there. And Mr. Cox, you testified that Wyoming, which is a somewhat conservative State, shall we say, just raised their gas tax 10 cents.    And I guess what I would ask all three of you to reflect on quickly yet again, just to emphasize it--because some Members may have been distracted; I had a phone call--that even despite this incredible amount of self-help, third highest gas tax in the country, moving to a percent basis, up a dime, you still need the Federal program.    Just emphasize that just one more time because we still have a few devolutionists around here. I know the chairman asked this, but I just want to put a nail in the coffin, stake through the heart, and garlic around the neck.    Governor McCrory. Well, again, yes. The answer is, we need that money. And listen, I understand the theory of devolution. But when it comes to infrastructure as opposed to other types of Federal Government, infrastructure does not recognize city, county, or State boundaries.    Congestion does not recognize that. Neither does the environment recognize that. And trade does not recognize that. When you are stuck in traffic, they do not know what city or county they are in or State in many instances. So we must have an interconnectivity plan.    And we have worked--in fact, I just supported an effort in my own legislature to stabilize the current gas funding source. There was an effort to reduce the gas tax in our State based upon other factors going on right now. And I supported an effort to stabilize the current funding source that we have now.    I also need to let you know we all need to recognize, because of fuel efficiencies and other factors, we are going to have to look for other types of revenue sources to help pay for the needed infrastructure. And that is the process that I am going through now, looking at other alternatives in addition to the current user application of the gas tax.    Mr. DeFazio. I would be happy to talk to you about that. Spent a lot of time on it. But dealing with the existing revenue source, you could index it to fleet fuel economy and construction cost inflation, which I have recommended at the Federal level. And that would help deal with that in the short term. Long term we will probably go to vehicle miles traveled, but there is privacy and other issues.    Mayor?    Mr. DeFazio. Mr. Cox?    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.