    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, gentlemen, for your testimony and your service.    General Stewart, you mentioned, you know, the transnational threats, the ISIS threat, you know, certainly didn't have happen overnight. I talk about it as a generational threat. I don't think it is going to be defeated overnight.    In your best military judgment, you know, how long do you think we are going to be dealing with this type of threat? Again, it is right now ISIS, but it comes in many jihadist forms and affiliates in these ungoverned spaces. How long do you think we will be dealing with this as a major threat, requiring military capabilities, you know, to address the threat?    General Stewart. Yeah. That is a terrific question. We have spent a little bit of time recently looking at this particular threat, the ISIL, the center of gravity, what are their critical vulnerabilities, so that we could take this particular threat down. But the reality is that it is based on a very extreme Salafist ideology, and unless there is a narrative that counters that ideology, it will reemerge someplace else in some other form.    That is probably not an ideology that we in the West can counter. We need our partners in the region who believe in the broadest sense of Islam and what it brings to the table to have this dialogue, this conversation about how do we--this very marginalized group.    When you take apart the 1.6 million Muslims and you whittle it down to this, Salafist jihadist, movement, you are probably talking less than a couple hundred thousand folks, who are as great a threat to Islamic regimes.    In fact, in many cases a greater threat to Islamic regimes than they are to the West. So we need them to counter that ideology and offer an alternative view of Islam that allows people to feel like they are part of a society that is looking to take care of their citizens, to enhance their opportunities, and, oh, by the way, practice their religion as they see fit.    Ms. McSally. But is it safe to say that is a whole-of-society approach, whole-of-government, that there still might be a military, you know, potential that we need to be prepared for, given this threat? It is not going to go away in the next year or two, I guess, is what I am trying to say.    General Stewart. It is a long-term challenge that we always have to maintain that military capability to take out their command and control, take out their leadership, take out their networks that finance----    Ms. McSally. Wherever they are.    General Stewart. Wherever they are.    Ms. McSally. Whether that is Libya, Iraq, Syria.    General Stewart. Absolutely.    Ms. McSally. Right. Moving on again, my time in the military, you know, one of the biggest things we were concerned about was terrorists and WMD coming together. And, you know, we have seen the desire, threat equals, you know, capability plus intent, of ISIS to acquire biological or chemical weapons or to recruit individuals who have those capabilities to create them.    Can you comment on any concerns you have about the nexus of ISIL and WMD?    General Stewart. Neither ISIS nor Al Qaeda has walked away from their desire to develop chemical, biological capability that they can use against the West.    Ms. McSally. Got it.    General Stewart. They have retained that intent.    Ms. McSally. And as far as the capability, can you comment on that, or should we wait until the classified?    General Stewart. I think we could talk about it more fully in the classified setting, but they will recruit expertise who can bring a range of capabilities to ISIL, whether that is financers----    Ms. McSally. Right.    General Stewart . Media consultants, or chemical experts.    Ms. McSally. Is it fair to say the difference between Al Qaeda, where they were trying to maybe acquire it where it existed, whereas ISIS is trying to recruit individuals with the expertise to potentially home-grow it?    General Stewart. There is some indication that ISIL is working very hard to develop their own capability.    Ms. McSally. Thank you.    Total different topic. Vice Admiral Branch, the chief of Naval Intelligence, and since November of 2013, he hasn't had a security clearance due to an ongoing investigation. A number of our colleagues wrote a letter to Secretary Mabus about this last week.    I can't picture--again, we are not going to weigh in on the investigation or anything like that, but being in a position where you have oversight of Navy intelligence, but you have no security clearance for over 2 years, I can't picture him not being able to be in meetings or provide oversight.    Can you share, General Marrs, how that impacts your day-in-and-day-out interaction with the naval intelligence operation?    General Marrs. I think day in and day out, our partnership is very, very strong at the senior leadership level, but----    Ms. McSally. But he can't be in the room.    General Marrs. And I will say for the individuals who represent him, but I will absolutely agree that it is not an optimal situation for the Navy.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Thank you.    General Stewart, do you have anything to add? Okay. Thanks.    And one last topic on the reports coming out of CENTCOM where about 40 percent of analysts are saying that they feel that the integrity of the analysis is potentially not pure. I don't know how better to say that. General Stewart, do you have any----    General Stewart. I am so glad you asked that question, because my staff has been trying to keep me from not commenting on this, and I desperately want to comment on it, because I think the assertion that somehow 40 percent of that workforce either represents the totality of our analytic enterprise or truly represents that their judgments are not being accounted for disturbs me more than I can state.    We have a very robust process of thinking through the analytic effort, citing your sources, validating and vetting your sources. Opinions count slightly, only because you are a three-star, your opinions count. Analysts must apply the analytic rigor that is necessary to deliver that content in a compelling way to their commander.    The 40 percent, and I saw this number distorted to 400, is absolutely gross distortment of the challenges that they face down at CENTCOM. It undermines the great workforce that we have down there at CENTCOM, who every single day are giving their best judgment to that commander about how activities and actions are going on the CENTCOM AOR .    Ms. McSally. But there is an investigation ongoing.    General Stewart. There is an ongoing----    Ms. McSally. So clearly there is some----    General Stewart . Investigation.    Ms. McSally. Yeah. Okay.    General Stewart. We neither control the scope nor the pace of that investigation. And it is remarkable that folks have named names in an investigation prior to that investigation being completed. And if these individuals are exonerated, no one will retract the really distorted reporting that they have had in this situation.    Ms. McSally. I am way over my time. So thank you. And thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Stewart. I thank you for giving me an opportunity----    Ms. McSally. Absolutely.    General Stewart . To vent on that one.    Ms. McSally. Tell me how you really feel.    The Chairman. General, it is true, however, and I have read that report myself cover to cover, that they are reflecting in the survey data that there is more question at CENTCOM than the other combatant commands about whether the analysts believe that the work they do is altered in some way. And I understand your point about the 40 percent. I have, again, looked through all those charts, and I don't want to get into too much specifics here, but there is a reason to have an investigation.    And as I have said, we are working with the Intelligence Committee as well as Defense Appropriation Committee, being respectful of the IG investigation, but it is a matter of interest for this committee if, in fact, intelligence is being shaped in some way to please superiors, whether they be military or political superiors. So we are also trying to be really careful and not interfere with the IG investigation, but to say there--you did not say this, and I am not trying to put words in your mouth either. To say there is not an issue at CENTCOM, I think, would be also a misrepresentation of what this survey showed.    I am happy for any further comments you would like to make.    General Stewart. Mr. Chairman, there is an issue there. And the only thing that I have asked folks to do is let the investigation play out. Let's do a thorough investigation, let's understand what the real issues are down at Central Command, and not impugn the entire analytic effort of the defense intelligence enterprise----    The Chairman. No.    General Stewart . Which is what some people have done.    The Chairman. Yeah.    General Stewart. And that is disturbing when you are trying to lead a workforce that have the challenges that we talked about here, and yet they are questioned and challenged and judged poorly in the media and by a number of other individuals. It just is unfair to that workforce, it is unfair to the leadership.    The Chairman. No. I think that is right. And you are perfectly right to defend the workforce that is doing incredibly difficult work every single day. And I think you are also exactly right that this investigation, both the IG investigation and what we are doing among the committees, ought to proceed, but as is appropriate for intelligence, it ought to proceed not in the public eye. And I think that, in my opinion, those are perfectly valid points to make. At the same time I would say, but they have got to proceed, because there is an issue there that needs to be pursued.    Mr. Walz, thank you for letting me take a little of your time--delay your time a little bit. The gentleman is recognized.