    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate each one of you being here. Mr. Woodall, you have been, I think, engaged in a discussion at a previous appearance you made in front of this committee, talking about some of the downstream effects of the listing of AIG and Prudential and MetLife. So that is going to have an effect on the insurance market itself, will it not, if I remember from our previous discussion?    Mr. Pearce. So we in the United States enjoy competitive advantage throughout much of the world. And coming from the business world, specifically repairing oil wells, down hole--which is filled with liability, we utilize that insurance market to great advantage, to allow us to create jobs, to do a better competitive effort than some of our friends overseas could do.    And so will there be downstream effects from any actions you all take regarding the too-big-to-fail? Will there be effects in the insurance market?    Mr. Pearce. So there is a possible threat from what you all do to the market?    Mr. Massad, have you all discussed that in the FSOC meetings?    Mr. Pearce. What about MetLife and Prudential?    Mr. Pearce. Ms. White, would you have a comment on that? In other words, you all, as FSOC, your underlying call is to prevent excessive risk to the U.S. financial system. And what I am saying is that there are certain financial risks to what you are doing, to the actions you all are taking.    So Ms. White, did you all discuss the potential downside of what you are doing here and how it might affect the market? And now you have referred to the guy who made his living regulating insurance and living in the insurance. And sometimes staff have not had that on the ground experience.    So regardless of what anybody else says, do you all sit quietly behind the doors and say, hey, we ought to really take a close look at what we are doing?    Mr. Pearce. So you don't think that you as an agency could be the systemic risk yourself?    Mr. Pearce. The mandate is to watch--excuse me, I keep shifting back and forth. The mandate is to watch for systemic risk, is that right?    Mr. Pearce. And so I am saying that if you all--according to Mr. Woodall's discussion back some time, and kind of reiterating now, you all could be the systemic risk that you are trying to avoid, if you are not very careful, because this insurance market is extraordinarily thin.    If you are watching--I don't mean to be rowing in other stuff--but if you are watching people bail out of the insurance market in healthcare right now, you understand what I am talking about.    We have disrupted an entire insurance market, and before you all do something that causes the same evacuation out of the insurance, just remember the poor saps out there in the field like myself who are just trying to buy insurance off the open market, to where we could do our business.    And it could be that you all are the problem which causes that market to disappear. And that is my point. I would hope that you all would have more thorough discussions about the problem that you all represent instead of the systemic risk that maybe you ought to be identifying somewhere else.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.