    Ms. Rosoff. I'm here on behalf of my family, especially my mother, who is 80 and could not be here today. I am representing the three certified claims my family has filed with the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman and members of the committee for the opportunity to share my family's story.    My grandfather, Morris Schechter, later called Mauricio, moved to Cuba in 1902. He started a business and was a founding member of the United Hebrew Congregation in Havana. In 1913, he married my grandmother, Jeannette, and they became pillars of the Cuban American Jewish community. Jeannette and Mauricio had four children, two of whom died in Cuba and are buried in Guanabacoa Jewish Cemetery that Mauricio helped consecrate in 1910.    My grandmother's house is the main part of CU-1458. My cousin, Robert Schechter, visited Cuba as part of a mission trip several years ago and was actually able to visit the house. At the time, and as far as I know to this day, it was being used by the Chinese Embassy. Claim CU-1090, filed by my father, Roy, is based on the value of stocks and business holdings, including a shirt factory and wholesale business, a farm, and a portion of my grandmother's house.    My father born June 1924 and attended Ruston Academy, a bilingual school. He later attended the University of Michigan but soon enlisted in the U.S. Army and fought in the Pacific theater during World War II. He returned to Cuba after the war and worked in the family business Compania Onyx, which manufactured clothing.    My father took over the business following the death of his father and older brother. In 1957, he married my mother, Lois Levine, and she joined him in Cuba. My maternal grandfather, Herbert Levine, also invested in Cuba and formed Rainbow Development Corporation, claim CU-611. This claim is comprised of attractive land that had timber and very pure silica sand. They grew tobacco, tomatoes, and built a saw mill that provided jobs for local residents. The Saw Mill was sabotaged during the revolution and set on fire. My mother said they think it was because they were Americans.    The last time my parents went to the farm, planning to do the payroll, they were met by armed soldiers, and after a brief discussion with them, my parents drove away, never to see the farm again. Immediately after the revolution, business was actually good. In fact, my father invested money in updating machinery at the factory. After about 6 months, however, Castro imposed regulations that made it impossible for the factory to be productive. Essential commodities, such as buttons and bindings, were impossible to find since they couldn't be imported. So they had no means to really make a living anymore.    Leaving Cuba was a very difficult decision for them, but since they couldn't make a living, they really felt they didn't have a choice. They paid off all of their debts so that when they could one day return to Cuba, they would be in good standing. They left on one of the last ferries to Key West in April 1961, taking only clothes with them.    My mother hid her wedding ring in a cloth diaper she stained with vanilla and smuggled it out in my brother's diaper bag. She figured that if the soldiers wanted to search a dirty diaper bag, they were welcome to her ring. They ended up in Nyack, New York, staying with my mother's parents.    My father had great difficulty finding a job and eventually went to work in my grandfather's shoe store. I grew up knowing that my father hoped he would one day return to Cuba, but he passed away in 2004. And I know a part of him is still in Cuba.    My grandmother, Jeannette, didn't plan on leaving Cuba, since her husband and two children were buried there in Guanabacoa. She left on what she thought was a vacation, but the political climate changed while she was in the States with family, and she couldn't return.    My grandmother was in her seventies, frail, and had left her home with virtually nothing. She settled in Miami and lived with her<greek-l>e deg. sister-in-law where they lived very frugally in a small apartment. She spent last years in a nursing home and passed away at the age of 96, heartbroken that she never returned from her vacation.    I would love to reclaim ownership of my grandmother's house. It is truly a family legacy and has great sentimental value to us. I don't know how realistic that is, but as far as the other two claims, I think that a fair, just financial settlement may be the best outcome. My father and grandmother had their homes, businesses, property, and investments stolen from them. There is no way to quantify it. Their lives were redefined without their consent and multiple generations of our family have been affected. When my father filed the claims, it was in good faith that they would be honored and settled fairly.    We look to you as our Representatives to champion--not just a new chapter in the political playbook--but to work side by side and as innovators in advocating justice. There is bound to be burgeoning opportunity in Cuba in the next few years, but it should not be at our expense. In this way, perhaps a plan can be crafted that ensures fair compensation to those of us who had property seized while also allowing investment in a brighter future for the Cuban people.    Thank you.    Ms. Rosoff. I think we also face an obstacle in that the perception in the American public is that the Cuban claims are ancient history and that nobody really pays attention to them anymore, but it is very real for us. My mother is still alive. She, you know, still shares stories about what happened to them. We grew up with this, and it is our current history, and I think people don't know what happened. There is perception that, you know, Cuba was just an American playground and that people didn't have lives there; they didn't invest there, you know. Not everybody that was in Cuba in the 1950s were gangsters and, you know, gamblers. People built lives. These were real lives of Americans, and they lost everything there. And their generation and descendants were all affected by this. I think those perceptions are really been promoted recently in a lot of stories and in the romantic notion of Cuba as this beach playground.