    Mr. Atkinson. Good morning, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, full committee Chairman Upton, and Ranking Member Pallone, Congressman McNerney, and distinguished members of this subcommittee. I am Michael Atkinson, President of Alstom Grid, Incorporated, and also I am here on behalf of the GridWise Alliance. I appreciate the opportunity to testify at today's hearing.    The U.S. electric system is undergoing a transformation unlike anything we have experienced in the past 100 years. This transformation will create opportunities to enhance reliability, efficiency, resiliency and security of the grid. The grid will continue to serve as the backbone of the Nation's electric infrastructure. It will enable innovation to flourish, and the supply and demand of electricity across the transmission and distribution networks, all while continuing to provide safe, affordable, reliable power.    The future grid will optimize the management and operations of the entire electric system value chain, which includes power generation, delivery and consumption. For example, new smart grid technologies help to enhance situational awareness, prevent outages, accelerate restoration, and--in the case of extreme events, and also integrate distributed energy resources. In addition, other technologies--other related technologies and capabilities such as energy storage, power electronics, and microgrids will also improve the performance of the grid.    The Electric Power Research Institute has estimated that the total benefit of smart grid is in the trillions of dollars. More importantly, for every dollar invested, $2.80 to $6 in benefits are realized.    GridWise and DOE's Office of Electricity work with hundreds of public and private stakeholders to develop a shared vision for the grid, which includes the following. The grid will be the key component of the future electric system. This system will include both central and distributed generation sources. Powering communications will flow in multiple directions. Residential, commercial and industrial customers will use the grid in different ways, becoming both consumers and producers of electricity. This will help achieve the following three outcomes to accelerate the transformation to the 21st century electricity system. First, building on this shared vision, enable policies to ensure the markets, regulations, and new technologies are all aligned. Congress can exercise its leadership to facilitate ongoing and new public-private collaboration to achieve the grid of the future. Second, the pursuit of this future grid will continue to spur innovation and attract ideas, talent and resources from a range of industries. And I think you only need to look to my right to see that. Third, create additional highly skilled jobs. The transformation of the grid will necessitate advanced skills to implement these technologies.    In conclusion, we have an important opportunity to accelerate the modernization of our Nation's electric grid. This will drive economic growth, strengthen our global competitiveness, and create highly skilled jobs. Action is needed now because this is a complex issue, and the technology and policy changes required could take years to implement. I want to underscore that access to a reliable, efficient, resilient and secure grid is a major source of our Nation's competitive advantage. Congress can play a key leadership role in facilitating the acceleration of grid modernization, and ensuring that we maintain this competitive advantage into the future.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to testify. I look forward to any questions.    Mr. Atkinson. Today, it is spurring investment. As we get a framework, you are aligning our market, our policy, our technology, everything, you know, lines up for companies to come in, you know, drive solutions forward and invest. Again, as I point to the gentlemen on my right, came from different places, have come into the grid, and now are investing based on what exists today, based on the, you know, again, the policy and the technology that is available today and looking forward into the future.    Mr. Atkinson. Absolutely. I--again, I think you are helping drive that shared vision forward, aligning, you know, the public and creating new public-private partnerships. You know, today, companies like myself, you know, we are working with the national labs, we are working with our customers, and creating, you know, a more defined framework for that I think is a great job for the Federal Government to do, and that then allows the public and the private sectors to get together, you know, and fill out the space. Again, there is significant investment going on in the grid today, and it needs to continue. It is--it will exist in the future. It is the backbone of, you know, what we do, and it needs to be utilized in different ways.    Mr. Atkinson. Absolutely. I think the national labs, you know, we are out--our technology center, Global Center of Excellence for Grid Technologies in Redmond, Washington, we have a very close relationship with VNNL. We work with several of the others as well. They have a different timescale that they look at, and it is great getting together with them and a customer. A customer who is doing things today, national lab is looking out 3, 5, 10 years, us looking out 1 to 3 years, and merging that together and figuring out what is going to work, and then figuring out how to commercialize that.    Mr. Atkinson. There has been a lot of activity since 2003. It was a bit of a wakeup call. You know, one of the things it spurred, honestly, was the creation of the GridWise Alliance. That is what--the reason it was formed was to, you know, move forward and address these things.    Another thing this, you know, people started paying a lot of attention to--as you looked at the root cause of why it happened, was situational awareness. We as a company came out with a product around situational awareness, letting people understand what is happening with the bigger picture and not just in the specific numbers and charts and graphs they are used to looking at.    Since that point, us and, you know, frankly, our competition as well, has driven that, you know, situational awareness through all of the technologies that they have, making sure, again, that there is a bigger picture look at what is happening in the grid, not just right in front of me, but the potential ripple effects as it extends out from just my system.    Mr. Atkinson. An awful lot is being done. You know, the--as the grid is being, you know, rebuilt and revamped, it is being hardened. New technologies are coming into play. There was a microgrid that was--you discussed yourself with the trains, making sure that they can continue to flow. Also I believe around Princeton there is a microgrid that has been put in place as well to maintain power.    The--at the same time, there is a lot we could learn from each other. The GridWise Alliance, you know, joined together a bunch of people to discuss best practices. And just, you know, some people came back differently, better or worse than others. What are the best practices and how can utilities leverage that for the next event. We know these events are going to continue to happen, and it is minimizing their impact that we need to, you know, focus on.    And then additionally, just the grid technologies continue to advance. You know, distribution systems that are being put in place today, the advanced systems, you know, they automatically identify a fault. You no longer have people out in a dicey situation, you know, looking for where the fault may be along miles of lines. You can identify very closely where a fault is. You can also do some automatic reconfiguration of the system to bring some people back automatically, thus minimizing the number of people that are, you know, experiencing the outage. And all this is helping things come back faster from the inevitable events.    Mr. Atkinson. First and foremost, we listen to our customers. The--and we work on solutions that are solving, you know, business problems. We are constantly, and I believe all technology providers are constantly working towards a more cost-effective delivery of electricity. You know, as we look longer out again, I thought that we have, you know, we discuss a lot with the national labs and we, you know, taking a step back, looking even further out as to what may be happening and, you know, begin planning ahead, but a lot of our efforts are focused in the now-to-3 years, you know, things that can, you know, be commercial pretty quickly.    Our R and D center is located, you know, for the globe, is located here in the U.S. We have, you know, we hired, you know, in the last 8 years we have more than doubled the number of advanced engineers, power system engineers, and computer scientists. We work mostly with Masters in PhD, you know, people. It is a high-end workforce, and they are sitting around working with customers, working to solve their problems, and then working to adapt what was a specific customer problem to a larger set of, you know, use cases across the industry, and that is when you come up with a full commercial product.    We are focused on single code base and, you know, we created here and again for use cases in the U.S. and globally but, you know, making sure we have a single product pack that we can leverage globally.    Mr. Atkinson. It comes down to situational awareness. Allowing people to understand what is going on with the grid at all levels, pushing that information out from a centralized room into the hands of the people in the field that are there, and giving them more accurate information. And the technologies that exist today, you can identify the location of faults to, you know, a very close geographic proximity, rather than it is somewhere in, you know, in this, you know, series of seven blocks. You can send people directly out to a--the fault. They have a knowledge of what is happening because, you know, one of the things we discussed is things are, you know, more distributed energy resources are in play, you have to be careful, and you have multidirectional flow of electricity that changes the safety environment for the line worker pretty dramatically, and he needs to understand what is going on, and there needs to be, you know, that communication about what is going on. The technology that exists today is allowing that, and it continues to get better and better.    As far as preventing outages, you know, as you see things happening, you know, from the transmission system down into the distribution systems, you see harmonics building, you get a chance to adapt quickly where, you know, the faster, you know, talking system today. The phasor measurement units are providing data 100 times a second, versus once every 6 seconds. You are able to get an accurate dynamic picture of what is happening, and it gives you a chance actually to, in some cases, you know, and there is proof this, eliminate when an outage was about to happen. If an outage does happen, you are now working on coming back faster, and eliminating as many people from that outage as you can. And again, that is where the fault identification, automatic restoration through switching on the rest of the grid, brings back a portion of the people, leaving a subset that is still out, and again, you have identified it very closely where it is, giving you a better chance to come back quickly.    Mr. Atkinson. In the traditional hub and spoke that was mentioned before, you have an outage upstream, everybody downstream is out. When you have multiple directional flow, you get a chance to re-switch your system, reconfigure your grid on the fly, thus allowing, you know, all or some of the people to be brought back up immediately and not suffer that outage.    The technologies today, you know, they exist to do this and they continue to get better, and the algorithms that are written, you know, continue to improve and, you know, it continues to move forward. Again, it exists today, getting better into the future.    Mr. Atkinson. Yes, we do those things. The--we do, you know, multiple levels of load forecasting----    Mr. Atkinson . Or help utilities do multiple levels of load forecasting. We have the technology that allows them, you know, short-term, medium-term, long-term, based on lots of factors, lots of variability, historical patterns, weather patterns, existing weather, you know, in the near-term, you know, projected weather in the far-term. That is, of course, only a small piece of data analytics.    Mr. Atkinson . But it, you know, it is a pretty major piece for the utilities because, you know, as we have talked about here today, you know, there is a lot of assets on the grid and they are incredible assets. A lot of them are very big and move slowly.    Mr. Atkinson. You know, what Mr. Kamen is talking about----    Mr. Atkinson . Are some smaller and more nimble assets.    Mr. Atkinson. And, you know, again, you need kind of an all-the-above though. Everything needs to be considered, everything needs to be integrated, and the more accurate you are in what you do, you can balance those different assets and, you know, the intermittency with the other renewable assets as well, you know, be it wind, solar, storage.    Mr. Atkinson. Storage----    Mr. Atkinson . Is a big piece of what we are also talking about as well. So again, it is a little bit of an all-the-above. We have the analytics today to do this kind of forecasting. We have the technology that also integrates, you know, the control systems, as it were, of all the different types of technologies, understands what they are doing, and is able to present a simple view of that to the operators in the control room, to the utilities who are on the frontlines----    Mr. Atkinson . Of, you know, making sure that we all have electricity at the flip of a switch. That is what we want.