    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Chairman Tiberi and Dr. McDermott, for giving us this opportunity.    I actually have two tax-related health care bills that I wish to discuss today: H.R. 3678 and H.R. 1752. And both involve making slight modifications to the Affordable Care Act.    But I think the real key is that these are people policies. These are the type of things that people send us here to do for them, and develop policies that actually help people. Too often we are on other sides of the debate and, at the end of the day, neither side wins, but our people lose.    So the first one is the Preserving Access to Orphan Drug Act. Congressman Neal and myself are on this bill. It has eight other Ways and Means sponsors, including you, Mr. Chairman. In short, H.R. 3678 would change the orphan drug exception to the annual fee on branded prescription pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers.    By the way of background, the longstanding policy has been to have laws on the books to encourage the development of orphan drugs to treat Americans with rare diseases. The fact that it is an orphan drug just means it is such a small patient population--and these are rare diseases--that there is generally not a financial incentive. In some cases, there is a financial loss associated with developing these drugs.    Now, when the ACA was being crafted, orphan drug production was exempted from the annual tax on branded drugs. The reason is there is widespread recognition that there are significant costs and challenges in developing these orphan drugs. Therefore, the orphan drug production was supposed to be exempted from the new fee. Yet, in drafting the exemption they tied the exemption to the use of another tax credit, the orphan drug credit, which created a problem. And the problem is that not all companies take this credit. And because of this, they would not be exempted from the new ACA fee.    Now, after passage of the Affordable Care Act, it was discovered that an estimated 41 orphan drugs were ineligible for the exemption. And you can imagine this caused quite a problem. So our legislation seeks to remedy the Affordable Care Act fee issue as it relates to the development of orphan drugs, to ensure that there remains an adequate pipeline of drugs and therapies to help the most vulnerable of patients, many of them children.    Our legislation would exclude all therapies licensed and indicated solely to treat rare diseases at the time of the Affordable Care Act's passage from the annual pharmaceutical fee, regardless of whether the orphan drug tax credit was claimed at that time. This issue has been reviewed by the Ways and Means Committee in the past. In the last Congress Mr. Gerlach introduced similar legislation. That language was incorporated into the Camp tax reform template published by the majority two years ago.    This legislation is supported by the National Organization for Rare Diseases, a coalition that has served Americans who suffer from rare diseases.    Making this minor modification to the ACA will go a long way towards helping Americans today and in the future with those that suffer from rare diseases.    And the second bill is a bill that I have put together with Congressman Dan Lipinski. This is H.R. 1752, the Health Care Sharing Ministries bill. The bipartisan bill right now has 113 cosponsors in the House; 15 of my colleagues on Ways and Means are on the bill, with a majority of members of the Health Subcommittee.    As you know, millions of Americans decline to carry health insurance for religious or ethical reasons. Many Americans cover their medical expenses by becoming members of a health care sharing ministry. Now, this is not insurance, but rather a form of mutual aid. Members help each other pay their medical bills in a personal, faith-filled way.    Health care sharing ministries operate similarly to other religious-based mutual aid societies that have existed for over 100 years. This is just basically what we do in this country. Our country has such an open heart, and our faith-based people feel that they have an obligation not just to themselves, but to each other.    Now, the issue is that uncertainties exist with respect to the appropriate savings treatment of these arrangements with regard to the health savings accounts and deductibility. In recognizing health care sharing ministries in the Affordable Care Act, Congress did not update the HSA section of the code, Section 223, that effectively bars hundreds of thousands of American families from having a health savings account. Because of its voluntary, non-contractual nature, membership in a health care sharing ministry probably does not qualify as health insurance for purposes of the medical expense deduction under the Tax Code, although it serves a similar function.    Now, I believe Congress needs to clarify the Tax Code on these questions to that end. I have introduced legislation to correct this problem. H.R. 1752 would treat membership in a health care sharing ministry as coverage under a high-deductible plan.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for allowing us to be here today. I think when people see what is going on, they say, ``This is the Congress that we have always thought should be there. This is the Congress that the founders put together. This is the Congress that actually works in solving problems for the people.'' I don't care how they are registered; they are all Americans, and we got to take care of them, and we can.    Mr. Chairman, thank you. I yield back.