    Mrs. Lummis. Good morning. The Subcommittee on the Interior will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Today the Subcommittee on the Interior will examine the impact of Executive Order 13658 on Public Land Guides and Outfitters. The executive order mandates a $10.10 minimum hourly wage be paid by employers who contract with the Federal Government. The order was issued in February 2014, and the implementing rule was finalized by the Department of Labor in October 2014.    I want to make it clear that we are not here today to debate the idea of raising the minimum wage in and of itself. That will be done by another committee at another time, but today we're here to discuss the impact on--of how this order and its implementation will negatively impact seasonal rural businesses.    The order will leave many locales in danger of losing small businesses that are providing outdoor and recreational services to the public. It's particularly damaging to rural economies that rely on tourism revenue. Wyoming had more than 10 million visitors who contributed more than $3 billion to the economy in 2014, according to the Wyoming Office of Tourism, from skiing to river rafting trips to trips on horseback. Many of these visitors rely on private businesses that operate on Federal lands.    The Federal Government has promoted tourism as a replacement for logging and mineral development projects that have been strangled by regulation, so it's rather ironic that now the executive branch is working to regulate wilderness tourism out of business. These businesses provide young Americans an opportunity to obtain employment while also providing a valuable service to the visitors of these taxpayer-owned lands.    The rule unnecessarily burdens seasonal operators and small businesses using permits to enhance the use of our outdoors. The Forest Service submitted comments upon the proposed rule, stating that these seasonal guides and outfitters operating under permit are not Federal contractors and, as a result, should be exempt. As a Federal agency very familiar with guides and outfitters using the land under its jurisdiction, the Forest Service recognizes the unique nature of these businesses. It's unfortunate that the Department of Labor chose to disregard them.    As Americans, we are fortunate to live in a Nation with diverse and beautiful landscapes. These landscapes provide families and individuals affordable quality recreation opportunities. Public land guides and outfitters deliver a service that allows for an indepth enjoyment of these activities. This executive order unnecessarily endangers the economic existence of this industry and diminishes the enjoyment of our public lands by Americans nationwide.    Representative Chris Stewart of Utah has introduced H.R. 2215, the Outdoor Recreation Enhancement Act. This legislation seeks to maintain the current level of tourism on public lands. Today we will hear from Congressman Stewart about his legislation to address these concerns and protect rural jobs. We will then hear from representatives of the outfitter and guide community to discuss how their businesses operate and the effects this rule will have on them.    We will also hear from a representative of the Department of Labor, Wage and Hour Division, regarding the implementation of the President's executive order and the rule to enforce its provisions across the Federal Government.    What we have here is something that, unfortunately, we see time and again, especially in the West. The Federal Government in Washington forcing a one-size-fits-all directive on the American people. I sincerely hope that the Department of Labor listens closely to the representatives that we have here and recognizes that this situation as presently drawn up is not workable. I sincerely hope that we can take a commonsense approach to this issue and do the right thing.    With that, I'd like to thank our witnesses in advance for their testimony. I now recognize Ms. Lawrence, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Interior, for her opening statement.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the ranking member.    We're pleased that our fellow colleague from the full committee, Mr. Meadows, has joined us today.    Without objection, Mr. Meadows is welcome to participate fully in today's hearing.    Welcome.    Thank you. I'll hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any member who would like to submit a written statement.    We'll now recognize our distinguished witness on our first panel. I'm pleased to welcome our colleague, the Honorable Chris Stewart, Congressman from Utah's Second District.    Welcome, Congressman. We thank you for your appearance today, and we look forward to your testimony. We know you're in a markup in another committee, so, without further ado, know that your entire written statement will be made part of the record. And the floor is yours.    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Congressman Stewart, for being here today, and we so appreciate the work you're doing on the Appropriations Committee. Your bill, I believe, is an important bill to address the very situation that is the subject of this hearing.    With that, you are excused, and we will just pause while the next panel of witnesses joins us. Thank you.    Mrs. Lummis. Gentlemen, please join us. And before I recognize you, could you--is it Lazzeri or Lazzeri?    Mrs. Lummis. Lazzeri. Thank you so much.    You ready? Okay. We will now recognize our second panel of witnesses. I am pleased to welcome Mr. Michael Lazzeri, Assistant Administrator for Government Contracts at the U.S. Department of Labor; Mr. Mike Cottingham, owner of Wilderness Ventures; and Mr. David Brown, executive director of the America Outdoors Association.    Welcome, gentleman. Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify, so please rise and raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. Please be seated. Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire statement, if it's longer, will be made part of the record.    I now would like to recognize our panel. Mr. Lazzeri, are you recognized for 5 minutes. Welcome. Thank you for being here.    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Lazzeri.    I would now like to recognize Mr. Cottingham for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Cottingham.    And, Mr. Brown, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, panel.    The members of the committee will now ask questions, and the chair will begin. She will recognize herself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Lazzeri, in response to comments on the executive order implementing rule, Department of Labor said that any increase in costs to business would be offset by gains in output or quality of service, perhaps even increasing revenue. What study or information was used by DOL to reach this conclusion?    Mrs. Lummis. We may follow up with you asking for copies of those empirical studies.    Mrs. Lummis. In response to comments that raising the minimum wage of the seasonal employees would lead to staff reductions, Department of Labor said there were alternative ways for these businesses to operate without reducing staff.    Mr. Lazzeri, what are these alternatives?    Mrs. Lummis. Has DOL performed an analysis of the outfitting and guide industry to identify better ways they can operate?    Mrs. Lummis. So the answer is no? The answer is no, right?    Mrs. Lummis. Well, wait a minute. The answer to the question.    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you.    Mr. Cottingham, the Department of Labor says this order is good for everyone because it will result in reduced absenteeism and turnover, improve employee morale, increase quality of services. Could you comment on that statement as it applies to your business?    Mrs. Lummis. So you don't believe it will make your business more successful?    Mrs. Lummis. So you would have to reduce staff or just----    Mrs. Lummis. Mr. Brown, can you talk about the important impact the members of your association have on the economies of local communities?    Mrs. Lummis. Because they operate seasonally and the seasonal nature of these businesses makes it a different business model from the traditional model, should there be a different minimum wage requirement?    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you. My time is expired.    I now recognize the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the gentlelady.    And the chair now have recognizes Mr. Meadows.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Palmer for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the gentleman. We'll now go to a second round of questions, and the chairman recognizes herself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Lazzeri, would the rule apply to someone who gets a permit for filming on public lands?    Mrs. Lummis. Public lands. If someone is filming on public lands, would the rule apply?    Mrs. Lummis. It's a permit.    Mrs. Lummis. Yes, I would ask for that. Please submit in writing whether it applies.    Mrs. Lummis. What other permits would fall under the rule requirement?    Mrs. Lummis. Does it apply to interns at the Wage and Hour Division?    Mrs. Lummis. Would you let me know? Would you answer that question in writing as well?    Mrs. Lummis. Mr. Cottingham, can you walk me through how this would apply to overnight stays? What kind of recordkeeping would be required if I were an employee of yours taking young people out on public lands for an overnight trip?    Mrs. Lummis. Mr. Brown, do you represent other businesses that do overnight trips?    Mrs. Lummis. Okay. So----    Mrs. Lummis. So these people are out on horseback sometimes?    Mrs. Lummis. So are they going to have to take notebooks with them to keep track of--to log all this, like when they're asleep, when they're awake?    Mrs. Lummis. And so the employee has to understand when they're working on a covered contract versus non?    Mrs. Lummis. I can't imagine the complications associated with this rule for outfitters and guides.    Mrs. Lummis. Last question. Mr. Lazzeri, sort of on a different subject. I know the wage and hour division is currently working on updating the special procedures that govern the H-2A Visa Program. Sheep and cattle grazers help the Federal Government manage much of its Federal land. Many of my constituents utilize the program, the H-2A Visa Program, and, for example, Mountain Plains Agricultural Service in Casper, Wyoming works with them. Mountain Plains has repeatedly tried to meet with your division to discuss their concerns and provide input but has been denied. I know you're dealing with a deadline imposed by a court case, but will you commit your organization to meet with them and other stakeholder groups?    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you. And I would ask you to identify a specific person that will respond in writing to my request. And thank you.    Mrs. Lummis. Mrs. Lawrence, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the gentlelady.    And the gentleman from North Carolina is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the gentleman from Colorado.    And we have been joined by Ms. Plaskett from the Virgin Islands. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the gentlelady.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Palmer for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. Without objection, so ordered.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the gentleman, and I thank all members of the committee and the panel, thank the staff.    Particularly want to thank our witnesses today. We appreciate your being here. Appreciate your testimony. Mr. Lazzeri, you've been asked for--to follow up in writing on several matters today at the hearing, and we will look forward to your responses and the Department's responses to our requests. Thank you all for being here.    If there's no further business, without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.