    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Leonhart, is there any policy against turning over DEA weapons or communication devices to foreign agents or any non-DEA or non-U.S. officials?    Mr. Palmer. Not having immediate supervision of the weapons and devices that belong to an agent.    Mr. Palmer. No. I'm not asking you about that. I'm asking you is there any policy at the DEA that would result in any kind of reprimand or punishment for not having immediate supervision of your weapons and communication devices? That's a yes or no.    Mr. Palmer. No. It's a yes or no. You either have a penalty for not securing your weapon and your communications devices because there are things on those communications devices that could be used against other agents, against this country.    Mr. Palmer. Poor judgment has already been--it's already been pointed out. Poor judgment's not one of those official criteria, and what happened here, you talked about these corrupt police officers, is it true that the same officers who helped facilitate these parties, may have helped pay for the prostitutes, supervised, had control of the agents' weapons and communication devices, possibly the security--their badges, and is that also the case?    Mr. Palmer. No. It's a yes--it's a yes or no.    Mr. Palmer. OK. As egregious as the activity that the agents were involved in, which is, in many respects, a crime against humanity because of the ages of these girls, could you not find a reason to reprimand or fire agents for turning over their weapons and their communication devices to foreign nationals? I mean, for crying out loud, China is investing in South America and Latin America. They're going to spend another $250 billion over the next 10 years down there. Did it not occur to anyone that this might also be a national security breach or a problem along that line?    Mr. Palmer. Were they for any of these people?    Mr. Palmer. OK. Let me ask you this, and, Mr. Chairman, you brought this up. Who is your immediate supervisor? Who do you report to? Who has the authority to hold you accountable for the oversight of the DEA?    Mr. Palmer. OK. Have you discussed this with the Deputy Attorney General and how to proceed with this?    Mr. Palmer. Did he make any recommendations about how to proceed?    Mr. Palmer. No. I want to ask you something more specific. Did the Deputy Attorney General express any reservations about how the DEA has handled this, and in the discussions, was there any discussion about how to respond to the requests from the Inspector General's Office? Office of the Inspector General.    Mr. Palmer. So they gave you good guidance. So that means they approved of not turning over the documents that the inspector general requested?    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Horowitz, you have said that there have been numerous instances where the FBI has failed to submit sufficient material to the office. You mentioned it about the DEA. When you were here in January and you spoke of agencies, particularly the FBI and others delaying production of material, I asked you then, did this rise to obstruction? You said it had a significant impact on reviews but failed to go as far as--you failed to go as far as calling it obstruction. I want to ask you that again. Are you willing to call it obstruction now?    Mr. Palmer. Right.    Mr. Palmer. You know, I'm not trying to put you on the spot, but it appears to me that you've been obstructed.    Mr. Palmer. Ms. Leonhart--is there still information that you'd like to get from the DEA?    Mr. Palmer. Is there additional information you'd like to have----    Mr. Palmer. OK.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.