    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And let me take a little different tack here and say that, look, I appreciate Federal employees' service to this country, and I am sure that Secretary King and Mr. Harris also take their service to the people of this nation seriously.    Having said that, let me ask Secretary King and Dr. Harris, the standards of ethical conduct for Federal employees states, ``Public service is a public trust.'' Would you both agree that Federal employees must be held to the highest ethical standards, Mr. King?    Mr. Clay. Mr. Harris? Okay. Mr. King, in your June 23, 2015, response to the IG's reports of investigation into the CIO's alleged misconduct you stated, ``We found no violations of law or regulations.'' Is that correct?    Mr. Clay. The U.S. Attorney's Office has also declined to prosecute Dr. Harris and has closed its investigation. Is that correct?    Mr. Clay. However, there may have been violations of the standards of ethical conduct, so let's take a closer look at the IG's findings. Ms. Winchell, the IG found that Dr. Harris used Department email to conduct his outside business. Wasn't Dr. Harris's misuse of emails a violation of the ethics code prohibiting employees from using government property for nonofficial business?    Mr. Clay. It sounds to me like a hobby.    Let me also say that you also found that Dr. Harris did not report on his tax return the income he received from his car detailing and home theater installation businesses. Ms. Winchell, wasn't Dr. Harris's failure to report income a violation of the ethics code requiring Federal employees to satisfy their tax obligations?    Mr. Clay. Okay. Fair enough. And they corrected the record.    Secretary King, the ethics code also requires Federal employees to avoid the appearance of impropriety. Wouldn't you agree that any appearance of impropriety involving the Department's officials and employees cannot be tolerated?    Mr. Clay. Thank you for your response.    And, Mr. Chairman, do I get any extra time?    Mr. Clay. Well, thank you very much. I yield back.    Mr. Clay. All right.