    Dr. Kochenderfer. Chairman LoBiondo, Ranking Member Larsen, and members of the subcommittee, I am a professor in the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics at Stanford University, and I am a third-generation pilot. My research for nearly 10 years has involved statistical estimation of risk and the development of technology for enhancing aviation safety.    Personally, I find the rapid acceleration of unmanned aircraft technology to be the most exciting recent development in the field of aeronautics. The proliferation of unmanned aircraft has made aviation accessible, and has inspired a generation of eager university students in a way that we haven't seen for a long time. The growing popularity of these vehicles has also raised concern about safety.    So how do we go about measuring and analyzing these risks? To answer this, we must understand that risk is determined by both the likelihood and the severity of different hazards.    First, let us consider severity. A sufficiently large drone can damage any part of an aircraft. But one of the most severe hazards is engine ingestion. The US Airways flight in 2009 was struck by multiple Canada geese. Of course, a flock of sufficiently large drones could cause similar damage. However, flocks of drones are rare, and most consumer drones, just like the DJI Phantom, are less than one-third of the weight of a Canada goose.    I am not aware of any engine ingestion testing of the Phantom, but it is certainly conceivable that it would cause some degree of damage to an engine, but probably not of the severity that occurred with the US Airways flight.    What is the likelihood of a midair collision involving a drone? In order for a collision to occur, the drone has to be at the same altitude and the same geographic location as another aircraft. An analysis of radar data indicates that there are large areas of the country where the risk of encountering another aircraft is negligible. However, there are portions of the airspace where the likelihood of a collision is orders of magnitude more significant.    There are several technologies that can help mitigate risk. Altitude limits can be implemented fairly reliably, and only require a barometric altimeter. Implementing geofencing is more difficult, because it relies on an up-to-date database of geofence locations and accurate GPS location. But the safety risks can be significantly reduced with such technology.    I am not a policymaker, but I believe that it would be wise to set altitude limits for drones capable of flying above 400 feet. The cost to add this safety feature, if it doesn't already exist, is fairly negligible. Most drones capable of flying above 400 feet already have an altimeter.    One of the first things a new user might do after opening the box is to see how high the drone can go. This altitude limit would not ensure safety or prevent interference with firefighting on its own, but it will certainly help naive users and discourage reckless users. Preventing a conscientious user like a firefighter from overriding an altitude limit is problematic. The exact approach for overriding limits is still being thought through by industry, and I believe it is too early to mandate a particular mechanism.    Altitude limitations in geofences are near-term risk mitigation measures, but it is becoming clear that some kind of infrastructure is needed to facilitate the integration of commercial drones into the airspace. NASA Ames, in collaboration with industry and academia, has been pursuing the development of the UAS traffic management system. However, there is still tremendous research to be done.    When flying in the same airspace as manned aircraft, a sense-and-avoid system is likely to be necessary to help prevent collision. The FAA has successfully flight-tested the ACAS X system for large drones, and some of the technology may extend to smaller drones.    In conclusion, the growing popularity of commercially available drones presents a risk that should not be ignored. Education should play a major role in risk reduction. In addition, there are technologies that can be easily implemented by manufacturers to help prevent inadvertent airspace violations. It is in the interest of the drone industry to implement these safety measures. It is in the interest of our Nation to support the research needed to ensure aviation safety as our technology evolves.    Thank you for the opportunity.    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes, I would say the majority of the 700,000 or so that will be coming out are battery powered.    Dr. Kochenderfer. I think that is what they are aiming at with geofencing. But you probably don't want it to die completely, because then it will fall out of the air and maybe hurt someone.    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes.    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes, definitely. It depends entirely on the platform. I mean there are some drones that--there is one drone that came out last week that can fit on your fingertips, and weighs the same as three pennies. There are others, like the Phantom, that is one-third the weight of a Canada goose. There are others that have, like, a 10-foot wing span and weigh 30 pounds. So it really depends.    Dr. Kochenderfer. That is right.    Dr. Kochenderfer. That is what my students call me.    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes. So when I was at Lincoln Laboratory, we got a stream of radar data from all of the FAA and DOD radars, and we estimated the density across the United States at different altitude layers, and so forth. And there are a lot of areas where we just didn't see anything in 9 months.    Dr. Kochenderfer. I guess that could be a----    Dr. Kochenderfer. It depends so much upon the altitude, right?    Dr. Kochenderfer. So that has to be part of the figure.    I mean I wouldn't--even over rural North Dakota or whatever, you shouldn't be at 20,000 feet.    Dr. Kochenderfer. So I did a lot of collision risk estimation for TCAS. TCAS was mentioned earlier. It is a collision avoidance system for manned aircraft, and the FAA is working on a version for unmanned aircraft. And as part of that analysis, we used a definition of 500 feet laterally, and 100 feet vertically. So that is for manned aircraft.    And there is nothing magical about this definition, it is just what----    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes. So I think an altitude limit is minimally invasive. Very easy to implement. That is something that we can do now.    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes. So, I mean, trying to solve the whole problem is very complicated, and will take time. Four hundred feet is something that----    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes.    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes, it is really tough if you just rely upon pilot reports. And I don't want to diminish the severity of this, but there have been, well, at least one case where the pilot thought they hit a drone, and it turned out later to be a bird. So it is very tricky.    So what you would have to rely upon is some kind of surveillance system, perhaps something near an airport that could actually capture these things.    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes. So, I should clarify that engine ingestion is not my area of expertise, but I have talked with some people, and we don't really know. And I was very happy to hear that the FAA is pursuing that. But, I mean, it is not rocket science. It has probably something to do with the size of the drone, the components it is made out of, and so forth.    Dr. Kochenderfer. That is just fine.    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes. So if unmanned aircraft are going to be flying at the level of transport aircraft, or even up with general aviation aircraft, in order to be seen by TCAS and so forth, they need to have some kind of transponder.    Dr. Kochenderfer. It could work, as well. I am not sure how many life flight helicopters have TCAS installed. But it is a possibility.    The problem, though, is that the cost of these transponders, including ADS-B Out, is pretty expensive. And they consume power and they are heavy. So for a lot of these larger aircraft, it makes sense, and should be absolutely required. But for smaller drones, maybe a couple pounds----    Dr. Kochenderfer. There is a lot of interest in actually developing this, and this is an activity of Google, in fact.    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes.    Dr. Kochenderfer. It is Kochenderfer.    Dr. Kochenderfer. Yes, I think that something should be enabled by default. Because, like I said, when you pull it out from underneath the Christmas tree, a lot of people just try to see how high they can go. And we really want to prevent things like that.    But it should be allowed to be overriden, because a lot of these consumer drones are used by legitimate operators, like law enforcement and so forth.    Dr. Kochenderfer. In my written statement I categorize the different kinds of users. So I worry a lot about the naive users and the reckless users. I think bad actors are a separate category, and I would have to say that there is relatively little we can do about that right now.