    Mr. LaFeir. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, thank you for allowing me to testify, and members of the subcommittee.    I am Joe LaFeir, Senior Vice President, Information Systems and Solutions for IHS, where I lead the company's automative data solutions business, which includes recall processing. IHS's foundation in the automotive industry reaches back to the advent of the automobile. Since then, IHS has worked with nearly all manufacturers to facilitate the recall process.    IHS remains an industry leader in vehicle recall data processing and provides this service to most manufacturers today. The draft Improving Recall Tracking Act proposes to establish a national VIN database and driver information to aid in recall notification. In addition, the bill requires batch searching of the current SaferCar.gov.    To be clear, we do not oppose the batch searching provision. We are here today to express our opposition to the proposed new database. As with any good idea, the private sector has already developed a highly effective and robust solution. So the legislation simply directs the Federal Government to attempt to replicate what already exists. If enacted, the legislation will limit innovation and use taxpayer funds to create a Federally-run database that would be less efficient and likely less capable than current market solutions.    Today, the private sector's real time data processing is accomplished utilizing best in class system technologies. Using processes developed over decades, companies like IHS process billions of records each year from tens of thousands of sources and thousands of file formats. Companies like IHS also employ thousands of people, many of whom are devoted to data processing to support recall.    IHS acquires, standardizes, assembles data to create mailing lists to provide notice to affected consumers. We assist with the fulfillment of recall notices, measurement of campaigns through their completion. We provide real time reporting to our OEM customers. Further, following completion of recall notice mailings, we gather open recall information and provide that to the public through our subsidiary CARFAX and its vehicle history report service.    This bill would require registration information to be gathered from each state. Automotive data companies use registration as just one data point and many proprietary sources to determine the best possible address to contact the owner of a recalled vehicle. As proposed, this database would not provide the same level of data that we can provide today in the private sector. Using private sector data solutions, we can identify and provide addresses for the vast majority of car owners. While there are a few exceptions, recall notification return mail rates typically range in the single digits. And the private sector continues to innovate further to reduce these numbers. Given the private sector's success in providing notice, perhaps the focus should be placed on addressing why some notified consumers get their cars remedied and others do not.    In conclusion, the legislation, while well-intended, does not create a better solution than what exists today. In an era where Federal budgets are limited, this bill would direct NHTSA to attempt to duplicate a product and service that the market, using private capital, has created decades ago. The private sector continues to innovate, going well beyond the requirements of this legislation.    I appreciate the invitation to testify, and look forward to your comments.    Mr. LaFeir. I think we have good tools to get the contact and to get the notification out. I think the motivation changes as the vehicles get older. I think data and data analytics are advancing to the point where we can probably put more energy into understanding are there particular groups that are behaving differently than others? And that may be an area to focus on.