    Mr. Walden. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to the subcommittee on Communications and Technology and our oversight hearing on the Federal Communications Commission.    I want to welcome the Chairman and all of the Commissioners. We are glad to have you here again. We appreciate your joining us today.    As you know, it is our job to not only initiate innovative legislation and work with all of you on various individual legislative and regulatory priorities, but it is also our job to conduct rigorous and appropriate oversight of the Federal Communications Commission. And that is the subject of the hearing that we have today.    Sadly, it is clear by various actions of this and previous commissions that Congress has delegated too much flexibility at times and authority to the FCC. And it seems that, regardless of what our clear legislative intent is, too often that clear intent gets misunderstood or, worse, obfuscated or obstructed. So, colleagues, we have to do a better job when we write these bills so as to limit FCC authority, not to expand it.    This committee has placed an emphasis on improving the FCC's processes when it comes to conducting the people's business. The full House has concurred with our work on multiple occasions, including as recently as last night, when the House passed the FCC Process Reform Act of 2015 unanimously. This effort arises from complaints and suggestions from the public and from various Commissioners over the years under various Chairs. Better process at the FCC will result in more transparent decisionmaking, where all the Commissioners have a meaningful opportunity to participate.    And, Chairman Wheeler, while you have made important improvements, and I commend you for that--you have reduced backlogs, you have implemented a new complaint process, among other items--members of your own Commission are driven to publicly express their frustrations with the bigger decisionmaking process at times, so it is distressing to hear of somewhat bitter divisions.    Now, let me give you three specific issues that concern me and many of us on the committee.    First, our lawyers believe the FCC has disregarded the clear directive in the STELA Reauthorization Act of 2014 by expanding the scope of the DSTAC Working Group beyond what was ever intended by the committee. So that is number one.    Number two, the FCC has promulgated rules designed to preempt state laws regarding municipal broadband absent congressional authority to do so.    And, of course, the FCC continues its 8-year-long failure to complete its required quadrennial review of media ownership rules. I wonder what penalties would befall a licensee of the Commission that so failed to follow the law.    And that is just the list of things that have already happened. The Commission has a number of pending proceedings that threaten to walk the same tired path of partisan, predetermined outcomes.    The Commission has announced a rulemaking to ``clarify the FCC's expanded privacy authority under the new Internet rules,'' even when some cheerleaders for Title II common carrier regulation of the Internet access are coming to realize just how wide a net this self-granted authority casts over the Internet. If IP addresses are equivalent to phone numbers under Title II, just how will commerce flow in a broadband world? What is the FCC's definition of ``privacy'' under a law designed for hand-cranked telephones?    The Commission appears poised to move forward on an item to redefine multichannel video programming distributor, or MVPD, to include linear over-the-top video providers. This is billed as a way to promote online video as a competitor to traditional cable and satellite providers, yet many over-the-top providers assert that government intervention is not warranted and that this will chill investment and innovation in the nascent, growing sector.    And the Commission appears ready to move forward to expand the scope of the universal service Lifeline program without adopting controls to prevent ballooning costs. While this Commission has taken some steps to reduce waste, fraud, and abuse--and I commend you for that--much work remains in these areas, and the program still lacks meaningful spending controls. This, despite the fact the contribution factor for universal service--that is the percentage of consumers' bills the FCC collects each month to support the Universal Service Fund program--will rise to 18 percent in January, and that is an all-time high.    Serious concerns about the misguided management and reward system of the Enforcement Bureau have risen to the point that Chairman Upton, the vice chairman of this subcommittee, Mr. Latta, and I have asked the Government Accountability Office to conduct an independent investigation into how decisions are made, how fines are determined, and how employee performance is assessed.    In addition to these concerns, many stakeholders have expressed overarching concern that the FCC is adopting and applying its rules in an arbitrary fashion, singling out certain companies or industries for asymmetric regulation. This concern is buttressed, in their view, by so many 3-to-2 votes.    With the spectrum auction less than 4 months away, I would also like to get your assurance that the Federal Communications Commission will fully and faithfully implement the law that was passed by Congress that broadcasters will not be forced to participate and that the Commission will make all reasonable efforts to preserve broadcaster coverage, prevent interference, and make sure that consumers can continue to enjoy their over-the-air viewing.    Two final notes. First, congratulations to the FCC on your October 23 unanimous vote to adopt the AM radio revitalization order, providing needed relief to the struggling AM radio industry. To quote the NAB press release, ``a great day for AM radio and for millions of listeners across America.'' I especially commend Commissioner Pai for his leadership on this issue and for all of you for coming together and finally getting this done.    And I also want to congratulate Commissioners Rosenworcel and O'Rielly for their bipartisan efforts on 5G wireless. Keep it up.    There is no lack of leadership or ability among the five people sitting before us today. You are all accomplished, recognized leaders. Our job is to change the system so each of you is a full participant in these incredibly important and complex decisions in a rapidly changing communications world.    With that, I will turn to my friend from California, Ms. Eshoo, for her opening comments.    Mr. Walden. Thank you.    Mr. Walden. I will now turn to the chairman of the full committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Upton, for opening comments.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back the balance of the chairman's time.    And we will now go to the ranking member of the full committee, the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone.    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady yields back.    All time has expired.    We will now go to the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, the Honorable Mr. Wheeler, for your opening statement. It is good to see you.    And I just want to stipulate for the record, the red I am wearing has nothing to do with Ohio State.    Let's go now to Mr. Wheeler.    Mr. Walden. Mr. Chairman, thank you for those recommendations and suggestions. Thanks for being here. We look forward to the questions.    We will now go to the Honorable Ms. Clyburn, Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.    Thanks for your good work on the issues raised by Mr. Butterfield. And we look forward to your testimony.    Mr. Walden. Commissioner, thank you for your good work, and thanks for sharing those items with us.    We will now go to Commissioner Rosenworcel.    Thank you for being here. We look forward to your testimony, as well.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Commissioner.    I will now turn to Commissioner Pai for your opening comments. Thanks for being with us. We look forward to your testimony.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Commissioner Pai. That is very disturbing. We will follow up on that.    Mr. O'Rielly, we are delighted to have you before the committee. Commissioner, please go ahead with your opening comments.    Mr. Walden. Commissioner O'Rielly, thank you.    And thanks to all the Commissioners and the Chairman for being here and for your comments.    I am going to start.    Commissioner Rosenworcel, I noted in your recent testimony in the Senate that you supported cost-benefit analysis in the FCC's decisionmaking, reflecting what the President has proposed in his 2011 Executive order. Is that correct?    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. And you support that?    Mr. Walden. Some I do; some I don't.    Commissioner Pai, do you support that concept, as well, the cost-benefit analysis in the FCC's decisionmaking, reflecting the President's order of 2011 for the other agencies?    Mr. Walden. Mr. O'Rielly?    Mr. Walden. Commissioner Clyburn?    Mr. Walden. So, Commissioner Wheeler, it looks----    Mr. Walden . Like you have three to two here right now, or three to one. Is this something we can look forward to you maybe circulating?    Mr. Walden. You are an independent agency not subject to the----    Mr. Walden . President's Executive order.    Mr. Walden. That is why you can show leadership and----    Mr. Walden. Yes.    Mr. Walden. OK.    Mr. Walden. All right, but----    Mr. Walden. As you know this process, I only have 5 minutes, so I am going to cut to the chase here.    Is that something you are willing to put out for the Commission to consider in a formal basis, that you will do cost-benefit analyses?    Mr. Walden. All right. I will make sure and get it to you.    This issue that Commissioner Pai raised is obviously disturbing to the committee. And he details how this has not been an issue in the past, now contends it is an issue. He has been trying to get access to what the Enforcement Bureau is looking at.    If I were on the Commission, I would feel that responsibility and feel like I had the authority to get that. What is the issue there, Chairman?    Mr. Walden. Well, but I guess if----    Mr. Walden. Because if prior Chairs have been willing to share that information, is there a specific----    Mr. Walden. But are all of these law enforcement, or are they just----    Mr. Walden. All right. Commissioner Pai seems to have a disagreement. I am going to try and sort this out.    Commissioner Pai?    Mr. Walden. All right.    Mr. Walden. Commissioner O'Rielly, have you had similar sort of problems?    Mr. Walden. All right. My time for questions has expired. To be continued.    We turn now to the gentlelady from California, Ms. Eshoo.    Mr. Walden. Here, here.    Mr. Walden. We will try to.    Mr. Walden. We will go now to Mrs. Blackburn next.    Mr. Walden. Without objection.    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady yields back.    I recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. We will now turn to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Barton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back the balance of his time.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Doyle.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back the balance of his time.    The chair now recognizes the vice chair of the subcommittee on Communications and Technology, the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta.    Mr. Walden. Without objection.    Mr. Walden. I appreciate that.    We will now go to Mr. Loebsack from Iowa.