    Chairman BRADY. Well, thank you, Chairman Tiberi, for holding this Member Day hearing, for your leadership on health care issues.    Last week Tax Policy Subcommittee hosted the first Member Day hearing we've had in years. Members on both sides of the aisle presented their ideas for improving our current tax system.    We're continuing that open and transparent process today under Chairman Tiberi with another Member Day hearing focused on a major priority of our committee, health care. We are moving forward with innovative solutions to provide Americans more access, better choices, and greater flexibility in health care.    This hearing is an important opportunity to show the people and families in our districts we're serious about making our health care system work better for them. A number of provisions in the Tax Code were created to expand health care access and lower costs for the American people. But some of them work better than others, and some may not be working at all. It is our responsibility to take a hard look at the Tax Code, build on what's effective, and fix what is not delivering results.    We need bold, forward-thinking solutions to ensure our Tax Code promotes the high-quality, patient-centered health care options Americans want and they need. The best way to do that is through an open, transparent, and collaborative process, one that returns us to regular order and allows Members to advance the priorities of their constituents.    That is what this Member Day hearing of the health care task force is all about. We are coming together to develop innovative legislative solutions and begin moving them to the floor. I am grateful to all the Members and to the chairman and ranking Member who are here today to present proposals. Your participation in this process is invaluable. It is a clear illustration of what we can achieve through regular order.    We are excited to hear about all of your ideas to modernize the Tax Code and improve our health care system.    And so, thank you, Chairman Tiberi, for your dedication and hard work and your leadership of the Health Subcommittee.