    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ashe, it is good to see you again.    Ms. Nolin, thank you for being here.    I want to shift to the issue of wildlife trafficking. You and I have had many conversations and have done some events on this issue. I am pleased that we are making some significant strides on the issue, and these strides have been supported on a bipartisan basis in this subcommittee, by the full committee, and I think by the vast majority of my colleagues in Congress on both sides of the aisle.    This year, your budget requests small increases or level funding for various areas of wildlife trafficking investigation and enforcement. I would like to ask you two questions. One, are the levels that you requested able to continue to demonstrate significant progress? And number two, we passed a sportsman bill on the floor of the House, an authorization, several weeks ago. Congresswoman Grace Meng, my colleague from New York, inserted language that would increase the number of Office of Law Enforcement personnel abroad. I want to know whether your requested budget levels will be able to fund the authorization in Ms. Meng's language?    Mr. Israel. Mr. Chairman, if I can just do a brief follow-up on this?    You mentioned countries where we do have law enforcement personnel where we will plus-up law enforcement personnel. Can you tell us what countries worry you? What countries pose challenges where we just do not have personnel?    Mr. Israel. There must be some gaps somewhere in the world.    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Jarvis, welcome.    Ms. McDowall, thank you for your work.    One very specific curiosity, and then a broader question about how you sustain funding over the long term.    Specifically, the Theodore Roosevelt Association has been in a conversation with the park service about placing some interpretive markers on Roosevelt Island here in Washington. I want to thank you for that engagement and encourage you to continue to work and consult with them, so that we can develop what I think could just be a masterpiece here in Washington. Thank you for that.    I assume that you will continue to have conversations with them.    Mr. Israel. Thank you. Sagamore Hill is located in my district, so I have a very strong and deep interest in this.    Going a little bit broader, I am concerned about the ability of the park service to sustain a massive infrastructure, and to conserve, while it relies on sometimes good years, sometimes bad years in appropriations. I perhaps should not be saying this as an appropriator, but it seems to me that a long-range plan for the park service needs to consider some sustained funding levels.    I am curious as to whether you have given any thought to what future funding may look like and where you may go for sustained budgetary support and new revenues?    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Israel. $40 billion.    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Administrator McCarthy, I want to shift from one sound to another sound, from Puget Sound to Long Island Sound.    Not to belabor Mr. Jenkins' point about you not visiting West Virginia, but I have to say I am disappointed that you were not able to visit Long Island Sound. I understand that you had a crisis in Colorado that you had to attend to. I hope that the book is not closed on that. You can come to Long Island and get a flight to West Virginia. It is not that hard. Maybe it is hard. Mr. Israel. So I do hope that you will consider visiting Long Island Sound.    The Long Island Sound, which is important particularly to Ms. Lowey and I and so many others, generally receives funding of about $4 million a year. The President's budget requests $3 million. $4 million is about half of what the Long Island Sound actually needs. $3 million is $1 million less than it has been getting.    I am very deeply concerned about the adequacy of those resources. The Long Island Sound is the biggest economic generator in my region. It may not be coal for us, it is the Long Island Sound. Billions of dollars of economic activity. If we were a company town, the Long Island Sound would be our company.    The declining level of Federal resources is not just a problem for us in terms of protecting our environment. It is a problem for us in terms of protecting our economy.    The good news is that there is bipartisan legislation introduced by my colleague on Long Island, Mr. Zeldin, and I that would reauthorize the Long Island Sound Restoration and Stewardship Act. We were able to pass this legislation about 10 years ago with a former Republican Member from Connecticut, Mr. Simmons. It was signed by President Bush and approved by the House of Representatives.    The bill was passed unanimously in the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. We are hoping that it will be on the floor, before too long, in the House.    The problem that I have is, if this bill is passed, and I expect that it will be because it has always been bipartisan, we are looking at the potential of $65 million of grant opportunities and the Long Island Sound Geographic Program office is inadequately funded the task.    So I am hoping that you can talk to us about, why $3 million? What do we need to do to increase that investment? And will the Long Island Sound Geographic Program office have the resources necessary to attend to the tasks?    Mr. Israel. Thank you. I do hope that your staff and my staff can review the invitation and that you can find time to visit. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Israel. Thomas Moran was from Long Island.    Mr. Israel. Okay.    Mr. Israel. Little figures of what, sir?    Mr. Israel. Beautiful.    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Skorton, thank you for your work and for bringing these treasures.    I want to follow up on Ms. Pingree's question and your comments on the value of outreach and education. I think that we are in an environment right now in this country where we are witnessing a historic breakdown in people's faith in all institutions across the board, the institution of government and institutions just across our social spectrum. And part of that, I believe, is because there is a lack of civic engagement. Part of that is because we just don't teach civics anymore in our classrooms and in our schools.    There is this famous quiz that is circulating that when you ask a certain age cohort who won the Civil War, a majority will say the British. That is a function of just not having access to history and not having access to the traditional civics lessons that we all were taught when we were growing up.    So I would like you to amplify your comments on the importance of education, not just in Washington, and whether the Smithsonian has a mission--or would consider having a mission--with respect to greater civic engagement and civic education across the country.    Mr. Israel. Well, if you would find some time to visit with me in my office, I would love to follow up on this and specifically understand what kind of outreach you have to teachers and schools across America and how we could be helpful.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Israel. Saved by the bell.