    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. In a--excuse me. In a prior life I was the County Executive of Erie County, the largest upstate county in New York, 44 cities, towns, and villages, and 100 separate volunteer fire companies. I went through, 7, 8 years ago, the whole issue of low band, 400 megahertz, 800 megahertz. I was the one that killed the 800 megahertz plan in New York State when they came to our county, where it had to work, as the largest upstate county. In my talking to the volunteer fire folks, first of all, we knew it probably wouldn't work, and secondly, we had no money to implement it anyway. So I pulled the county out, it cratered the whole thing across New York State.    So talk to me as though I am this local volunteer fire guy. I just went from low band to 400 megahertz, and it works. It works really, really well. I knew 800 megahertz was a disaster. Now, tell me what my life is going to look like 5 years from now. Do I have to throw all my radios away? Am I going to go to 700 megahertz? Am I going to go to a 4G LTE? Who is going to buy me my equipment?    Our emergency services, central police, you know, I was county exec when Flight 3407 went down. I have had floods, I had blizzards. It was critical that we all talked to each other. Rural areas, some of our areas, believe it or not, do not today have cell coverage. So tell me what my life is going to look like. Make it really simple. I am a volunteer fire chief. What is my life going to look like 5 years from now? Tell me what it is going to be.    Mr. Collins. No, I don't know, I--mine in particular doesn't.    Mr. Collins. That is my excuse when someone reaches me. I tell them I am out in Wyoming County, and--sorry, I just lost coverage. And they go, I understand.    Mr. Collins. Talk to me as--both ways. Sorry.    Mr. Collins. Yes, but I think----    Mr. Collins. Here is----    Mr. Collins. You know, excuse me, here is the big issue. There are separate budgets, in some cases no budgets. As I said, we have 100 separate volunteer fire companies. We have 44 separate cities, towns, and villages. This is one county. You know, this all sounds good, but, you know, the tail wags the dog. I have got this small community, who is going to buy me my new stuff? I have no budget for anything, and yet, I can tell you, as County Executive, I needed every one of them to be listening to the same channel. I needed every one of them to be able to respond, which is why we went 400 megahertz across the board, no ifs, ands, or buts. The county paid for the equipment. We put every--took them off of low band, killed the 800. It works perfectly.    So now it is like, are we turning this all upside down? And if I have got to start over, one thing I can assure you, New York State doesn't exactly talk to the localities. They may talk to New York City. They don't talk to the other localities. That is what happened on the 800 megahertz, which was a debacle. I just--I mean, should I be worried? If I am a County Executive, if I am Commissioner, Central Police Services, if I am the Commissioner of Emergency Services, I just kind of see, in a perfect world, this is great, but, boy, we don't live in a perfect world.    Mr. Collins. I have got 4 seconds, but what do you envision? I--now, I am not talking about just the beginning. Are we going to be there in 5 years, is it 10 years, is it 20 years? What----    Mr. Collins. Well, deployment is different than--it is working--it is just like 400 megahertz. Don't even think about it, take out my radio, everyone is listening.    Mr. Collins. That is----    Mr. Collins . Part of the key, so--my time has expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.