    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is entirely appropriate that we have these hearings focusing on an area with almost 2 billion people and an area in where almost half those people are under 25.    Our witnesses focus on all of the countries of South Asia with the--what should we say--shared jurisdiction with regard to Pakistan, and I know our subcommittee includes all of South Asia. There are special both aid and diplomatic authorities to deal with Pakistan and Afghanistan and maybe we would hold joint hearings looking at those two countries together. Maybe next year we will make your Pakistan/Afghanistan counterparts do double duty and come before us as well as the other subcommittee.    As to India, I think it will go down in world history to have an election in which 553 million people cast ballots as occurred in April and May of last year. India is one of our most important strategic and geopolitical partners, many important issues face the country, and I look forward to hearing from our witnesses.    As to economic relations, Ms. Biswal, you have testified before, before our subcommittee, about the importance of negotiating a bilateral investment treaty between our country. In joint statements that have come out, President Obama's visit to India in January, there is further talk of this treaty.    Now, right now our trade is about $100 billion in goods and services and we are already running a $30-billion trade deficit, 30 percent. I am interested in how the administration isn't just going to have more trade but more balanced trade. Very executive agencies of our Government have occasionally testified that if you could increase American trade by having $1 billion of new exports and $2 billion of new imports that that was wonderful. Three billion dollars in trade. The fact is, unbalanced trade means we lose jobs, and I join the Vice President in a goal of $500 billion of bilateral trade, 250 and 250.    One element of this is the U.S.-India nuclear cooperation agreement. When we voted in favor of that we were told that India would open up its market to U.S. companies by making the necessary changes in its liability laws. To date I am not sure they have done that and I look forward to hearing from our witnesses. I would hate to think that we voted for that agreement believing certain things that didn't turn out to be true and then we are being given another agreement to vote on.    As to Bangladesh, the democratic process is weak. One third of the people live in extreme poverty. The two matriarchs fight over power. One of the dominant parties boycotted the elections altogether, and I look forward to you solving that problem easily in the next few months.    And of course when we focus on Bangladesh we need to focus on labor and working conditions. So many of us see their products in our stores. I know that there is some progress, some 200 labor unions have been established, a number of unsafe factories have been closed down. But then 2 weeks ago a roof collapses on another Bangladeshi factory and we are left with many dead and injured.    As to Sri Lanka we saw a real test of a democracy. And the greatest test of a democracy is when one party is voted out, another party is voted in, the party that is voted in actually takes power. The new President's soon to be empowered Parliament have to resolve a lot of human rights issues growing out of the 26-year-long civil war.    I understand our 2016 budget was drawn up before the surprise elections. Now hopefully we will be able to help the new President with truth and reconciliation, and the new government of course faces the possibility of nonconstitutional attack from both the former President but more importantly perhaps the former President's brother, former Defense Minister who was implicated in certain unwarranted and tragic instances at the end of the civil war.    So I see that the new President is open to trials taking place in Sri Lanka, and they might do more to heal the country than the trials taking place at the International Criminal Court or some other far-off land. I have got wonderful paragraphs written by a brilliant staff about Nepal, but my time has expired and I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. I just want to first focus on the budget. You are asking for $383 million. Does that cover both diplomacy and aid, and does that cover all of South Asia or South Asia without Pakistan?    Mr. Sherman. And it does not include Pakistan?    Mr. Sherman. And how much, excluding Pakistan in this discussion, do we then spend on diplomacy in the area? And I realize that would just be on the Embassies in-country. Obviously you don't have a cost accountant going through Foggy Bottom.    Mr. Sherman. Got you. We are looking at this bilateral investment treaty. I think it is important that you make sure that it is not just making India safe for offshoring jobs and that you look not only--because you are going to hear from the companies and they are going to equate, well, whatever has them make profits that must be good for America. I hope that you have the economic support to see whether this agreement will lead to jobs.    The economic analysis of permanent MFN for China was large trade that would be balanced. Instead we have seen the American middle class crushed as a result of that bad decision. We certainly don't want to repeat it with regard to India.    As to energy, you have got 300 million people in India without regular power. There is natural interest in India in the nuclear power, yet they have failed to attract U.S. suppliers to set up nuclear facilities. What does the U.S. need to do to get India to sign onto the convention on supplementary compensation, and to what extent had the Indians promised to do that or something similar as part of the 123 Agreement?    Mr. Sherman. So the ratification under these circumstances would provide the protection necessary for U.S. companies to operate?    Mr. Sherman. I want to go on. Just for the record, if you could give us a timeline about how the South and Central Asia Bureau is being restructured to include Afghanistan and Pakistan that would be helpful for our record.    I want to shift over to Sri Lanka. We have witnessed a democratic change of government there and of course the end of the civil war, but parts of the country have yet to recover especially the north and eastern regions where the Tamil minority lives. What is the State Department doing to encourage the Sri Lanka to get the army to leave these occupied lands and to allow displaced persons to return?    And what are the efforts, Jon, that you are making to rebuild the schools and hospitals that were destroyed in the northern and eastern parts of the country?    Mr. Sherman. I think this demonstrates that when people with experience in the House move into the executive branch, the executive branch is the clear winner. And I yield back.