    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Cordova, welcome back to the Committee.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. Great trip. Thank you. As you have heard today in this Committee and as you frequently hear, so much of what the NSF does is important to our country's future and there are so many important priorities in your budget. I am glad to see on behalf of my constituents in Oregon--I will name just a few that are important--clean energy technology, secure and trustworthy cyberspace. In fact at the state level we are working with our institutions of higher education and industry on a Center for Cyber Excellence. STEM education, thank you for your passion on that issue. As a member of the Education Committee, there is so much we could be doing. And then as you discussed with my colleague from Connecticut, Ms. Esty, risk and resilience. On the West Coast we have different issues from the issues they face in Connecticut. However, my constituents are very concerned of course about natural disasters being on the Cascadia subduction zone.    But I wanted to ask you, Dr. Cordova, about a particular issue that currently the Oregon State University is leading an effort to design a regional class research vessel for NSF and will be operating the first of these new vessels that is built. We are very fortunate to have this opportunity in Oregon, not just for the university to have that experience of designing a vessel, but also for the potential of what we can learn through the observations made possible by this equipment.    So I was a little concerned because there was a recent survey conducted by the National Academies that recommended some reduced funding for operations within the Ocean Sciences facilities budget, so can you give us an idea on how a rebalancing of funding within OCE might influence plans to continue development of this new vessel?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. And I just went out to the school and did a presentation before I came back to D.C. and they were thrilled.    Ms. Bonamici. Right.    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific. That sounds promising and I look forward to keeping in touch on that.    I wanted to get into questions for Dr. May. Thank you for your testimony. I look forward to having you visit the Collaborative Life Sciences Building at Oregon Health and Science University. We are doing some great work out there. Our Life Sciences Building is a great partnership between OHSU, Oregon State, and Portland State to expand the research activities and really offer a new approach to healthcare education, so I look forward to your visit.    The Manufacturing Extension Partnership program has really done a lot of good in Oregon leveraging federal funds in conjunction with state and local funding support. I wanted you to address of course the importance of growing American manufacturing. How can this budget proposal support a renewed focus on American manufacturing, especially through the MEP program?    Ms. Bonamici. It is a very important program. I have seen it working on the ground at some of our businesses so thank you for your work on that.    My time is expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.