    Mr. Zeldin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank our witnesses for being here today.    First, with regards to a treaty, I am someone who believes that the President is negotiating a treaty it should be treated as such.    I believe our Founding Fathers would agree with that. The President would try to argue precedents. We have the Constitution of the United States which I believe has a process in place that should be respected.    As far as sanctions, the President talks about snap back. For a sanction, that may take several years to put into place. I think in reality it is Fantasyland if you think you can just click your heels back together and sanctions that take that long to put into place if Iran has a violation that all of a sudden they are just going to be snapped back.    And I think that my constituents, the American people, are starting to catch on to that. It is important to understand where we are right now.    The President, just 3 weeks ago, he announces a framework agreement. He puts out a fact sheet. Within 24 hours, the Iranian foreign minister is on his official Twitter feed calling it just a spin. The ayatollah is on the streets chanting ``Death to America.''    In order to have an agreement, both sides have to agree to material terms. We are talking about a framework as if the Iranians actually agree to it.    I think that one of--one thing that might have been agreed to 3 weeks ago at the table is that both sides were agreeing to go back to the their home countries and spin wherever they thought we were at that moment--this moment in these talks to whatever best serves their own domestic politics.    I have concern about critical components where if there is no agreement that it can be worded in a broad vague way for each side to interpret the agreement differently. And we may be presented an agreement in English that may not be accurately translated.    So there are multiple levels to the complication. So we may be interpreting an agreement that the Iranians interpret completely differently. We already know what the President is going to say.    If he reaches an agreement, no matter what the agreement says--he may say this agreement is good for the United States, good for our allies and good for the safety of the entire world, he may say compliance will be certified by the International Atomic Energy Agency.    That sounds familiar? Those were Bill Clinton's words in 1994, October 18th, announcing a nuclear agreement with North Korea and we all know how that turned out. What else will he say?    He will tell us this is a good deal that prevents Iran from having a nuclear weapon. Well, what isn't included in this deal? We aren't talking about Iran, state sponsors of terrorism.    We are not talking about their work to overthrow foreign governments, pledging to erase Israel from the map, chanting ``Death to America.'' This doesn't include their development of ICBMs or their unjustly holding and imprisoning United States citizens.    Right now, a lot of people--a lot of our constituents are watching the playoffs. Basketball is going on and hockey. These are seven-game series. The first team that wins four wins the series and you move on.    The President is--I mean, this is like the number-one seed--the United States of America--we are going up against a mediocre Division II basketball team and we decide to give up our first three games.    We are now trailing in the fourth game. The President should call a time out. He should take a walk, take a breath and come back with a stronger hand.    This is the United States of America. There is no reason that we should be playing as if these are our equals and it is not that hard for him to do that.    My question for our witnesses here this morning is this. There was some chatter about legislation and one proposal that these talks require Iran to recognize Israel's right to exist.    With the ayatollah in the streets chanting death to America while these negotiations are going on, blowing up mock U.S. warships and everything else they are doing wrong, should these talks include Iran recognizing America's right to exist?    Mr. Zeldin. With all due respect, they are in the streets chanting ``Death to America.''    Mr. Zeldin. I mean, they are--I mean, they are blocking--blowing up our warships. I mean, there is plenty of evidence that they are not recognizing our right to exist. When they are chanting ``Death to America'' that is pretty much--when it is coming from the ayatollah indicating that they are not recognizing our right to exist.    Mr. Zeldin. And just with the sake for of my time because it is expiring, I don't believe that Congress has to because you just hold out the Constitution of the United States. This is a treaty, in my opinion.    This is a treaty. We don't have to pass something that requires the President to do that. Just because the President is going to play by his own set of rules and he is going to get played at the negotiating table doesn't mean that we and I need to play along--that my colleagues need to play along as well.    I yield back the balance of my time.