    Mr. Labrador. Thank you all for being here. Sheriff Jones, in your written testimony you provide some suggestions for fixing our immediate problems between ICE and local law enforcement, including making detainers mandatory in local jails and having ICE share resources with localities to ensure effective enforcement. In your view, given the current politicized status of ICE's policies, what can be done to compel ICE to provide these resources to States and localities?    Mr. Labrador. Okay. Can you explain that to the American people? It is one judge in one jurisdiction does not make the law for the United States.    Mr. Labrador. It is a magistrate.    Mr. Labrador. They are judges----    Mr. Labrador. Yes.    Mr. Labrador. Yes.    Mr. Labrador. So what can be done now? You see this Administration not doing their job. What----    Mr. Labrador. American citizens.    Mr. Labrador. It is. Okay. Thank you very much. Chief Biehl, thank you for the work that you do in your community, but I do have some questions for you. Your testimony discusses the need for comprehensive immigration reform to help law enforcement know who is present in the community. But is it not true that Kate Steinle's killer was previously in the custody of San Francisco law enforcement officials, and, thus, was already known by the San Francisco law enforcement?    Mr. Labrador. Your written testimony contains a quote from an email by community advocates you received regarding alleged racial profiling in Dayton. Were any of the allegations in the email substantiated?    Mr. Labrador. Were any of these arrests taken out because there was insufficient data about their criminality?    Mr. Labrador. Were any of these arrests dismissed, or were they not prosecuted because of racial profiling?    Mr. Labrador. Because of racial profiling?    Mr. Labrador. But not because of racial profiling.    Mr. Labrador. Okay. Your testimony notes that your department is focused on serious chronic and high rate offenders. Would it not make sense to protect residents of Dayton by working with Federal immigration agencies to enforce laws so that aliens never have the opportunity to commit so many crimes as to be considered serious, chronic, and high rate offenders?    Mr. Labrador. And you think that is a good thing, right?    Mr. Labrador. Do you comply with ICE detainers?    Mr. Labrador. Excellent. And would you have complied with an ICE detainer in the case of Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, a seven-time convicted felon who has been deported by the U.S. five times?    Mr. Labrador. Absolutely. Your recent opposition to allowing State and local law enforcement officers to help enforce Federal immigration law include that immigration law include that immigration laws are very complex. I do not know that immigration laws are any more complex than other criminal laws. Why do you not think that your officers are smart enough to be able to act as a force multiplier for Federal immigration enforcement?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you. I yield back my time.