    Mr. Perlmutter. Thanks, Mr. Chair, and gentlemen, thank you for your testimony today. I really do appreciate the panelists almost nodding as each of you is speaking because you all seem to be pretty much on the same page, and I think for the Members up here, very similar kind of view of this, and so I appreciate your testimony. I'm not often on the same page as the Heritage Foundation, I can tell you that, Mr. Cheng.    Mr. Bridenstine--so we agree, this panel on a lot of the space exploration components and this potential for a space race that we're not winning. We've been able to win in the past, and Mr. Bridenstine is pretty single-minded in talking about commercial space and the ability to expand that and the potential innovation that our private sector brings to, you know, exploring at least low-Earth orbit if not farther. There's a thing I'm pretty single-minded about, and Mr. Knight will start laughing at me, but 2033, okay, so we've had testimony by NASA engineers and other experts that 2033 orbits of Mars and Earth are in pretty good alignment to save a lot of space travel time, and that 17 years helps us put the building blocks in place to get to Mars, get our astronauts to Mars, so human spaceflight, Dr. Lewis, which is what you've been talking about, and one of those building blocks certainly could be going back to the Moon. Now, I'm not the engineer, I'm not the scientist, I don't know the best way to do it, but I do know as a Member of Congress, we need to have long-term mission that we as Members of Congress stand behind from Administration to Administration.    So Mr. Cheng, to your point, we've seen different Administrations change how we looked at our space program. So I think we do have a potential for a mission that is long-term in nature that will continue to add to our expertise and our leadership in space.    Here's my question. We do--we've had testimony by prior panels that one of the last places where we've had some decent diplomatic dialog between ourselves and the Russians has been with respect to our scientists and our space programs, continue to use their rockets to help us get to the Space Station. Is there the potential for us to have that kind of dialog with the Chinese scientists? Is it--you know, you've all used words like ``wary'' and ``skeptical.'' You've used ``cooperation'' and ``competition,'' ``hostile'' and ``pragmatic.'' Is there a way for us to work with their scientists to really start broadening cooperation, if you will? And I'll open it to anybody on the panel if you feel like answering.    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. Thank you.    And I just think there's this yin and the yang going on between competition and cooperation to the degree the competitive juices of America start flowing, I think that's to the benefit of all of us but also cooperation just to keep peace in our time doesn't hurt us.    I yield back.    Mr. Perlmutter. Mr. Chairman, may I----    Mr. Perlmutter. Thanks. I'd like to just say to my friend from Oklahoma, I agree. I wasn't talking about the fact we're paying for these launch vehicles but to have a back channel for diplomatic purposes sometimes is very important if the political systems between the two countries aren't working. So scientists sometimes lend us that back channel. That's really what I intended to convey.    Thank you, and I yield back.