    Mr. DeSantis. Good afternoon, Director Comey.    I've noticed--I'm a former prosecutor--companies have begun notifying customers when law enforcement requests data through a subpoena or warrant unless there is a court ordered nondisclosure requirement. And I think particularly for, like, child pornography investigations this may be an issue. Do you think that that that's something that could hamper investigations?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. I think we're going to address that, so I'm glad to hear you say that.    The President has a plan to bring over a lot of people from the civil war in Syria, tens of thousands, perhaps as many as 100,000. Can we vet them? And if not, isn't it just a fact that some of those people will be contributing to some of the homegrown terrorism that we have in this country?    Mr. DeSantis. You can't call up the Damascus police department and get files, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. So there's a problem here potentially, and I know it's going to fall on you then to have to defend the American people once some of these individuals come into the country, and it's just something that I'm concerned with.    There has been talk about reforming sentencing. Is it your view--people will say that drug offenses are nonviolent offenses, but particularly when they get into the Federal system, where these are really significant trafficking offenses typically, is it accurate to say that they're nonviolent or is the drug trade inherently violent, in your judgment?    Mr. DeSantis. And in terms of the drop in crime that you alluded to, is part of that simply because there have been stiffer sentences and so habitual criminals are incapacitated and they're off the streets, and therefore our communities are safer?    Mr. DeSantis. With respect to individual offenses, I know there's been discussion about mishandling of classified information, 18 U.S.C. 1924. Just one, does the FBI keep records of all the investigations related to each offense of the criminal code?    Mr. DeSantis. So in other words, we know every mishandling of classified information offense, we can look that up, that actually gets brought by the U.S. attorney, but we don't know whether the U.S. attorney declined X number of cases pertaining to that?    Mr. DeSantis. Understood. In terms of handling classified information, there has been just stuff in the press about, well, something needs to be marked classified. And is your understanding of the U.S. Code that if I were to send classified information over an unsecure system, the fact that it was not marked classified, does that mean that I have not committed the offense?    Mr. DeSantis. And I think that's an admirable posture, and I think it's one you've shown throughout your career. How does when the President of the United States renders a judgment about a specific case saying that there's no, for example, national security damage if certain information has been disclosed, how does that help the investigation, or does it hurt the investigation?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, I have no doubt that that will be how you conduct yourself. I just hope that as you guys do your work, as it moves on to other aspects of our system, that it's based on the merits of the case in every instance and it's not based on political edicts from on high.    So thank you for your time. I appreciate it.    I yield back.