    Mr. Feldstein. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Bass and members of the subcommittee for the opportunity to testify today.    Advancing democracy in Africa is a top priority for the administration. In the last year we have seen significant democratic advances in several countries.    Nigeria, for example, held successful elections last year that led to the country's first democratic transition between parties since the end of military rule.    Similarly, I just returned from a trip to Burkina Faso and the Central African Republic where both countries elected reform-minded Presidents. Each country now has a moment of opportunity to enact bold reforms and build democratic foundations.    Despite these positive developments, democracy in other parts of Africa has deteriorated. In too many places the pre-electoral environment and the space available for civic participation remains restrictive and flawed.    Too many entrenched leaders continue to manipulate their countries' constitutions, judiciaries and electoral processes to indefinitely extend their time in office.    They systematically thwart citizens' rights to choose their leaders without pressure or fear and those who protest in the street are arrested, detained, tortured and beaten.    Recent events in Uganda illustrate how a government can curb fundamental freedoms and eviscerate the credibility of an electoral process. Leading up to and following the February 18th elections, the Government of Uganda harassed and arrested opposition supporters, restricted media, and pressured civil society.    During the contest itself, Uganda blocked social media and limited communications. In the days following the elections, security forces held opposition candidate Besigye under house arrest for 42 days. The government arrested Mr. Besigye again last week, the day before President Museveni's inauguration.    He has reportedly been charged with treason and transferred to a maximum security prison in part because of his demand for an independent international audit of the election.    Uganda has banned all live reporting of opposition party protests and arrested dozens of others. The government has also put forward a bill that would give it outright power to control communications.    We have repeatedly urged the government to protect and preserve the basic freedoms of citizens and will continue to do so.    I recently visited Burkina Faso, which is an example of a country where a leader's overreach led to unrest and ultimately his removal from power but also where we are partnering with new leadership to chart a more democratic way forward.    A vibrant civil society led by an energized youth movement of artisan musicians--Le Balai Citoyen or Citizen's Broom--broke 27 years of one-man rule and gave rise to the country's first democratic elections since 1978.    As Burkina Faso takes a step forward, other leaders in the region continue to undermine democracy by changing constitutions and using additional means to extend their stay in office.    For example, Rwanda President Paul Kagame has repeatedly stated his commitment to respect constitutional term limits and to mentor a new generation of leaders. We were deeply disappointed when earlier this year Kagame announced his intent to stand for a third term and held a snap constitutional referendum to cement this decision.    In making this choice, he missed a significant opportunity to deepen democracy in Rwanda and demonstrate global leadership.    The violence currently afflicting Burundi is a revealing example of how anti-democratic policies, namely violating the Arusha Accords by running for a third term, can rapidly lead to widespread human rights violations, civilian casualties and increased risk of mass atrocities.    The ongoing crisis in Burundi has resulted in hundreds of lives lost and over 260,000 refugees fleeing the country. Burundi has experienced 10 years of progress in reconciliation and development but is now deeply destabilized and struggling with a crumbling economy.    Burundi is a cautionary tale for the unfolding political crisis in the neighboring Democratic Republic of the Congo. According to the DRC's Constitution, the President is limited to two terms in office.    Elections are scheduled for November 2016 at which point the DRC should experience its first democratic transition in power which would mark a monumental step toward solidifying the DRC's fragile democratic progress.    Instead, President Kabila is delaying elections through a strategy of ``glissement,'' or slippage, and refusing to announce his intention to step down at the end of his term.    The government continues to undermine the democratic process by harassing, arresting and intimidating civil society and opposition leaders.    Security forces are increasingly willing to use excessive force including against peaceful protestors. This combustible combination threatens the security of the DRC and the broader stability of central Africa.    We believe that officials within the DRC Government have the individual responsibility to uphold human rights. We have repeatedly made clear that the U.S. is prepared to impose targeted sanctions against those responsible for human rights violations or propagating violence and we do believe the voices of the Congolese people should determine the future of the Congo.    I'd like to highlight a final issue: Fighting corruption and kleptocracy. In too many countries, the rent-seeking opportunities of elected office provide a lucrative incentive for entrenched leaders to steal from state coffers and cling to power.    Unfettered access to state resources personally enriches rulers with ill-gotten gains and provides leaders with the means to buy the loyalty needed to sustain power.    In conclusion, we will continue to advance a democracy strategy with a strong emphasis on respect for the rule of law, human rights and civil society.    To be successful, we need sufficient resources to support our efforts and we appreciate your support.    Thank you for the opportunity to address the committee today and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Feldstein. Thank you for the question, Mr. Chairman.    I think that the process supporting electoral observation issues is a critical part to supporting our democracy efforts in several ways.    First of all, I think it signals very specifically that the international community is paying particular attention to a given situation. It also is able to get a wider array of eyes on the ground to observe a particular situation, especially in the area of a contested election, where we believe there is risk of instability or risk of violence.    So a good example is where we did fund a successful electoral observation mission recently was Nigeria where I think there were significant concerns about the potential for violence breaking out in the country but I think in part because of strong messaging, a diplomatic strategy paired with eyes on the ground we were able to work with all sides and actually lead to a very successful outcome.    Not all situations warrant this type of investment. It is expensive and is something that takes a certain commitment. But I think in places where there is a viable contested election and there is the potential for some problems I think this can be a very important tool for us to continue using.    Mr. Feldstein. Thank you for the question regarding good as well as bad elections, and I fully agree with you that there are many instances of places that had good elections in the past year.    I would add to Burkina Faso and Central African Republic, Benin, Cote D'Ivoire, and Namibia, as you mentioned as well, and I think those are not only good examples and models for the region but I think there's a lot of lessons learned that can be implanted.    One of the things that I find interesting is that just as you sometimes see modelling of certain types of bad laws like NGO-restrictive laws or modelling when it comes to the term limits issue, you can also see positive modelling the other way where countries like Senegal, which have made great strides when it comes to solidifying and consolidating democracy are able to talk to and do exchanges with other countries and say this is how it can be done better--this is how you build political institutions and so forth.    So I agree that sometimes we do have a tendency to focus on the problems. I think that's part of the human rights community. It's part of what we tend to really concentrate on and we say where are there issues, where are there atrocities, where is there a risk of something bad happening and we throw all our resources and attention there.    But it is important to recognize that there is a lot of progress being made on the continent and that gives me hope. Coming back from this last trip to Central African Republic and Burkina Faso I saw a lot of that and it really has given me a positive more optimistic viewpoint about where things potentially can go as we continue heading into the year.    Mr. Feldstein. I would just add to what my colleagues said in particular that I believe there's a nexus between good governance and a lack of humanitarian crises in places that are able to feed their own people and withstand and be resilient to disaster.    And I think if you look at the many of the places that have suffered crises, whether it's Ethiopia several decades ago, whether it's looking at South Sudan more recently, the amount of money that ultimately entails the international community putting forth to protect lives, to deal with refugee flows, to help people avoid starvation, malnourishment and so forth, runs into the billions--the amount of money that peacekeeping forces cost once civil war breaks out runs into the billions.    And so the idea, I think, for us is that if we can use an ounce of prevention in terms of good elections and helping to provide for better governance that will help forestall some of the larger crises at which point then there's little choice but to act.