    Mr. Legomsky. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Conyers, and honorable Members of this Committee, for the privilege of testifying at this important hearing.    I appreciate that reasonable minds can and do differ about the policy decisions, but I want to respectfully share my opinion that the President's actions are clearly within his legal authority. That is not just my opinion, by the way. This past November, 135 immigration law professors and scholars joined in a letter expressing their views that these actions are ``well within the legal authority of the executive branch.''    We are people who have spent years and, in some cases, including mine, decades studying, teaching, researching, and writing on immigration law, and we are very familiar with what the statute allows and what it forbids.    The President has not just one, but multiple sources of legal authority for these actions, and I have submitted a detailed written statement that documents each of them. I also identify there every legal objection I could think of that the President's critics have offered, and I explain why, in my view, none of them ultimately withstand scrutiny.    So with limited time, I will hit just a few key points and refer you, please, to the written statement.    Deferred action has been standard agency practice for many decades, and it has been expressly recognized by Congress in several provisions and in many court decisions. Furthermore, every lawyer knows that statutes are not the only source of law. The most explicit legal authority for deferred action, but not the only authority, is in the formal agency regulations, which have authorized it since the earliest days of the Reagan administration. These regulations, by the way, were adopted through notice and comment procedures, and they do have the force of law.    None of these laws, not one of them, says or even remotely implies that deferred action is per se illegal whenever the number of recipients is large.    The most vocal critics, including Judge Hanen in Brownsville, have misunderstood what deferred action is. They have confused deferred action itself with certain things you can apply for if you get deferred action. Deferred action itself is just one form of prosecutorial discretion. It is a decision not to prioritize a person's removal, at least for the moment. The only thing affirmative about it is that the agency is giving the person a piece of paper, letting them know that that is the case.    Every immigration scholar and practitioner knows that deferred action can be revoked at any time for any reason, and the Government can bring removal proceedings at any time. Contrary to what my new friend Professor Foley has said, there is nothing in any law that says that this makes a person who is deportable not deportable or that it gives them some kind of status. That is simply not true.    It is true that existing laws allow deferred action recipients to apply for certain other things, including work permits, and if they are granted, Social Security cards.    But the executive actions do not touch any of those laws. So my feeling is, if you object to them, then by all means, argue for challenging them. But there is nothing wrong with deferred action itself, or this particular use of it.    Importantly also, DACA and DAPA applications----    Mr. Legomsky. I am sorry.    Mr. Legomsky. Sure.    DACA and DAPA applications do not create binding rules or create substantive rights or statuses. The Secretary's memo says this explicitly. They are discretionary, both on paper and in actual practice. As for the latter, I hope there is a chance to expand on that subject during the question period.    Finally, there have been some melodramatic claims that if these executive actions are legal, why then there must not be any limits at all on what future Presidents can do. My written statement identify at least four significant, concrete, realistic limits. I have time now just to whiz through them.    In a nutshell, one, the President cannot simply refuse to spend resources Congress has appropriated for enforcement, as President Nixon famously discovered. But that is not a problem here because President Obama has spent every penny Congress has given him for immigration enforcement, and he has used it to remove 2 million people. Nothing in these executive actions will prevent him from continuing to do the same.    Two, the governing statutes impose limits. They will generally indicate how broad the executive discretion is in a particular area. In this case, Congress has given the Secretary of Homeland Security especially broad responsibility for, and I quote, ``establishing national immigration enforcement policies and priorities.''    Now nobody claims that power is limitless. It is, of course, subject to any specific statutory constraints. But to date, none of the critics have identified any specific statutory provisions that they can credibly say DACA or DAPA violate.    Three, the particular priorities can't be arbitrary or capricious. These particular executive actions set three priorities: national security, public safety, and border security. I doubt many would say those are irrational.    And fourth and finally, even if the priorities are rational, they can't conflict with any enforcement priorities that Congress has specifically mandated. But here it is just the opposite. Congress has expressly mandated exactly these very same three priorities.    So there are serious limits, and these actions fully respect them.    Thank you very much again for the opportunity to testify.    Mr. Legomsky. My answer to that is yes, that would be enough.    Mr. Legomsky. The answer to that would depend on an empirical question. The question is, would the President still be spending substantially the resources Congress has provided?    Mr. Legomsky. Well, as I just said a moment ago, that is only one of what I see as four different limits. But the answer is yes. The President must spend the resources Congress has provided.    Mr. Legomsky. No, it is not, Mr. Goodlatte. For I think the third time, I think there are other limits as well, and they include not only spending the money but making sure it is within the terms of the statute, making sure the priorities are rational, making sure the priorities are compatible with those Congress has specifically mandated and so on. So it would depend on all of those things.    Mr. Legomsky. I will get it right this time.    First of all, the figure is 95 percent, not 97 percent. Professor Foley's numbers are quite old, and the current USCIS Web site has laid this out in detail for several months now. We can speak later, if you wish, about whether even 95 percent is too high, but it is actually 95 percent.    But second, I think, with respect, you have confused denials with rejections. When you were speaking about people losing because they hadn't signed a form or check or submitted the fee, those are the rejections. There are more than 40,000 of those. But in addition, there are more than 38,000 denials on the merits. I think it would come as quite a surprise to those folks to learn that decisions are being rubberstamped.    Mr. Legomsky. Thank you, Congressman. I would say the answer is no.    As the President himself has made clear on many occasions, he can't do what Congress can do. Only Congress can create immigration status and a path to a green card and eventually citizenship. All he has done with deferred action is to say that we will give you a temporary reprieve from removal. We will make you eligible to apply for a work permit. If it is granted, then you can apply for a Social Security card.    But that does not approach a green card, which would give you the right to remain permanently, the right to eventually naturalize, and the right to bring in any of your family members and so on. Deferred action doesn't do any of those things.    Mr. Legomsky. Thank you. I am glad to have a chance to answer that question, because it really lies at the basis of the APA denial and even the constitutional claim.    Judge Hanen had no support in terms of evidence in the record that that was true. The starting point is the Secretary's memo. It explicitly says, repeatedly, you must engage in individualized, case-by-case determinations. It also specifically says that even if the threshold criteria are met, you still need to exercise discretion.    Furthermore, there is a lot of discretion being exercised just in determining whether the threshold criteria have been met. For example, to figure out whether somebody is a threat to public safety, it is not just a question of fact. It is also an opinion as to how much of a threat a person has to be before we will deny it, and so forth.    So what the critics are really reduced to having to argue, in effect, is that this USCIS workforce is somehow going to systematically disobey the Secretary's clear, explicit instructions to exercise discretion.    There is not one shred of evidence in the record to support such an accusation.    Mr. Legomsky. I don't want my answer to sound disrespectful, but that has been one of the most irritating objections that I have been hearing along the way. I know that it makes for good political theater to keep saying the President has contradicted himself. But when you actually look at the statements the President has made, with just one exception, almost all of them have just been grand, general statements about how ``I have to obey the law. I cannot suspend all deportations,'' which, of course, he has not done, and so forth.    He recognizes that there are limits to his discretion. And obviously, he believes that DACA and DAPA do not exceed those limits, as do the vast majority of experts in the field.    The one exception, I have to acknowledge, is the unfortunate statement made in a spontaneous reaction to a heckler at one gathering when he said, ``I took an action to change the law.'' I am sure that if the President could go back and edit his comments, as so many of us would love to do when we speak orally, he would realize he should have said, ``I took an action to change the policy,'' because that is a more accurate description of what he did.    But to read global, legal significance into that one offhand comment does seem to me highly misleading.    Mr. Legomsky. It is factually correct.    Mr. Legomsky. Sure. I think everything you just said is absolutely correct.    Two things on the discretion issue. First of all, I do agree that there really is no law out there that says the President couldn't grant deferred action on the basis of a class-based discretionary judgment, if he wanted to do so. We don't have to reach that issue here, however, because the President didn't even do that. He did provide specifically, or the Secretary did, for individualized discretion.    I want to add that this is the way agencies normally behave, and it is a very sensible. You want the agency to provide some generalized guidance to its officers as to how they are to exercise discretionary power, first of all, because you want political accountability to rest with the leaders; secondly, because you want this information to be transparent, because it is important; and thirdly, the officers on the ground need to know what to do; and fourth, we want some reasonable degree of consistency. To the extent possible, you don't want relief to depend on which officer you happen to encounter or which prosecutor's desk your file happens to land on.    And in this particular case, the evidence in the record shows that, in fact, these case-by-case evaluations are being made.    Mr. Legomsky. Sure. I think border apprehensions and priorities make sense both for the reason you just gave, Congressman, and for another very important, practical reason. It is just very smart strategy.    It is a lot smarter to stop a person at the border than it is to divert resources from the border, let people in, then try to chase them down years later.    Mr. Legomsky. No. Their status remains unlawful. They do have something called lawful presence, which has a very specific meaning in one particular provision. But their status definitely is still unlawful.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes, they have done that in a couple cases, as have many of the lower courts. One Supreme Court decision specifically recognized deferred action by name. The facts were different, but the takeaway was the same. The President has this power.    Mr. Legomsky. I don't believe it is different. All fact situations are different in some sense, but they are not meaningfully different. A slightly different form was used than in previous cases, but the fraction of the undocumented population that the actions were predicted to effect is roughly the same. And in all other respects--the one common denominator is, in all of these cases, Presidents have used their powers to provide temporary reprieves from removal and temporary permission to work, both of them revocable, to large, specifically defined categories of undocumented immigrants. That is not unprecedented at all.    Mr. Legomsky. No, that statement is not true, and I am not sure where Professor Foley gets the authority. None is cited.    They are, of course, still deportable. The Secretary has made clear that deferred action could be revoked at any time. There is nothing to prevent the Administration from initiating removal proceedings at any time. So I am not sure what the basis would be for that assumption.    Also, I was neglectful in saying thank you so much for those generous words, which are really too generous.    Mr. Legomsky. I think Professor Foley makes a fair point in noting that that case did involve a denial of relief rather than a grant of relief. But the broad takeaway from the case is evident from the court's language, where it went out of its way to say that this discretion extends to the decision whether to adjudicate cases, how to adjudicate cases, and also whether to execute removal orders.    So the facts might be slightly different, but I see no basis in the opinion for distinguishing it based solely on the facts.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes. I think it is a little bit of both. I would distinguish two kinds of so-called benefits.    First of all, there is benefit in simply receiving a piece of paper in which the Government tells you we are deferring action in your case. People can disagree on the policy of that. There are pros and cons of telling a person. But I have never seen anybody cite a law that says it is illegal to tell a person we are not going to proceed against you.    The other benefits, the ones you have been describing just now, are, as you point out, specifically authorized by statute and even more specifically authorized by the regulations. They have been enforced since the early 1980's. Again, they do have the force of law. And they specifically say that if you received deferred action, you are eligible to apply for a work permit.    Mr. Legomsky. I think that would be the logical result. It would be up to each individual police officer to decide, ``What do I think my agency's priorities ought to be?''    I would add that in addition to the benefit you just described, mainly helping ICE sift out the low priorities so that they can focus on the high priorities, in addition, USCIS is collecting a lot of very useful law enforcement data that can be shared with these other enforcement agencies. Of course, all that is being paid for by the requesters themselves, not by the taxpayers.    Mr. Legomsky. Pretty close. Thank you.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes, Legomsky. Yes.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes, thank you.    Mr. Legomsky. Thank you. Let me say first that, as outlined earlier, I think there are several tangible limits. I know Professor Foley has just said I don't think any of those four limits really work, but I am not sure why they don't work. There are real limits on what a future President can do.    May I just say, also, that I very much appreciate your having brought to life what these issues are about. This is not an academic game. We are talking about the lives and the hopes of millions of people, and I am thankful to you for bringing that out.    Mr. Legomsky. One hundred thirty-five immigration scholars and professors, not even counting practitioners, signed on to that letter.    Mr. Legomsky. I am aware of two and a third person whose views are somewhat ambiguous on it. There are very, very few in number.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes. I don't want to represent that every immigration professor has opined on the issue. But of those who have, those would be, roughly, the numbers.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes, sir.    Mr. Legomsky. It has been. I am very fortunate. Thanks.    Mr. Legomsky. I do, and can I just say I have a great deal of respect for both of my colleagues here. They both have done some wonderful scholarship, and they are both top people in their fields.    Mr. Legomsky. But, ultimately, whether the ``take care'' clause has been violated depends on immigration law. If you are going to say the President hasn't taken care to faithfully execute the laws, you have to specify what laws you think the President has violated.    And one of the things that struck me about this discussion is that there has been almost no reference to any specific provisions of the law that they actually say have been violated.    Mr. Legomsky. I think it does with one qualification.    I agree with Professor Foley that that it's not limitless. The Secretary must exercise that power consistently with any specific statutory constraints. But again, no such constraints have been credibly identified.    Mr. Legomsky. I am sorry, sir. I don't have a number on that. There have been studies, though. There is no doubt that the number was cost-prohibitive. It would be impossible to do.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes, many, many billions.    Mr. Legomsky. I am sorry, I want to take that back. I shouldn't say many billions, because I really don't know the number. But it is astronomical.    Mr. Legomsky. Well, I think, first of all, they are very similar in that, in each case, the President was acting in an area in which Congress specifically decided not to act.    One of the differences that Professor Foley mentioned, and I have to say this is a fair argument, though I disagree with it, the argument was, well, President Bush was exercising a specific statutory power because there was something in the law that authorized voluntary departure. I don't know that Congress intended for voluntary departure to be exercised on a class-wide basis, but there is that.    The only point I would make is that, first, deferred action itself is recognized in many places in the statute. It has been recognized by many courts. And secondly, the most explicit legal authority, which does have the force of law, is the regulation that has been in force for more than 30 years.    Mr. Legomsky. Thank you. At first blush, I agree that 95 percent sounds high, but it is not when you think about who is actually applying for DACA and DAPA.    If you are an undocumented immigrant, and if in addition you have some other negative conduct in your background, there are at least two things you are very unlikely to do. First of all, you are not going to initiate contact with the Government and say, ``This is my name. This is where I live. I am undocumented, and I also have this other negative thing in my background. And here are my fingerprints, so that the FBI can do a background check on me.'' You are not likely to do that.    Second, unless you are independently wealthy, and not many of these folks are, you are not going to send the Government a check for $465 for something you are very unlikely to receive.    So for both reasons, this tends to be a very self-selecting population, overwhelmingly people with rock solid cases. And therefore, the high approval rate in no way is evidence that these decisions are being rubberstamped.    And may I just add quickly also that the notion that they are being rubberstamped would come as quite a surprise to the 38,000 people who have received denial notices.    Mr. Legomsky. Well, I agree with you. I think you are absolutely right. Deferred action is simply an exercise of prosecutorial discretion. The only thing that distinguishes it from some exercises is that the Government is giving the person a piece of paper saying this is what we have decided to do.    I think, with respect, that Judge Hanen has confused the question of whether deferred action is legal with the question of whether these other benefits are legal once deferred action has been granted. If he objects to those other benefits, for example, the ones that are codified in the statute or that are in the regulations, then properly what he should be doing is advocating for a change in those laws. But the President did not touch any of those. It is just deferred action.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes, thank you. The APA notice and comment requirements, by statute, do not apply to general agency statements of policy, which the Supreme Court has expressly interpreted to include any guidance that the agency wants to give about how it plans to exercise one of its discretionary powers, which it has done here.    So what this really turned on in this case was whether you believe DHS when they say they are exercising real discretion. Judge Hanen concludes that they were not. But the only evidence he cited was an unsupported statement by one USCIS agent, Kenneth Palinkas, whose support was simply, they are being decided by service centers, which by the way, is where the vast majority of USCIS adjudications are being decided. And he said, therefore, they must be getting rubberstamped. That simply doesn't follow.    Adjudicators at the service centers, and I know this from personal experience, take great care to go over the documentation very carefully. There are also FBI background checks and so on. And if there is any case in which they think there would be some use in conducting a personal interview, then they can and will refer the person to an interview at a field office.    So those are very careful adjudications. I don't know where he gets the idea that they are being rubberstamped.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes.    Mr. Legomsky. Congressman, I think now I answered your first question too quickly. I should have said, ``Yes, but.'' As long as discretion is left to the individual officer to decide whether to initiate prosecution in the case that you described, then it does seem to be perfectly legal. I was understanding your hypothetical to mean there was no discretion. But in this case, there is. The Secretary has repeatedly and explicitly told the officers that even if the threshold criteria are met, they are still to exercise discretion. And in fact, at the court's request----    Mr. Legomsky. Well, on the first point, let me just observe that USCIS has many thousands and thousands of adjudicators, and if one of them told you that we are not allowed to use any judgment in deciding whom to prosecute, that person is directly violating the Secretary----    Mr. Legomsky. Well, the main limits are the ones that I laid out in more detail in the written statement, but to summarize them briefly, one, the President cannot refuse to substantially spend the resources Congress has provided, because----    Mr. Legomsky. I think that is an unanswered question.    Mr. Legomsky. No, I said that was one limit.    Mr. Legomsky. Well, I suppose that is theoretically possible. It just has never been decided by a court, because it would be rare to find a law enforcement agency----    Mr. Legomsky. The legislature could very specifically supersede the decision. There is nothing in the statute that specifically supersedes the President's priorities, but the legislature could----    Mr. Legomsky. That would not nearly be enough. We all know that in the----    Mr. Legomsky. I don't know that I could draft it off the top of my head.    Mr. Legomsky. Okay, well, Congress could do something similar to what it did when it mandated very specific priorities. There is language that specifically mandates a priority on national security. There is language that----    Mr. Legomsky. I was offering one option as to how a statute could be drafted.    Mr. Legomsky. Well, yes and no. There are certain instances in which plaintiffs have been found to have standing to challenge prosecutorial discretion. But I don't see this as being one of them.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes and no. I am not sure if it was the outcome of the election so much as the desire to avoid the kind of political confusion that would result.    Mr. Legomsky. It would depend on the facts, and it would depend on the specifics that----    Mr. Legomsky. I agree with you, Congressman, that Congress, if specific enough, could foreclose a particular type of exercise of prosecutorial discretion. My only point is that they have not done so in this----    Mr. Legomsky. I believe not, because that would contravene both the Congress and passing the Immigration and Nationality Act generally, but----    Mr. Legomsky. My answer to that question is the same as the one I give a little bit earlier. It is impossible to answer without the empirical knowledge of whether that would still leave him with the ability to substantially spend the resources Congress has provided.    Mr. Legomsky. The question has simply never been answered.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes.    Mr. Legomsky. No, I did not.    Mr. Legomsky. If the only reason were that they don't have enough funds, the answer probably would have been no. But, of course, the real question is, we don't have enough funds and here is why I think my client should be a low priority. In that case, I hope a reasonable ICE agent would take that----    Mr. Legomsky. I have to answer in two parts, I am afraid.    Mr. Legomsky. I understand. But I have to explain.    Judge Hanen in his order specifically ordered the Government to give some examples of cases in which people were found to have met the threshold criteria but nonetheless were denied----    Mr. Legomsky. Yes. That is what I was leading up to.    Not only did they provide the information but Mr. Neufeld in his sworn affidavit offered several specific examples of such cases. Nonetheless, Judge Hanen inexplicably said the Government has not provided information that the cases----    Mr. Legomsky. Yes, but the difference is that in the latter case, you are affirmatively telling them that.    Mr. Legomsky. My gut instinct is to say that that would be very difficult because it would turn on the empirical question of whether, after doing so, you are still able to substantially spend the resources Congress intended.    Mr. Legomsky. Sure. Well, as you know, Congressman, especially from representing people in the past, there are lots of reasons people have been granted deferred action, including a range of humanitarian reasons.    But as to your last example, where he granted only to nationals of Mexico, I would just mention that there are lots and lots of cases in which Presidents have granted functionally equivalent discretionary relief to people based solely on their country of origin. So that would present a close question.    Mr. Legomsky. It could be defund enforced departure or some other remedy.    Mr. Legomsky. I do. I believe in what he is doing and think he is taking sensible actions. So yes, I confess to that.    Mr. Legomsky. I consider myself an advocate for the legal rights of all people, whether they are here illegally or not. Everyone has certain rights.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes.    Mr. Legomsky. Yes. I have referred, on occasion, to people who are here illegally, but I don't like the phrase ``illegal alien'' because I don't like the idea that the word ``illegal'' would be used to describe a person. They have acted illegally. They have entered illegally. I have no objection to that. But the phrase ``illegal alien'' offends many people because you are defining an entire person by one act.    Mr. Legomsky. I think that is a very thoughtful question, and it does tie in with a thoughtful question that Mr. Gowdy had asked earlier. I don't think you can separate the two.    Whether this is constitutional depends on whether the President has a justification for choosing the priorities that he has. And one of the factors that has informed those priorities is the reality of limited funds.    Mr. Legomsky. I have. I do not believe they have violated the APA, and my basic reason, which I can state succinctly, is that the only argument made for why the APA notice and comment procedures might be thought to apply would be that they didn't really involve the exercise of discretion. And for all the reasons given in my written testimony, I think there is simply no factual support in the record for that conclusion.    Mr. Legomsky. I am sorry, do you mean in requesting a stay?    Mr. Legomsky. I do. A stay is a discretionary judgment, but certain factors inform it, one of which is how likely you are to succeed on the merits, how much damage would there be to either side if the stay is not granted, and so on.    I think reasonable minds can disagree about the stay. My own view is that it would make sense to grant it.    Mr. Legomsky. In the stay motion, the Government asserted two different harms. One harm is simply to the Government's authority granted by Congress to establish national immigration enforcement policies and priorities. The other harm, which is much more tangible, though, is that at this point the Government has already invested resources in hiring adjudicators, leasing physical space, and so on, that will be eventually recouped by the revenue that comes in from the request. But if that were to be shut down, then this money would be wasted. And in the meantime, the Government does have to continue its preparations, if it is to resume this on schedule.    Mr. Legomsky. Sure. I strongly disagree with the idea that Texas is going to lose even one penny because of this for several reasons.    First of all, they never allege that they are going to have to hire a single additional person to process these driver's licenses. It is the marginal additional costs, not the average amortized cost that should count.    Secondly, they don't----    Mr. Legomsky. Yes.    Mr. Legomsky. Well, two things. The first point----    Mr. Legomsky. Okay, sorry. I will go to the second point. The second point is that while Texas, to its credit, offsets that cost by the revenues it would receive from the applications, it still comes out to a negative, if that is all you take into account. What they don't take into account is what so many empirical studies have now demonstrated, which is that their tax revenues will increase dramatically as a result of DAPA and DACA. There has even been a study that specifically finds the same thing to be true for the State of Texas. So they will gain financially quite a bit from this.    The third thing is that if you adopted this theory of standing, just think for a moment of what it would lead to. If the mere fact that, when a Federal benefit is granted, someone could then apply for a State benefit were enough to confer standing, then every time USCIS grants anything to anyone, the State of which that person is a resident could then come in and say we have standing to challenge that. Surely, that is not what the standing doctrine was designed to accomplish.    Mr. Legomsky. I think he went further than that. He said his authority is limited. He didn't have the authority to suspend all deportations.    Mr. Legomsky. Right.