    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Horowitz, Mr. Lynch really hit on something with respect to the good ole boy culture. And this is my concern that I'm seeing more and more of the good ole boy culture as this committee continues its investigation. I mean, we've seen it with the DEA sex parties. We've seen it with some of the things going on in the Secret Service admittedly, you know, not subject to this. We see it in a lot of government agencies.    In your investigation, do you get a sense that there is a good ole boy mentality? Is it as bad as I think it is?    Mr. Farenthold. Ms. Leonhart, do you run the DEA. Do you think it's appropriate in your off time, even in a country where prostitution is illegal, to engage prostitutes?    Mr. Farenthold. And how----    Mr. Farenthold. How could any of your agents not know this? This strikes me as just common sense that--I mean, and we have a memo from Eric Holder. Admittedly, not a fan of Mr. Holder. But, I mean, he really--I can't believe there's even a need for a memo that says it's not appropriate to hire prostitutes.    I mean, let me read from the memo--a couple of things from the memo: The solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the Department, not simply because it invites extortion, blackmail, and leaks of sensitive or classified information, but because it is also undermines the department's effort to eradicate the scourge of human trafficking. Regardless of whether prostitution is legal or tolerated in the particular jurisdiction, soliciting prostitutes creates a greater demand for human trafficking victims and, as a consequence, an increase in the number of minor and adult persons trafficked into commercial sex slavery.    And now he goes on: For this reason, I want to reiterate to all Department personnel, including attorneys and law enforcement officers, that they're prohibited from soliciting, procuring, or accepting commercial sex.    To me, it seems ludicrous that we would even have to write a memo like this. It defies common sense.    Mr. Perkins, what about the FBI? Is there anybody in the FBI thinks it's OK to go hire a prostitute?    Mr. Farenthold. But the message we're getting, with no disciplinary action or time off with pay, tends to reinforce that.    Mr. Horowitz, is there congressional action that needs to be taken? Do we need to change some of our laws to make it easier to fire people who are proved to have engaged in this?    Mr. Farenthold. All right. So what do we do to fix that? I mean, somebody is going to have to be disciplined for not reporting. It's not just the rank-and-file men and women who are engaged in misconduct that need discipline. It's their superiors that are covering it up and obstructing. Is that not correct?    Mr. Farenthold. Now, but we're also seeing--you want disclosure from the folks that you're investigating.    We're starting to see lots of redacted stuff here in Congress when the IG Act only says the identity needs to be--needs to be withheld. In fact, had we wanted more information withheld, we could have modified it on Section 6103 of the taxpayer--of the IRS code.    I mean, you want full reporting. What's the excuse for not giving us more access here in Congress?    Mister--anybody want to field that? I mean, some of it's the IG, Mr. Horowitz.    Mr. Farenthold. I think we have a differing interpretation of that, but I see I'm out of time.    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you very much. I see my time is expired.