    Mr. Rogers. Good afternoon. This subcommittee will come to order.    Welcome to our hearing on ``Future Options for the U.S. Nuclear Deterrent: Views from Project Atom.''    For those who haven't read it yet, Project Atom is a unique and very timely study on the future of the U.S. nuclear deterrence. It is unique because it brings together perspectives from across the policy and political spectrum to examine this most important of national security issues.    Four different think tanks participated and had what appears to be a spirited debate of the critical issues. And Project Atom is timely because it is so sorely needed. As some of the materials for the study say, it helps fill, quote--``the current deficit in the national security attention paid to the continued relevance and importance of the U.S. nuclear strategy and force posture,'' close quote.    This committee has been striving to correct this deficit as well. And we welcome Project Atom and its contributing authors in support of that cause.    Chairman Thornberry's nuclear deterrence week of hearings and classified briefings this summer was a step along that same path. This subcommittee will continue to work to inform Congress and the public on the requirements for a robust and credible nuclear deterrence long into the future.    My hope is that Congress and the executive branch, particularly in the next administration, will take a hard look at Project Atom and what it is trying to tell us, because the bottom line is that the world is not standing still. We are not returning to the Cold War, but we are also not returning to the 1990s when so many people believed international peace and love would reign indefinitely.    We need a clear-eyed view of the world's other nuclear states and would-be nuclear states and what we must do to ensure nuclear deterrence holds and nonproliferation prevails.    In the short term, we need to focus on building a nuclear strategy, posture, and enterprise that is flexible and responsive. Our witnesses have lots of suggestions on that front and this committee has advanced legislation toward that goal.    In the long term, I believe we need to rethink the logic behind a policy that keeps the United States indefinitely maintaining a nuclear capability we had in the 1990s.    As other nations, Russia, China, North Korea, Pakistan, continue to research and deploy new nuclear capabilities over the coming decades, the logical question that we must ask is, will the nuclear deterrence capabilities the United States had in the 1990s be credible in 2040?    Unless you believe global zero is going to happen any day now, and if you do then I have a bridge to sell you, we are going to have to reexamine that policy. A choice will be made on this front, not right now, but sometime in the coming years. In the meantime, we can discuss all of this with our panel of witnesses.    Thank you all for being here today and contributing to the study. We know it takes a lot of time to prepare for these hearings and we really appreciate your commitment.    The witnesses are Dr. Clark Murdock, senior adviser, Center for Strategic and International Studies; Dr. Keith Payne, professor and department head, Missouri State University; Mr. Elbridge Colby, Robert M. Gates senior fellow, Center for a New American Security; Dr. Barry Blechman, co-founder of the Stimson Center; and Dr. Adam Mount, independent consultant.    With that, I will turn to my friend and colleague, the ranking member from Tennessee, for any statement he may have.    Mr. Rogers. We will now ask each of our witnesses to make an opening statement, summarizing their prepared testimony, and ask to keep that to 4 or 5 minutes.    Your written testimony will be, without objection, entered into the record. Also without objection, I want to enter into the record the full Project Atom report.<dagger>---------------------------------------------------------------------------    <dagger> Excerpts from the Project Atom report can be found in the Appendix beginning on page 103. The full Project Atom report is available at http://docs.house.gov/meetings/AS/AS29/20151103/104109/HHRG-114-AS29-20151103-SD001.pdf.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Mr. Rogers. Without objection, so ordered.    We have provided a copy of that report to each of the members and have a few available for others as well.    Now, let us hear from the witnesses in this order. First, Dr. Murdock, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. Dr. Payne, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. You need to turn your microphone on.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Dr. Payne.    Mr. Colby, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Colby.    Mr. Blechman, you are recognized for 5 minutes. Dr. Blechman, I apologize.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Dr. Blechman.    Dr. Mount, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. I thank you, Dr. Mount.    And I thank all of the witnesses.    And I would like to recognize myself now for the first round of questions.    As you heard me say in my opening statement, I am worried that the current U.S. nuclear strategy and posture is not suited to the world we are finding ourselves in during the 21st century. It seems to be based on what you might call the hopeful aspirations of the mid to late 20th century.    Dr. Murdock, you served in the Clinton administration's Department of Defense during those heady days. Your bio has pegged you as a long-range planner. So let me ask you, do you think the current nuclear strategy and posture keeps us secure for the long run? And if not, what do you suggest we change and what action should this committee take to get us back on the right track?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you.    Dr. Payne, you were a primary author of George W. Bush's administration in his Nuclear Posture Review. How has Russia as an actor on the world stage, in particular in nuclear affairs, changed since then?    Mr. Rogers. Great.    And Mr. Colby, your testimony suggests that the U.S. should make its nuclear forces more flexible and create the ability to tailor nuclear strikes in a narrower fashion than available today. You mentioned low-yield warheads, tailored effects like EMP , earth penetration, et cetera.    Compared to what our current strategic arsenals provide, how would these types of new capabilities provide increased deterrence toward adversaries, and why do we need them?    Mr. Rogers. Great, thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the ranking member for any questions he may have.    Mr. Rogers. Thank the ranking member.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Lamborn, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. Thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman, Mr. Aguilar, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. The gentleman's time has expired. I am going to have to--sorry. But I would ask you this. It is a very provocative question. Any of the witnesses that would be willing to provide us a response in writing, I would appreciate that for the record. That would be very helpful.    Mr. Rogers. Let me try to keep us on schedule and go to Mr. Fleming, of Louisiana.    Mr. Rogers. I am sorry?    Mr. Rogers. No, you asked a good question. That is why I appreciate it. I would like everybody to respond to it.    Mr. Fleming is recognized.    Mr. Rogers. Thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Garamendi, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Franks, for 15--for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. You would like 15, though.    Mr. Rogers. Thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman, Mr. Bridenstine, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. The gentleman's time is expired.    Thank you very much.    Dr. Blechman, you suggest that we allow several hundred U.S. tactical nuclear weapons we have, our B61 nuclear bombs, to simply age out and go away, that we shouldn't modernize them.    But it is openly discussed that Russia has many thousands of tactical and nuclear weapons, landmines and air defense missiles, artillery shells and many other types.    We eliminated our other forms of tactical nuclear weapons in the 1990s, but Russia didn't follow suit. And now Russia is violating the INF Treaty with ground-launched cruise missiles.    So isn't your proposal simply unilateral nuclear disarmament by the United States, something we tried in the 1990s and have direct evidence that it didn't work?    Mr. Rogers. Great. You also suggested eliminating one-third of our ICBMs and eliminating two SSBNs, which means we cannot sustain our continuous at-sea deterrence. With Russia totally uninterested in following such reductions, aren't those dangerous positions?    Mr. Rogers. All right.    Dr. Payne, the final report of the Perry-Schlesinger commission on the strategic posture of the United States stated, quote--``Working with partners in the intelligence community, the laboratories should be in a position to advise national leadership on foreign nuclear weapons' activities bearing on the interests of the United States and its allies. In short, the commission recommends that the laboratories be allowed to design, simulate and experimentally assess foreign nuclear weapons designs for the purposes of defense analysis,'' close quote.    Why, in your opinion, is this important?    Mr. Rogers. Your microphone.    Mr. Rogers. Anybody else have any thoughts as to why that is important or not important?    Let the record reflect, no.    I now turn to the ranking member for any final questions he may have.    Mr. Rogers. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California for a final set of questions.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    And I thank the witnesses for being here, for a very thought-provoking hearing. It has been very worthwhile.    I would remind you that we are going to leave the record open for 10 days for members who couldn't be here, to get their questions submitted to you. And I would ask you to respond to those in writing in a timely fashion if you could.    With that, we are adjourned.