    Mr. Brason. Brason.    Mr. Brason. Thank you very much. Chairman Murphy, thank you for convening this and giving us the opportunity to share what is happening on the streets of our communities and our response to the issues that we encounter, and I am talking back to 2004 as a hospice chaplain realizing the medication issues that were happening in our community homes where families were stealing, sharing, and selling the medication of and with the patients.    Having addressed it that way and not having any solutions, we in Wilkes County, North Carolina addressed it from a public health perspective: this is our house, our community, and we need to fix it. And by doing that, we convened all the community sectors that we could, and working with each single one to derive a solution-based process from our schools to our law enforcement to our medical community to our prescribers, and in doing that, we created a public health model to sort of bring awareness to the issue but then also making sure that there is a balanced approached so that we are talking about prevention, intervention, and treatment across the spectrum. We do want to prevent the overdoses from occurring but we also want to ensure that patients can have access to care, receive the medication and the treatment that they are entitled to but receive it safely and appropriately, but then those individuals who do have and have developed a substance use disorder, disease of addiction and so forth, that they have a safety net so that they are not just pushed into the heroin or they are not pushed someplace else.    A community has to address all of those facets, and we began by addressing first community awareness and community education so that individuals receiving a prescription can take it correctly, store it securely, dispose of it properly, and never share. Unfortunately, those are common practices that go on in our community with the right prescription for the right person but when it is in the home, the family is feeling like, well, it is OK because the doctor wrote it. Those are some of the public health reversals that we need to do. Then we work with our prescribing community to, you know, look at how to best manage chronic pain, how to manage acute pain, how to appropriately prescribe but then also how to assess patients, how to determine they are at risk, you know, possibilities, but then also looking within the community, and if there is a risk of something already has developed, who can I have the warm handoff to for the treatment that is necessary to them, whether it is an abstinence program, whether it is a medication-assisted treatment, whether it is a methadone or a buprenorphine or naltrexone. There isn't one treatment that works for everybody but there is treatment that works for everybody, so we have to make sure our communities have accessibility for all of that, and that is what we look for in our community and we are able to do that by education.    When I first mentioned methadone, I thought I was leaving North Carolina permanently. It was not a pleasant time. But after education and understanding of what treatment is and how the brain is affected when somebody has been using for a while, there has to be a stabilization. There has to be a bridge, and we have to be able to provide that to those who are in trouble.    But then as we address the prescribing community, then we also had to talk to our law enforcement, work with them on diversion techniques, the take-back programs, the permanent drop-offs for old meds in the home because in 2012, we did dispense 259 million prescriptions, which means we have accidental ingestion going on, especially among toddlers. So we have patients misusing, unfortunately overdosing. We have toddlers' accidental ingestion, unfortunately overdosing. We have families and friends sharing with unfortunate overdosing. We have recreational users going out for a good time and somebody having a pill for them dying from an overdose, and then we have those with substance use disorder dying from an overdose. Looking at all of those categories within our population groups, we have to address all population groups, all ages from a public health perspective to reverse the behaviors, the misconceptions, and the problems that arise from that but ensuring that those that need it can receive it, those that need treatment can receive it and have it.    So as we did that, then we looked at, you know, what treatments could we bring into the community, and then we introduced naloxone. The North Carolina Medical Board was the first medical board in the country to come forth with a position statement that best practice is supporting and having an available naloxone, especially co-prescribing that with a medication to those individuals who are at risk. A person at risk could just be released from jail or person. A person at risk could be receiving methadone for treatment or for pain. A person at risk could be receiving opioid medication for their pain or they have a previous history for substance use. So, there is a broad base for the naloxone. It just needs to be made available, and thankfully, out of the State of Virginia, they are putting forth a law that sort of mandates co-prescribing of naloxone to a person receiving extended release or long-acting opioid medication. It is a safety factor. It is not a treatment but it is a rescue medication, and many of our communities now, especially Massachusetts, North Carolina and others, law enforcement are saving lives, and that is what is important to them. So it is a safety factor to do that.    But without a comprehensive approach, there is not any one single bullet, there is not any one single thing. It has to be everything and it has to be all of us in order to drive the change from a public health perspective and have best practice from the individual to the prescribers, to the emergency departments, and everybody in between to accomplish that.    Thank you for your time.    Mr. Brason. Getting patients off----    Mr. Brason. A comprehensive approach and determining and assessing that individual of what the best treatment modality may be. Some can walk right into a 12-step abstinence program. Others who have been using for even longer then do need that maintenance therapy in order to give them that stability so that you can work on their entire life. Now, somebody who is getting the methadone or the buprenorphine can receive that, and that takes maybe--if they are getting daily dosed--an hour and a half a day. What happens to the other 22, 23 hours of that person's life when they had gone from 24/7 of looking to use, getting to use and figuring out where they are going to obtain that? It takes community support. You have got to have the life systems around that individual so that if they are getting the right maintenance therapy or the right 12 steps, they have got the counseling, they have all of those in place, but what happens when they go home? You talk about a rural community. They leave their house or they go to detox and they leave detox during the same home, same environment, same friends. If there is no other support around that to help them stay strong in that environment, then they fall back into the same situation.    Mr. Brason. My word to them would be: We are here, I am here to help you, and let us walk through this together to see what best works for you so that we can then work on all the circumstances, situations, and issues that brought you to that place. We can talk about the drug problem, but what caused all of that?    Mr. Brason. Yes.    Mr. Brason. That is correct also, yes.    Mr. Brason. Yes, I do.    Mr. Brason. From North Carolina, obviously we are along Virginia and Tennessee and so forth, and we have the same program to where prescribers can access each individual State so that they can check the patient's history to make sure that they are not crossing those lines.    Mr. Brason. Yes. We addressed that with the prescribing populations that we have taught and trained on managing pain and appropriate prescribing is instituting best practice methods for doing that frontend assessment to determine what kind of risk do we have here: do you have a biological risk, do you have a cultural risk, do you have an environmental risk. and if those are answered, then you know how to appropriately prescribe or put in the safeguards with the urine screens and pill counts and so forth.    And then coupled with that, the FDA has been approving abuse-deterrent formulations to make them available to individuals so that they can't crush and they can't snort and they can't inject. So when you are combining that federal level work with the local prescriber, you can still prescribe but then it is a much safer product.    The problem we have is the coverage in order to pay for that, you know, that obviously that probably boosts the price of the drug a little more so while the copay for this is $5, the copay for this is $50, the patient is going to want the $5. It is a generic that is abusable, and then we have the issues, and I was recently with a doctor in southwest Virginia, a great pain management facility, and I said are you prescribing the abuse-deterrent formulations, and she says I can't get coverage, you know, so those are some of the areas that, you know, we have got one end doing what they want to do and on the other end the prescribers doing what they want to do, but the people in the middle that cover this and pay for this, you know, are problematic.    But the prescribers for the most part are willing to do best practice as long as they continue to treat and then have the mechanism to help somebody who needs the help.