    Ms. Moore. Thank you so much Mr. Chairman. Now just let me say upfront that I really regret that other responsibilities took me away from attending the entire meeting, and so I do ask the distinguished panel to forgive me if my questions or comments seem to be a little off base from just the lack of opportunity to have heard you all the way through. I just want to be clear. I do not have my bifocals on, so it is hard to see, but you are Attorney Pinto, right?    Ms. Moore. J.D., okay, and so that is M.D. Dr. Smith, Dr. Spriggs, and Dr.----    Ms. Moore. Dr. Lindsay, right. So, okay, I want to get into the whole thing about educational opportunity.    We often hear about how only 5 percent of the world's population lives in the United States; 95 percent live out in the world, so we have lost a lot of the manufacturing; the kinds of jobs that uneducated, low income people can do. And even when we talk about technical manufacturing in my district, these are very high-end, new kinds of technologies that require education. So I am a little bit confused about this. What I have heard since I have been sitting here; this sort of, you know, denigration of higher education.    I am one of those people, you know, the eighth of nine children, born poor, on the welfare. I had a baby out of wedlock, who benefited from getting a bachelor's degree, and so I guess I am just a little curious to ask the panel, so when you start talking about how the country will not benefit by increasing educational opportunity, that is confusing for me, since it seems to me that we are going to retain hegemony in the world by producing the, you know, the Apples and the Googles and the kinds of technologies that require higher education. We will start with you, Dr. Spriggs.    Ms. Moore. I see none of you guys chose to go to technical college but, anyway, go on.    Ms. Moore. And none of you people over here either.    Ms. Moore. Okay, thank you, Dr. Spriggs. I do not have much time, Dr. Lindsay. Would you just please just give me a 20 second rebuttal why--especially when you say, you know, like I know black people would not get to go to college if we had to rely on tests and so forth. Give me your 20 second rebuttal to why we do not need people to go to college.    Ms. Moore. Okay, even though most of those jobs are in the emerging world. Let me ask you just a little bit about infrastructure. Dr. Lindsay, we are talking about housing. I think in your testimony you said that, basically, it was kind of poor people wanting housing and that is sort of the reason we had the housing crisis. Do you see where appraisers, credit agencies, subprime lenders, the toxic loan packaging; where these basically criminal and immoral activities had more to do with it than, say, the GSCs or people wanting housing, people who exploited poor people?    Ms. Moore. Who did I intend? Oh, Dr. Pinto. That is right.    Ms. Moore. I mean, J.D. Pinto.    Ms. Moore. But not by appraisers and subprime lenders?