    Mr. Gross received his bachelor's degree in information systems management from the University of Maryland, University College, and he received his CIO certification from the National Defense University.    I now recognize Mr. Gibson for five minutes to present his testimony.    Mr. Gibson. Thank you, sir.    Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, Chairman Loudermilk, Ranking Member Beyer, and Members of the Subcommittee, my name is Fred Gibson, and I'm the acting Inspector General of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Thank you for the invitation to speak with the Subcommittee today regarding recent cybersecurity incidents at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.    The Federal Government has seen a marked increase in the number of information security incidents affecting the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of government information, systems, and services. The charter for this hearing is to address two specific security interests and concerns that this Committee has regarding the FDIC's cybersecurity posture.    The FDIC's Office of Inspector General carries out two primary functions. The first is to audit and evaluate the FDIC's programs and operations, including controls designed to safeguard the Corporation's data and address and report breaches when they occur. The second function is to investigate suspected criminal activity, including breach incidents where case-specific facts lead us to believe that a crime may have occurred.    With respect to our first role, we are currently conducting two audits pertinent to the Committee's concerns that we anticipate will be completed in the near future. The first examines the FDIC's process for identifying and reporting major security incidents, as required by applicable federal law and related guidance. The second audit addresses the FDIC's controls for mitigating the risk of an unauthorized release of sensitive information submitted by systemically important financial institutions.    As you are aware, on February 19, 2016, during the planning phase of the first of these audits, we issued a memorandum to the FDIC's Chief Information Officer regarding a specific security incident which we believe warranted Congressional reporting. In the memorandum the OIG concluded that the Corporation was required under the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014 and related guidance issued by the Office of Management and Budget--and that's OMB Memorandum 16-03--to report the security breach as a major incident to the appropriate Congressional committees. Ultimately, the FDIC reported the major incident to this Committee, which led ultimately to our testimony today.    With respect to our criminal investigative function, the FDIC OIG participates as a non-voting member on the FDIC's Data Breach Management Team, or DBMT, for situational awareness purposes. The DBMT, as its name implies, reviews data breach incidents. Where the facts of a particular incident, which we learn through our participation in the DBMT or from other sources, appear to point to a crime having been committed, we open an investigation. If the results of our investigation warrant, we make referrals to the Department of Justice. I can confirm the existence of one criminal investigation arising out of the incidents that formed the basis for today's hearing. However, that case is open. It's in a pre-indictment phase, which limits my ability to discuss it directly.    Nevertheless, I hope to be able to provide you with the information that you need to conduct your oversight activities with regard to these issues, and I look forward to answering the questions that the Committee has. Thank you very much.    Mr. Gibson. Sir, was that direction--was that question----    Mr. Gibson. Sir, we haven't reviewed the FDIC's production of documents to the Committee. We received a request from the Committee for FDIC documents that were in our possession, and we provided the documents that we collected in the context of our audit.    Mr. Gibson. Sir, I believe they were provided at ten o'clock yesterday morning.    Mr. Gibson. Yes, sir. We provided a copy of our--I don't know if Mr. Gross personally has. We provided a copy of our production to the Congress to the FDIC so they would be aware of what we did.    Mr. Gibson. At the same time we provided it to the Committee.    Mr. Gibson. Yes, sir, about ten o'clock.    Mr. Gross, you and I are just viewing this incident from completely different perspectives. You make it sound like this is a very friendly termination from an employee, she accidentally took personal information about 160,000 or more citizens, and then gladly gave it back, just for one example. And the staff kind of tells me it didn't really work out that way all the time, that there was some defiance there, some refusal.    You mentioned there was no evidence that she kept any of the information. Actually, there's no evidence that she didn't keep the information. One went to work for a foreign financial institution that could benefit greatly from mining that kind of data, we know that.    And, you know, I'm amused by the term--the whole issue. We call it a data breach. You know, where I'm from we'd call it a theft. If you take something that's not yours, that's called a theft. We don't call it a data breach back home. Maybe just because we're talking about electronic records, we're no longer going to call it a theft, we're going to call it a data breach. But the fact is tens of thousands of American citizens are compromised because of this.    And my question for you, Mr. Gibson, in your testimony you stated that ``If the threshold for criminal investigation is not met, the responsibility lies with the FDIC to pursue the civil and administrative remedies.'' Could you expound upon what these remedies could potentially be? Surely there will be clear punitive measures for the perpetrators of such a breach. Are there--any of these former employees currently on administrative leave, getting a full paycheck, receiving a pension like the IRS people were? There needs to be consequences for these actions.    Mr. Gibson. Sir, as a former employee, they're not on payroll, and I do not believe that any of these individuals have retired or are receiving pensions, but I don't know for sure. I believe that they all left for other employment opportunities in other places.    With respect to the FDIC's remedies, both administratively and civilly, the FDIC can pursue the return of information. The FDIC could take actions to enjoin an individual from using, disseminating, taking any action with respect to that information. The FDIC could undertake administrative actions within the FDIC in order to tighten up its security protocols or other situations. There's a number of things they can do in the absence of criminal activity, and that's what I'm really referring to.    Mr. Gibson. Well, sir, I understand the example that you're using, and I would agree in that particular situation. I mean, the fact that somebody robs a bank and gives the money back doesn't mean that they didn't rob the bank. That's absolutely right.    For us to pursue a criminal case, however, one of the things that we're going to have to be able to establish in connection with our case is specific intent on that person's part. If the material was removed inadvertently, which is the FDIC's conclusion with respect to that, we have a bar right up front to being able to pursue a criminal case in the face of that determination. I'm not saying that we can't, but we're going to need some facts that get us over that and allow us to be able to pursue that sort of a case.    Mr. Gibson. Sir, we--when we conduct a criminal investigation, we do so when we have probable cause to believe that there's been a crime that's been committed. Prior to that time, we conduct something called an inquiry. And the methods that we use in conducting that are somewhat less intrusive than the methods that we would use to conduct an investigation.    When information comes to us where we are able to open an investigation, we do. And in one of these cases, we have. If additional information were to come forward to us that would enable us to open a case, we certainly would be asking those questions. We try and develop it as best we can, and that's the way in which we're pursuing it.    Mr. Gibson. So I really need to take a look at this set of facts. Offhand, I'd say that there are different interpretations of these facts. Non-adversarial, I mean, it seems to me that you could interpret these facts to suggest that she is adversarial. You could certainly interpret these facts to suggest that she's being less than candid or truthful.    Mr. Gibson. Sir, I don't agree with that statement, and I may have a different opinion.    Mr. Gibson. Sir, I think that when the waterfall requirements of 16-03 are triggered, I think that there's an obligation to report in 7 days from the time that the agency has a reasonable basis to believe that a major incident has occurred. That's what the law says.    Mr. Gibson. So it could. I haven't--I'm not familiar with the incidents that that's referring to and, you know, to answer that conclusively, I want to review that. But, you know, it certainly could indicate that, yes.    Mr. Gibson. Sir, I think that question would need to be answered by the supervisors.    Mr. Gibson. I'm afraid I can't.    Mr. Gibson. If you want to ask me a question, let's see.    Mr. Gibson. I don't see why not.    Mr. Gibson. Sir----    Mr. Gibson. That is my understanding, yes, sir.    Mr. Gibson. Sir, that's my understanding.    Mr. Gibson. Sir, there are actually--well, there is--I believe the document that you've got is an IG report.    Mr. Gibson. That document was produced to address the FDIC's handling of the incident internally. It's not a technical report.    Mr. Gibson. The technical reports would have been prepared by an FDIC contractor that was brought in to study the specific situation. The question is a technical one. Our report really doesn't get to that. It gets more to the issue of reporting of the incident and the FDIC's handling of the incident than it does the technical aspects.    Mr. Gibson. But in so far as--you know, yes, the answer to the questions that you're asking is yes, but I don't know the technical details----    Mr. Gibson. --behind some of that.    Mr. Gibson. No, sir, it is not.    Mr. Gibson. We are not authorized to make a specific attribution to any particular actor.    Mr. Gibson. They did not.    Mr. Gibson. Sir, it's not our responsibility to report; it's the FDIC's responsibility. We prepared that document in the middle of an audit, actually planning for an audit. We had not completed our work at that point in time. At the time that our work is completed, we would have made some public disclosure of it. There are other points at which public disclosure might have occurred, depending upon the FDIC's response to that memorandum. When they responded by determining that they would disclose the incident, then there was no need for us to make it public ourselves.    Mr. Gibson. Well, sir, it could. It's a fact that you'd have to consider as you evaluate the case. When we have a statement from the government that says that something's inadvertent then you have to establish that there's specific intent to violate the law. Now, if I was a defense lawyer, that's probably the first document that I would wave around. That doesn't mean we can't, but it does mean that it can increase the bar; it can increase the level of difficulty that we have.