    Mr. Davidson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Wallach, your testimony addresses the possibility of inserting malware into voting machines themselves. Can you elaborate on how malware could be loaded onto machines that are not connected to the Internet and further explain what it means that each and every single voting machine has to be manipulated? Or is there a different way where you could just hack one machine and that would transmit a bug to other machines in the precinct, again, even though they're not connected to an Internet?    Mr. Davidson. Okay. So, you know, it's accurate to say that just because something is not connected to the Internet, it does not have vulnerability to cyber attack?    Mr. Davidson. Okay. Perhaps as Secretary of State, Mr. Schedler, you could talk about--I spoke with our Secretary of State Husted about their protocols, but perhaps you could elaborate on how do your procedures protect against that risk should something like that occur?    Mr. Davidson. Okay.    Mr. Davidson. Right. So in your system you have one card. Ohio system is similar. You have one card goes to one machine.    Dr. Wallach, you mentioned a case study in Ohio. Perhaps you could elaborate on what that real vulnerability is.    Mr. Davidson. Would a centralized federally controlled national voting infrastructure increase or decrease that risk?    Mr. Davidson. The machine itself has memory, the card has memory, and it prints a roll tape that stays secure inside the machine and you can audit any one of those, so it's a good system in Ohio. It's been tested a lot. And Ohio will likely be front and center again in this election.    Dr. Romine----    Mr. Davidson. Romine, sorry. You stated in your written testimony that the NIST voting programs partnered with the AC to develop the science tools and standards necessary to improve accuracy, reliability, and usability and security of voting equipment used in federal elections for both domestic and overseas voters. How do you measure these improvements? How do you quantify them? Are there qualitative, quantitative measures?    Mr. Davidson. Okay. Aside from identity theft--my apologies. My time is expired.