    Dr. Vickers. Chairman Thornberry, Congresswoman Sanchez, distinguished members of the committee, good morning. It is a privilege and pleasure to be with the House Armed Services Committee to provide an outside view on U.S. strategy for Iraq, Syria, and the global jihadist threat.    My former colleague and dear friend, Michael Morell, has described the threats that ISIS, or ISIL, poses. The ISIS threat is nested in several other conflicts that are raging across the Middle East--civil war and sectarian conflict, the global jihad, and then proxy war between Saudi Arabia and its allies and Iran and its allies.    In my opening statement this morning, I would like to offer a few thoughts on how I believe U.S. strategy needs to be intensified and accelerated to deal with these challenges.    The aims of U.S. strategy in the Middle East should be threefold: one, to prevent a major attack on the U.S. homeland and defeat the global jihadist threat; two, to reassure our allies and partners and contain Iran; and, three, to restore a favorable balance of power and greater stability across the Middle East.    I will discuss, in turn, what I believe are the needed adjustments to our strategy in Syria and Iraq against the global jihadists and against Iran, beginning with Syria.    Syria is the center of gravity for Middle Eastern conflict. It is where the battle for the future of the Middle East is largely being waged. A coalition victory in Syria would roll back Iranian power and deal a significant blow to the global jihadist movement.    I believe we need to adjust our strategy in Syria in two principal ways.    First, U.S. strategy has treated Syria as a secondary theater of war in the Iraq-Syria war. In my judgment, we need to shift to a Syria-first strategy and reinvigorate our efforts to remove Assad from power.    Second, we need to significantly intensify our operations. Strike sorties and the weight of strikes need to be significantly increased, as does coalition support, both quantitative and qualitative, for the moderate Syrian opposition. It is not too late to decisively support the opposition. We did not develop a war-winning strategy, for example, until the sixth year of our covert war against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in President Reagan's second term.    Let me now briefly turn to Iraq and make four points.    First, as the retaking of Ramadi shows, a more intense application of airpower and more aggressive use of U.S. combat advisers is also a good strategy in Iraq.    Second, the key to a Sunni tribal uprising against ISIL or ISIS is decisive U.S. engagement. The key to sustaining that uprising is the devolution of political power in Iraq across sectarian lines.    Third, we are in a competition with Iran for influence in Iraq. How sectarian identity, politics, and a post-war settlement will shape the future of Iraq and Syria remains to be determined, but our competition for influence with Iran is one we should seek to win.    And then, fourth, more broadly to both Iraq and Syria, raids by special operations forces will contribute an important line of effort to our strategy, but to be effective the tempo of operations needs to dramatically increase. For this to happen, the Iraqi Government must approve an increase in the number of U.S. special operations personnel on its territory.    Now turning to the global jihad, global jihad has metastasized, and time is not on our side, as Michael mentioned. Global jihadists cannot be contained. They must be defeated and continually disrupted while they are in the process of being defeated. Sanctuaries must be denied.    There are three points I would like to make.    First, disrupting and defeating the global jihadists in Syria and Iraq and beyond will require roughly the same ways--precision air strikes exploited by indigenous ground forces led by U.S. advisers--and sufficient means. The global jihadists will not be defeated until the ungoverned space in which they operate is eliminated, their ideology is discredited, and stability is returned to the Middle East. This will require a significant long-term investment in capacity-building of indigenous forces, irregular as well as regular, and sustained U.S. engagement.    Second, the Predator has been our most effective weapon in our campaign against the global jihadists, and the size of the Predator fleet will remain a critical limiting factor in the conduct of our campaigns.    Third, intelligence is our first line of defense, and, accordingly, investments in this area should have top priority.    I would like to conclude by saying a few words about U.S. strategy for Iran and the need to reassure our allies. Iran remains on the offensive in its quest for regional hegemony, and our Gulf Arab allies feel increasingly under siege as they confront a multi-front war with Sunni radicals and Iran and are increasingly estranged from us. Further estrangement would pose a serious challenge to our campaign against the global jihadists and will result in our allies becoming more vulnerable to Iranian and radical Islamic aggression. Reassuring our Gulf Arab allies, strengthening our fraying Arab-Turkish-Kurdish coalition, and containing Iranian expansion are thus critical to our broader efforts in the Middle East.    Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ambassador Ford.    Ambassador Ford. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much for the invitation to address you and the honorable members of the committee today. It gave me an excuse to come down from the cold winter up in northern New England.    I would like to in my remarks speak, above all, about the politics that is underway in Iraq and in Syria. I am going to avoid the strict military discussion because, to me, the Islamic State is more than the sum of its fighters. It is actually, as Mike Morell was saying, it is a quasi-state. But it builds support, it recruits, it replaces fighters who are killed, it even trains little children.    And so, confronting something like that, we need to think about what is a sustainable solution over the long term. And I am going to therefore talk about resources, and I am going to talk about the politics of national reconciliation.    First, Iraq. I visited Iraq a couple of months ago. It was my first time there on the ground in 5 years. I worked in Iraq for 5 years with the American Embassy and before that with the Coalition Provisional Authority.    My sense is that in Iraq on the military side there is progress, but there are two big challenges.    First, on the resource side, both the Iraqi Government in Baghdad and the Kurdish regional government in Irbil, both are heavily dependent on oil and oil sales. And low oil prices are really crunching their ability to mobilize resources in the fight against the Islamic State.    It was very noticeable to me that the Kurdish leadership, whom I have known since 2004, was genuinely concerned about their budget abilities to sustain the fight against Islamic State. Some of their Peshmerga fighters had not been paid for 3 months. But even in Baghdad, the authorities were concerned about the resources.    Second issue on Iraq: the politics of national reconciliation. Mike Vickers just mentioned the importance of devolution and decentralization. I certainly agree with that, and I am hopeful on that, because the Sunni Arab leaders, again, whom I have known since 2004, have really come around 180 degrees. They used to be in favor of a tight, strong central government, and now they are arguing for devolution of power.    That is what the Shia and the Kurds always wanted 10 years ago. For the first time, I have actually seen the Sunnis, the Shia, and the Kurds in Iraq all talking about, sort of, the same system of government. That is new, and that is hopeful.    But, at the same time, as events in Diyala, northeast of Baghdad, yesterday showed, there is serious sectarian tension. The Islamic State yesterday exploded several car bombs in the weary city of Baqubah, and there was immediately concern among the local Sunni Arab population that Shia irregular, Shia militia, would retaliate. There was actually a fear that they would attack Sunni Arab mosques.    In order to mobilize Sunni Arabs to contain the Islamic State, there must be efforts at national reconciliation. And this is important because we don't want the Islamic State to be put down militarily and then revive, as happened between 2011 and 2013. I really don't want to see an Islamic State version 2.0.    It is important for the Americans, therefore, to maintain pressure on the Shia militia problem in Iraq. There are Iraqis, such as Prime Minister Abadi, Ayatollah Sistani, a superb religious leader in the Shia community, people like, on the Sunni side, Speaker Jabouri, who are all working for national reconciliation.    And so, in Iraq, we need to help mobilize resources for both the central authorities in Iraq, Baghdad, for the Kurdish regional government in Irbil, and we have to be engaged on the national reconciliation, working with the gentlemen I pointed out.    On the Syrian side, Mr. Chairman, I am much less upbeat, much less optimistic. There has been some progress on the ground in northeastern Syria, but that has been led by Syrian Kurds, who have a separate political agenda. And their political agenda is, first, autonomy, and second, fight the Islamic State. Make sure we all understand that: first, autonomy; second, fight the Islamic State.    Because their first priority is autonomy, in that heterogeneous area of northern Syria, these Syrian Kurds have already stirred substantial resentment among local Arabs. I would note that Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have both issued reports accusing the Syrian Kurdish militia, the ones we are helping--they have accused them of ethnic cleansing and war crimes against the local Arab communities. That does not help national reconciliation. That does not help build local Sunni indigenous forces to contain the Islamic State. We don't need to help the Islamic State recruit.    As Michael Vickers just noted, the only way really to generate more indigenous forces is to help the Syrian opposition and to see the removal of Bashar al-Assad at some point and the creation of a new national unity government. The sooner that can be done in Syria, the better. Only a new national unity government in Syria is going to be able to mobilize enough Syrians to fight and destroy the Islamic State.    In both countries, in both Iraq and Syria, as territory is cleared of the Islamic State, local authorities who are trying to keep the electricity going, trying to keep hospitals operating, trying to keep the water going, are going to need help. The Islamic State operated these things. As Mike Morell just said, it acts as a state. When it is gone, services must be contained.    That will be a job for the U.S. State Department, its people in Turkey and in Jordan, and for the U.S. Agency for International Development. They will need resources to do that, and they are going to have to be able to move around despite the security risks.    Finally, if I may, one last word about North Africa. I served in Algeria as Ambassador, and I was also in Algeria in the mid-nineties during a horrible civil war there, where the Algerian Government had to confront a very nasty sort of pre-Al Qaeda insurgency.    I am watching what is happening in Libya with concern. Even if the Islamic State, which is capturing oil facilities, even if it can't sell oil the way the Islamic State affiliates in Iraq and Syria have done, they may be able to use the oil assets they have locally to generate revenues. They are an administration. They have an increasing ability to project military power out of their base at Sirte, and they have a safe haven space to organize, plan, and recruit. Just as the attack in Paris was organized in Syria, so they have space in Libya to do the same kind of thing.    It will be important, therefore, Mr. Chairman, to help a new Libyan Government and to help it control territory. And we will need to be ready to do that.    Thank you very much again for the invitation to address the committee, and I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you all. Much to think about and much to follow up on.    All committee members received notice that Mr. Smith and I agreed for the purpose of this hearing that, after the chairman and ranking member's questions, that members would be recognized in reverse order of seniority if you were here at the time of the gavel. Then we will proceed according to when you entered the room, as we normally do.    To get that started, I am going to yield my 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. MacArthur.    Dr. Vickers. So, first, their center of gravity is really their capital in Raqqah. That is where they administer their caliphate from. They draw a lot of power from Iraq's second-largest city, in Mosul, where they seized a lot of assets. Generally, the Sunni areas of western and northern Iraq and northeastern Syria is where they comprise, but Raqqah is really the center of gravity. And that is why I advocated a Syria-first strategy that really tries to take that on sooner rather than later.    The Iranian-Saudi competition is something that dates back to 1979. It has ebbed and flowed; it has intensified very dramatically. Probably even predates that, with the Shah, but certainly it intensified in 1979.    And, you know, from the Gulf Arab point of view, and particularly the Saudis, the Iranians, you know, have allies all around them, with Lebanese Hezbollah, with Syria, with their influence with the Government in Baghdad, and then in Yemen. And then they see a threat to their kingdom, as well. And so they see themselves fighting a multi-front war in this area and also against Sunni Islamic radicals.    Robert, I don't know if you want to add anything.    Ambassador Ford. I think Michael is exactly right, Congresswoman. Raqqah in Syria, the capital, and Mosul are the two centers of gravity physically, geographically. But the Islamic State's fighters have a saying, which is--I will translate it from Arabic. It is, ``We are surviving, and we are expanding.''    If they lose Raqqah and if they lose Mosul, they will still be there. Their predecessor organization, the mother organization, if you will, basically operated almost underground for a long time, for several years, in Iraq before it popped back out in both Syria and Iraq. And they have experience doing that, Congresswoman, and they will do it again.    That is why I was saying it is important to have indigenous forces who are staying and will keep it under control and grind it out of its holes little by little by little. I think grinding it out of its holes will take much longer than retaking Ramadi or retaking Raqqah or retaking Mosul.    I worry, frankly, that we do not yet have enough people, friendly indigenous fighters, in places like Ramadi, Anbar province, Diyala province to do that. I think right now the numbers that the administration is talking about are 30,000 Iraqis. I am not sure if 30,000 is going to be enough to secure that Syrian border and control those towns.    Dr. Vickers. So to put some numbers on it, if you compare--I think the best air campaign analogy to what we face in Iraq and Syria is Afghanistan, 2001-2002. And the number of strike sorties that we did a day in Afghanistan in 2001 is a factor of about eight above what we have done in Iraq and Syria. And then, furthermore, two-thirds of coalition efforts have really been against Iraq, not against Syria, where the more dangerous threat has existed.    So I think those are the two fundamental problems with the air campaign, that it has essentially been a fraction of what it should be in mass. And, you know, as we have shown since really 1990 but certainly through--when you start putting precision weapons on bombers, you can combine mass without sacrificing precision.    As Michael said, though, airpower alone is not enough, and Ambassador Ford as well. We have to have an indigenous ground force to exploit the effects. And, certainly, you know, if you want to deny a sanctuary sooner rather than later, just like in 2001, having some ground force that can exploit the effects of airpower makes a big difference. And there, U.S. advisers matter.    Dr. Vickers. Well, this is honestly an area where we have struggled since 9/11. You know, the Korea, Germany, Japan models are all good ones, but very, very different strategic context.    You know, as Michael mentioned, shifting to a security assistance model, an embassy-based presence where we lost our political influence, but, also, frankly, the Iraqis' work in progress and working out power-sharing I think has got us to where we are.    I think we require a long-term political and security commitment but not necessarily in large numbers, just in terms of enablers and advisers. Because, as Ambassador Ford said, even if you get a national unity government in Syria, you know, it is going to take time to make that government strong.    Dr. Vickers. Sure.    Dr. Vickers. Yeah, I agree with all that. And I don't think our interests are very well aligned with Russia. There is some commonality, but I don't think it is as much as some have said.    And I don't think we should be deterred, you know, from our objectives in Syria from the relatively modest Russian intervention. If you look at the few thousand troops and 36 aircraft and the number of strike sorties, you know, it is not the world's biggest combat power there.    And so there is a lot of Syria they can't control, and, you know, our policy will drive--you know, having had experience with the Russians in Afghanistan with a much, much bigger force, this is pretty small by comparison.    Dr. Vickers. Well, we have a unified three-star now, with General Sean McFarland, who is a very, very capable officer, who as a colonel led the operations in Ramadi in 2007.    You know, we don't go to war anymore with our combatant commands; we form a task force underneath them. So whether that is three-star or four-star is really a function of bureaucratic politics and the weight in the building--and I guess I am more agnostic--than picking the right three- or four-star that will get us to victory.    Dr. Vickers. And I would just enlarge the problem a bit more and say, you know, we are at a real turning point in our Nation's history if you look at the post-9/11 era and the Cold War, in the sense that we have three challenges in three critical regions--rise of China, resurging Russia, and then a Middle East in chaos--that are not amenable to short-term solutions in either case. You know, like the Cold War, you are going to be at these things for decades.    And so you have to come up with not only a strategy that allows you to contain the problem but eventually resolve it, but that is sustainable across administrations, much as our Cold War strategy was. I liken the current period that we are heading into now as like 1947 with new actors.    Ambassador Ford. Congressman, I take to heart what you said about the reticence of the American public to get involved in 2013. I remember that vividly. Now, however, we are flying daily combat missions in Syria and Iraq, so it is funny how things work out.    I have a couple of thoughts on the long term. I think the long term, especially in Syria, is going to take decades. Syria is now a completely failed state, and it is basically--what is left of the government is propped up by foreign militia, mainly out of Iraq, organized by Iran as well as Lebanese Hezbollah. Rebuilding all of that is going to take years and years.    And it should not be and it cannot be something that only Americans do. I think part of a political strategy is to get an agreement among all of the regional states, as well as Russia and China, to stop promoting individual clients that in turn then degrade the ability of the central state to operate. And we have seen that historically in Iraq. We have seen it in Lebanon. We certainly see it in Syria. We see it in Libya, where different regional countries are taking different sides. That is one part.    Second part is, reconstruction should not be an American responsibility solely, but I don't think any country can lead an international effort to rebuild in places like Syria or Libya better than the United States. We have the diplomatic tact. But that means bringing a lot of regional states to the table. It means bringing organizations like the World Bank to the table, as well.    And then, finally, as I mentioned before, there has to be an effort to get local services running. This was always a big problem in Iraq, as I am sure Congressman Moulton will remember, getting things like electricity and water. It is not that USAID has to go in and do all of that, but there may be areas where we can help local people. Syria has a lot of engineers, Syria has a lot of planners, but they may be able to use help in some of the planning. And so that is a third thing for the United States to do.    Dr. Vickers. Well, you mentioned the major contributions. You know, again, Turkish policy primarily puts the defeat of Assad ahead--or sees them intertwined, certainly, in a major way. And that is one area where we have had some disagreement.    Ambassador Ford. Congressman, I think that one thing--two things the Turks can do.    Number one, as I said, they can put more manpower down on that border and shut the last smuggling trail.    The second thing that they can do is increase their assistance to Syrian rebel groups that are, themselves, fighting the Islamic State right now--for example, north of Aleppo, where there is quite a dogfight going on between the Islamic State on one side and moderate Syrian rebel forces, called the Marea Front, on the other side.    The Americans could actually help the Turks in that effort by directing some of our air strikes against Islamic State in coordination with those Syrian rebels that the Turks are trying to help.    Dr. Vickers. So, first, as an Alabama grad, let me say ``Roll Tide'' back at you.    Dr. Vickers. So I tried to outline some of them, with respect to Syria and then the global jihad and then the broader competition between regional powers in the Middle East. But, again, these things will take time. You know, it is a question of reducing our risk, denying the sanctuary.    But these operations--you know, if you think of it as a series of campaigns that eventually lead to a winning strategy that eventually lets you win the war, winning the war is going to take an awful long time until you get governance in the Middle East.    And so then you have to think of it in terms of a Syria campaign, Iraq campaign, campaign against the global jihadists in Libya and elsewhere to make sure, you know, you are progressively defeating them while you, you know, accelerate efforts in some areas. But, again, the problem is just too big for a single knockout blow.    Robert.    Ambassador Ford. I think the biggest problem with our Syria policy is we have a strategy, which is to get to a new national unity government, but we have no tactics to get there. It is like a hope. It is a wish. And it has been a wish since 2012, but we are not getting any closer, frankly. As I mentioned before, the Russian intervention probably pushes it even further back.    So, to me, the fundamentals of the strategy are: We want an indigenous force in Syria, and in Iraq, able to eventually grind out, eliminate the Islamic State and other extremists. I take the Congressman's point that Al Qaeda is still there.    In order to do that, you have to have governments that basically promote national reconciliation on some level. I think we are seeing that emerge in Iraq. We are nowhere near it in Syria.    And I think if the press reports of what I read of what General Petraeus said to the committee last week are accurate, I subscribe fully to the sorts of things that he was talking about, in terms of putting pressure on in order to get to a serious negotiation. So far, the administration has declined to do that.    Dr. Vickers. So I will start.    I think the most immediate thing we can do in the near term is to take away their narrative that they are on the path to victory. As we were talking about earlier with Congresswoman Sanchez, it really is this caliphate on the path to end times that I think is our most promising opportunity.    It won't end the war, it won't destroy their ideology, but it will certainly put a big dent in it, much as you saw right after 9/11 when Al Qaeda was expelled from Afghanistan. You know, Al Qaeda's stock went down in terms of public opinion in the Islamic world for a while. You know, they were seen as suddenly a loser rather than a winner.    Dr. Vickers. Yeah, I agree with that. And if you look at our counterterrorism campaigns where we have had a lot of success, that approach has worked generally well, where we have really built up our assets over time, from Afghanistan and on into the Pakistan tribal areas, et cetera. It has paid big dividends, and then it started to pay in Yemen, as well, and, you know, we are trying to close the gap in Syria.    As far as the outlines of the strategy, the military side, I think, again, more intense going after ISIS as a state. You have to take that state down for political reasons, but, also, that is one thing our military really knows how to do. And then to exploit the effects of that, you have to have an indigenous ground force.    Dr. Vickers. I agree with you. I think, you know, our role should be limited to being advisers, one, for the reasons that Robert talked about, about national reconciliation and the rebuilding task, which is really the hard task afterwards. And if we try to do that, one, we will fail, but, two, we will subject ourselves to a lot of unnecessary pain.    Dr. Vickers. Thank you.    So, yes, I am arguing for a more intense air campaign, much like we did in Afghanistan in 2001. And, as you said, that didn't end the war. That just eliminated Al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan and, you know, toppled the Taliban regime, you know, and the Taliban lived to fight another day, and Al Qaeda fled somewhere else.    Dr. Vickers. Yeah. So, you know, all sorts of things.    But one of the things you see in these campaigns is that--collateral damage is, obviously, a critical concern. It does not go up linearly with the intensity of strike, mainly by the way we operate.    So if you look at areas where we have had more relaxed rules of engagements in our counterterrorism campaigns and we have done more strikes, we have had more liberal policy, versus others where we have been more restrained, you know, you occasionally make mistakes, and so you have that 1 percent where, no matter how hard you try, you are not perfect, but there is not this correlation by a factor of 10.    And that was true--now, again, you know, war zones are different from areas outside of hostilities. But, you know, we are in generally a precision world right now, and so I think that you can responsibly intensify the air campaign.    Because, as you said, if you do have collateral damage, you will defeat your purpose. You know, you will turn more people against you and everything else. And so that is just driven into our operations right now.    I don't know if my colleagues want to address that.    Dr. Vickers. I want to say it is about 8 to 10, something like that.    Dr. Vickers. There is Nigeria, Algeria, Libya, the Sinai----    Dr. Vickers. They call them provinces.    Dr. Vickers. There is always next year.    Dr. Vickers. Yeah. That was a great game.    The Chairman. Ms. Gabbard.    Dr. Vickers. So, one, I think--I generally agree, but I think you need to draw a distinction between the external plotting arm of al-Nusrah, whether they call them Khorasan Group or Al Qaeda veterans. A number of those attacks, which began in September 2014, have continued as those targets have been developed. I think Sanafi al-Nasr or somebody--you know, there have been--David Drugeon--I mean, there were a series of them over the past year, I would say.    Al-Nusrah proper, which is, I don't know, some 6,000, 9,000 troops or so, but they are spread across the country. I would agree that a lot of the foot soldiers have done tactical alliances with other parts of the opposition and have not been targeted in the same way. Partially, I think it is an intelligence issue, and, you know, the big focus has really been on these external plotters, I believe.    Dr. Vickers. I have.    Dr. Vickers. I would.    Dr. Vickers. Yes. I think, you know, all the aspects of state power that ISIL has need to be targeted. And I think there actually is some intensification in that area recently.    Now, you know, you would like to destroy as much as possible their field army, but they are not making themselves as visible.    Dr. Vickers. Yeah, I would say they draw inspiration, in a perverted sense. But, yes, I would say--Robert may want to elaborate on that, but the two big global jihadists are Al Qaeda and ISIL.    Dr. Vickers. Yes.    Dr. Vickers. Yes.    Dr. Vickers. Correct.    Dr. Vickers. Yes, correct.    Dr. Vickers. Do you want to----    Ambassador Ford. The Saudis are riding a tiger.    Dr. Vickers. Well, there is support for the campaign in Yemen, but the arms sales that occur periodically are in the billions of dollars.    Dr. Vickers. So I think the Iraqi Army did make improvements in the last year, as the Ramadi campaign shows, but, as you said, there is still a heavy reliance on the elite forces of the counterterrorism service and its subordinate elements.    And then Mosul is a--I mean, one, to take an area, to clear an area, is the first part of the problem, as you know from your own experience----    Mr. Vickers . Then you have to hold it.    Dr. Vickers. And so the problems will multiply there. And then Mosul is, you know, a factor of five, at least, more complicated than Ramadi.    Dr. Vickers. Yeah, that is my understanding too. You know, as Sinjar and some of the other areas on the direct supply routes have been cut, they have been forced to go around, which, you know, adds time and difficulty, but it doesn't eliminate it.    Dr. Vickers. So I don't know where that outside-Syria Sunni ground force would come from. Most of those countries do not have large ground forces, and they are engaged already. So the UAE and Saudi Arabia really are engaged in Yemen in defense of their own territory. You know, the Turks are the ones who have significant manpower. But I think for practical political reasons, you know, our best option for a Sunni ground force in Syria is with Syrians, not with outside forces.    Dr. Vickers. No, I agree. And, you know, I think Russia's power to really escalate is somewhat limited. And you see strains right now in Iran and Hezbollah, but I think the two of them could actually probably do more, and they probably would, before they, you know, give up on this regime that has been so great to them for three decades.