    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, first I'd like to join the chorus of voices heaping praise on Ms. Pallante and her office. Thank you for your leadership, your thoughtful, very thoughtful, analysis of these issues and the tireless efforts that you and your staff put in in really strengthening the intellectual property of our country. We appreciate it.    I want to follow up on this issue of independence, and the understanding that I have that a lot of us I think have come to conclude, certainly from today, that the Register would be in a better position--significantly better position if it gained more independence through Copyright Office modernization, which I think is one thing where there's broad agreement and I hope that we move forward on.    But following up on this issue, when you were here with us last, you somewhat reluctantly discussed the challenges created by the fact that the Copyright Office is forced to rely on technical infrastructure at the Library of Congress, including its network servers, telecommunications and security operations, in spite of the vastly different mandates that the Library and the Copyright Office have. And you touched on that a bit here today.    It seems to me like your inclusion under the umbrella of the Library of Congress, however well intentioned, is hampering the work that you do beyond simple technical challenges. It's not just about the technical issues. And I'm sure that--and I acknowledge that your response has been somewhat limited here today, but I will simply say on your behalf, if I may, that it's hard to see how the Copyright Office can rise to the many challenges of the 21st century work that you do without dramatically more independence and dramatically more flexibility. I would just make that point.    I also wanted to follow up on Mr. Trott's last point. One of the primary recommendations of your recent music licensing study is that Congress should adopt a uniform market-based rate setting a standard for all government rates, and I agree with that. And when the Music First Coalition showed me this graphic that we're about to hold up that depicts the current system for the various forms of radio, it solidified for me how unnecessarily complex and, in fact, as you've just pointed out, how unfair the current system is. You spoke about the--I mean, your words, that it's indefensible that we don't pay creators when songs are played on the radio. I wholeheartedly agree with that.    Do you agree that all forms of radio should be governed by the same fair-market-value rate standard?    Mr. Deutch. Great. And, Mr. Chairman, I'd like to submit for the record a considerably smaller version of this graphic that I presented.    Mr. Deutch. Thank you.    And, Ms. Pallante, when you appeared before the Committee in March of 2013, you and I had an exchange about how to keep the copyright review effort timely and relevant, and you said at the time that although we love the trade associations that visit us on a daily basis----    Mr. Deutch . As we all do, getting around them, as you said then, sometimes in getting to other kinds of creators would really by instructional. So, you said, I would also probably recommend that if we were to have roundtables, that we get of Washington a little bit, go somewhere where people make from a living from writing songs at their kitchen table.    I wonder if you've had an opportunity to follow through on that and meet with real working creators outside of Washington.    Mr. Deutch. And, ultimately, as we go about our work here, it is that commitment to their craft, the discipline that they exercise, that not only wants them to be compensated, but I think requires us to fairly compensate them, ensure that they are fairly compensated for the work that they do.    Mr. Deutch. Thanks, Miss, Pallante. I yield back.