    Mr. Conner. Thank you, Chairman Shuster. Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, members of the committee, thank you for this opportunity to provide Boeing's perspective as you begin the process of developing legislation to reauthorize the Federal Aviation Administration. I am Ray Conner, president and chief executive officer of Boeing Commercial Airplanes. It is an honor to be here to represent 80,000 Boeing Commercial Airplane employees and the world's largest commercial airplane manufacturer.    Mr. Chairman, I have longer remarks that, with your permission, I would like to submit for the record. My remarks this morning focus on the FAA's ongoing effort with the support of Congress to modernize the airplane certification process. They also address the importance of continuing this effort to both aviation safety and American aerospace competitiveness. Before I address that important topic, I want to make a couple general observations about the industry's shared commitment to safety.    Any discussion of U.S. aviation regulation should begin with this very important fact: Travel on a large commercial jet is the safest form of transportation in human history. More than 8 million people board airplanes daily and arrive safely at their destinations. While there have been some high-profile air tragedies of late, flying today is several orders of magnitude safer than it was 50 years ago.    In the U.S.A. today, a fatal accident occurs less than 1 out of every 45 million flights. This is an extraordinary safety record. It is a great accomplishment for the aviation industry and its regulators, and we have a shared commitment, one that is deeply embedded in the culture of our company to continue to improve. The FAA's regulatory system and oversight efforts have, of course, been critical pillars of modern aviation's extraordinary safety record. The FAA certifies all Boeing's airplane designs, our production system, and each airplane that comes off our production lines in Washington State and South Carolina.    The FAA's regulatory approach has necessarily adapted over time in an effort to ensure that its resources are deployed where they can most effectively contribute to safety in a rapidly growing and technologically complex industry. The FAA will need to draw upon this tradition of robust and efficient risk-based oversight in the decades ahead as air travel continues to grow.    The last 5 years have been a great example of how Boeing and our industry are expanding. Since 2010, we have increased our production in our factories by 56 percent to meet the strong demand for our products. In 2014, we delivered 723 airplanes to our customers, and we have announced further rate increases in our production, and we expect growth in our industry will continue due to rising demand here and abroad.    To stay ahead of the competition, Boeing will bring several new products to market in the next few years. They include the 787-10, the 737 MAX family, and the 777X. Each of these new airplanes will further improve fuel efficiency and provide other benefits to our customers and the flying public.    The introduction of each airplane will also improve aviation safety as newer and safer airplanes, with enhanced safety technologies, replace older airplanes in the fleet. Of course, each airplane will have to be certified by the FAA, and the large volume of this work poses a significant challenge for the agency. To meet the challenge, the FAA will need to continue its work to modernize its certification process. This will ensure it is making optimal risk-based decisions to deploy its resources in a way that maximize safety benefit and that simultaneously enable industry to efficiently introduce new, safe, and compliant products.    One of the important tools that the FAA has at its disposal is Organization Designation Authorization, or ODA. My written statement includes detailed information about ODA. The point I want to stress here is that ODA has served the FAA, our industry, and most importantly, the flying public very well.    Mr. Chairman, it was gratifying to see the committee recognize the value and the importance of ODA in section 312 in the last FAA reauthorization bill. As you know, this provision directed the FAA to consult with the industry to determine ways to enhance the effective use of delegation, and to consider process reforms and improvements to the certification process. The FAA has made progress since the last reauthorization, and I am grateful for the agency's leadership in driving those improvements.    As I mentioned in my written testimony, there are three areas where Congress could continue to support these efforts: Accelerating the full use of ODA authority, developing and training the FAA workforce, and increasing international harmonization and certification standards.    Mr. Chairman, I really appreciate the committee's support of the FAA's efforts to modernize the certification activities, and with the leadership of Administrator Huerta and the Members of Congress, I am confident that together we will tackle the challenges I have described, and I want to just thank everyone for the opportunity to be here today, and I am glad to answer any questions that you might have.    Mr. Conner. Yeah. Well, delegation has been around for quite some time, as you know; we have been granted full delegation authority, and what we are trying to do now is just to continue to use it to the largest extent possible. I think, for the most part, we have made great strides in that respect. We have a tremendous number of people that are qualified now by the FAA to do this. We are making strides, but still there are places where we should be moving to more of the risk-based, systems-type approach to these kinds of things where we are focusing our efforts on those areas of true safety concern and technology improvements where the FAA can use those resources and those talents to be able to do that. A little bit too often we are spending more time on areas where we could be the ones that are doing that kind of work.    Mr. Conner. Yeah, we have a--we have an organization that is--a delegated organization that really is, in essence, the arm of the FAA within The Boeing Company. They are----    Mr. Conner. They work for us.    Mr. Conner. They are certified.    Mr. Conner. They are certified and they are approved by the FAA to basically take on that effort, and they take that job very, very seriously, and so we have a large organization that does that already today on areas that are maybe of lesser, you know, safety issues, and you know, interiors and those kinds of things, we spend a lot of time with that.    What we would like to do is move more to the risk-based systems approach, or systems engineering is really the larger piece of this where the FAA spends its time so we can then spend our time with our resources that are highly technically capable and are approved by the FAA. Each individual is approved by the FAA to do that kind of work.    Mr. Conner. It is completely----    Mr. Conner. It is completely under The Boeing Company's responsibility----    Mr. Conner . In terms of pay and those kinds of things, but they are viewed as----    Mr. Conner . Essentially within our company, as an arm of the FAA.    Mr. Conner. Yes. Thank you. I think from the standpoint of harmonization with respect to the regulations, I think that there has been a lot of work, really solid work that has been done, where the tendency to be a little bit different is maybe in interpretation of those, of those regulations. And clearly, the Europeans and EASA have taken a far greater approach to delegation than maybe what we have been able to do here with the--in the United States.    But I do believe that the FAA has done a very solid job of harmonizing, particularly with Europeans, around harmonization. Now, as the Chinese start to come into this world, then that is going to be another area that we have got to continue to focus on and are continuing around the entire world as we move forward.    Mr. Conner. OK. I would love to spend some time with you on that.    Mr. Conner. Well, excuse me. Obviously, I think that we are--we are moving in the right direction. Are we moving fast enough? I think we could do a better the job on some of the things that we are currently involved with. You know, we have 1,000 people that are part of our ODA organization, and we have a tremendous amount of capability. I think it is time that we move to really risk-based approach to this systems engineering, allow us to do the detail engineering and those kinds of things.    Where we sometimes come apart is a little bit on the interpretation of some of the requirements, and we should have a vehicle in which we can deal with that, but, you know, we are--we are working towards it. Are we working fast enough? It is about speed. It is about efficiency and those kinds of things. And with the level of certification that we are going to have coming towards us, in addition to the amount of work that we are having with delivering 723 airplanes, we are going to be doing 4 million hours of engineering over the course of the next few years just on existing programs. That is not to say on these new development programs.    So there is a tremendous amount of work in order for us to continue to deliver airplanes that I think that we could do more of the--of the work that maybe that the FAA is doing today.    Mr. Conner. Well, the certification process is one of the key pieces of what we do in terms of getting a new--particularly new products to market. The 787 went through the most extensive certification and approval process in the history of aviation. Tremendous amount of work there. Where I think that we can spend and be better equipped to compete is again around this delegation piece of this thing.    The EASA is more--is working more towards delegation, allowing the manufacturer to do some more of the nonrisk type of items. Going towards a risk-based approach where the FAA is truly involved in the oversight of those highly critical systems, going to a systems engineering approach, maybe changing the workforce in little ways in terms of the--having systems engineering as part of that is, I think, more of the critical pieces here so we can--we can take on some of the more standard things that are common to every one of our airplanes, and they can be focused on those new technologies where--where the risk-based approach can be really utilized to the high--its fullest extent.    Mr. Conner. Well, I think it is dealing with--not standards. It is dealing with different interpretations at times. I think that, we need to be clear. I think the FAA has done a very good job of harmonizing those requirements with the international regulatory authorities.    The area where I think that we can be more effective is in terms of utilizing the delegation that has already been approved to the extent possible. We spend a lot of time in an effort in some of these areas where I think that our delegation could be utilized to a greater extent, and then the utilization of the FAA resources on those more critical areas.    So does it inhibit our ability? It makes things more complicated sometimes. At the very last minute when we are trying to deliver an aircraft, that can become an issue for us. It becomes an issue for us with our customer, can become an issue with us in terms of having to churn our production system a bit to make that happen. I just--I think that this is a place where we can move to the more risk-based approach, and I think that would be in the best interest of the industry, it is in the best interest of the utilization of the resources that the FAA has in their arsenal there.    Mr. Conner. Yeah, but typically the mechanics in the airlines have an authority of which to go fix those kinds of issues. They are not necessarily--I mean, that is within the framework of the airlines, and I probably am not in the best position to be able to answer that, but that is more of an airline maintenance-type of approach to things, and these are things that typically come up every time. They have their own certification process, too, for their mechanics and those kinds of things.    Mr. Conner. It is hard for me to say. I would----    Mr. Conner. Well, the airlines----    Mr. Conner. The airlines have theirs and then we have ours----    Mr. Conner . As the manufacturer, yeah.    Mr. Conner. Well, I mean, that would be something that the FAA would probably be in a better position to be able to--but they have the people today that are able to do that. We are--we have people today that are delegated, trained, approved, like I said, 1,000 people are delegated and approved within The Boeing Company's ODA organization that can do--can approve design, approve installation on behalf of the FAA.    Mr. Conner. At the FAA, yeah.    Mr. Conner. Yeah.    Mr. Conner. Yeah. Well, we have ours. I think utilizing it to the fullest extent we possibly can in the right areas where there is not the highest risk areas with respect to the airplane itself, that is where we can become--be utilized so they don't have to use their resources unnecessarily. They can retrain or hire new people that are more systems engineering based that can be--provide oversight to those high-risk, you know, flight critical areas as opposed to maybe in some of the areas that we are more capable of and have more detail capabilities around.    Mr. Conner. Well, OK. First of all, I want to just drop back. You know, we talk about workforce training and development, and it is very important that we have the right skills not only within the FAA, but also within The Boeing Company to do these types of things. Systems engineering is very critical in this approach. Risk-based is about those flight critical pieces of the airplane, elements of the airplanes. Where maybe----    Mr. Conner. All right. Thank you. I didn't want to shout.    Mr. Conner. OK. Where we can probably spend more of our time is on interiors' certifications, seats, lavatories, galleys, those kinds of things. We spend an awful lot of time in these areas, and this is where our customers, our airline customers want to differentiate themselves against their competition, and that is where we can spend more of our efforts whereby allowing us to take that----    Mr. Conner. Well, I want more responsibility----    Mr. Conner . In the right areas. This is where I want to make sure that I make myself very clear. We are not looking to eliminate. We are looking to make sure that we are working with the FAA on the right things and we are taking the right approach to these things.    Mr. Conner. Yeah.    Mr. Conner. Well, the FAA works with EASA, and then they come back and they validate the certification of which EASA has done on their--on the Airbus aircraft. What we do know is that the Airbus utilizes delegation to a further extent than probably we do. To what extent exactly, I couldn't speak to that. I think maybe the FAA could have a better feel for that, but we do know that their delegation, they have taken advantage of a greater portion of the delegation in areas such as interiors, in areas such as the things I just spoke about.    Mr. Conner. Well, if we have to spend a lot of time in redoing or if the FAA is coming back and redoing some of the things that we have already done, then that--I think it is just not a great utilization of either one of our resources.    Mr. Conner. That is probably better--it is not nearly as efficient as it could be, and that then causes disruption within our production system, it causes disruption into the value stream of our suppliers, and it causes disruption to our customers as well.    Mr. Conner. I mean, I don't know. Well, that is--I mean, every one----    Mr. Conner. Look, we go through a certification process of not only the production system, which includes the supply chain, but every part ultimately that is part of a design because the FAA certifies our design, and every single part then has to be certified.    Mr. Conner. Yeah.    Mr. Conner. It could, depending on what we do with technology.    Mr. Conner. Yes.    Mr. Conner. Yes, yes.    Mr. Conner. No.    Mr. Conner. What type of system have you--when I talk about the production system: Are the quality inspections appropriate? Have you followed the intent of the planning documents and the engineering intent of what we put into the design? Those are all the same things that are a part of this certification process.    Mr. Conner. Yes.    Mr. Conner. We do an awful lot of that work ourselves, and then the FAA comes in and certifies our production system, and they do audits to verify those types of things, and we do audits ourselves, and we are--and it is a constant--it is kind of a--the production system is constantly being evaluated and audited.    Mr. Conner. Uh-huh.    Mr. Conner. Well, I think the one place I would want to emphasize is the systems engineering piece of this thing as being a critical part to start to move towards as opposed to detailed design type of activity. That is where we--that is where we can be very helpful in that respect because we have the detail design capability and analysis and those kinds of things. Where they can become at a higher level and be looking at it more from a systems approach to that.    Systems engineering, I think, is one of the areas that will be an important piece of the workforce training for the FAA.    Mr. Conner. Correct.    Mr. Conner. Uh-huh.    Mr. Conner. No, no, we deal with that part as well. We go in and we establish the production system. The FAA comes in and--which includes our supply base, and they come in and validate that as well through their audit process.    Mr. Conner. Those are just examples, yes, yeah, correct.    Mr. Conner. We spend a lot of time in these areas to certify the airplanes, particularly the airplanes that we are delivering today. Maybe not nearly--not as much on the new development projects, but particularly in the areas that we are delivering today, yes, we do spend a lot of time in that.    Mr. Conner. And engineers, yes.    Mr. Conner. Yeah. Well, yes, we have.    Mr. Conner. Look, I think that--I want to make this clear is that we are working very closely with the FAA to move in this direction. What we would like to do is take advantage of the--or utilize the level of authorization that we do have from an ODA perspective so we can better utilize the resources that we have and better utilize the resources that the FAA has.    Mr. Conner. Well, I mean, we--for now, it is more anecdotal, but I can tell you that we spend an awful lot of time, so like we haven't necessarily--I don't have the data right in front of me, but it is something that we could probably compile over the course of time here, but I would just say that it is an inordinate amount of time spent sometimes on seat certifications, on interior certifications, on lavatory, galleys, these kinds of things, so I think that we have the capability to do a very good job.    We are highly trained in these areas. These are things we deal with every single day, and we have a full ongoing commitment. Our reputation as a company, as an industry, is built on safety, and I can tell you it is the top priority of every single individual within our company, and we are constantly working to improve the safety of our products, and we get that feedback every day from operations, from our customers, from our suppliers, and we work to enhance that constantly.    Mr. Conner. No, it is not, and it is getting more difficult all the time. Our competitor is extremely aggressive in the marketplace, and they are very much focused on being the number one manufacturer in the world, and that would be Airbus and then with the advent of the Chinese, they are going to be coming as well.    Mr. Conner. Well, I think the most important thing here----    Mr. Conner. Yeah. Well, the most important thing is to continue to drive efficiency, speed, in the areas that are appropriate without compromising safety at any single level. Sometimes I think we are duplicating efforts, and that is where we want to move away from and allow the FAA to really focus on those things that are most critical to the safety of flight of our aircraft.    Mr. Conner. Thank you.    Mr. Conner. Yes.    Mr. Conner. Yeah.    Mr. Conner. Correct.    Mr. Conner. Yeah.    Mr. Conner. OK. Thank you. I appreciate the question. I can tell you, it is a very stringent process in which we go through to achieve delegated authority, both on a companywide basis and on an individual basis, and it is constantly evaluated over again and over again.    Mr. Conner. I would have to ask for help on that, but----    Mr. Conner. I can tell you, we are audited on a production system and on a design basis at least once a year, and it goes to our supply base--it goes not only to us. It goes to the supply base. It goes to all our facilities. The FAA is--in terms of auditing, they are quite often.    Mr. Conner. No. We were impacted by sequestration. We were not able to deliver airplanes on time because we were not able to get appropriate FAA inspectors to come in at certain times. They were limited in terms of their overtime capabilities. They were limited in terms of their ability to support in terms of certain critical inspection processes that come with the delivery of an airplane. So there were impacts from the standpoint of being able to deliver airplanes. Now----    Mr. Conner. Well, the audits take place, detailed, formal audits take place every 2 years. And then we do constant informal audits as the years--as time----    Mr. Conner. Yeah. Well, that is the requirement.    Mr. Conner. Noise.    Mr. Conner. Uh-huh.    Mr. Conner. With each new airplane we bring to market, we are required to satisfy certain noise levels. And those noise levels get more stringent with each new airplane we introduce. And so, yes, I would say that we are complying to those strict standards.    Mr. Conner. Yes, absolutely.    Mr. Conner. Yeah.    Mr. Conner. You know, I think it would be inappropriate for me to comment on those because they are still under investigation. We really don't know at this particular point in time. Once we do know, then we will be able to make----    Mr. Conner. If they are certified, yes, they are.    Mr. Conner. OK. I will keep that in mind.    Mr. Conner. Well, you know, I want to stress here too that we have worked very well with the FAA on moving towards this delegation, and I think the leadership of Administrator Huerta, his staff, I think we are moving in a positive direction. The degree of which we move and the speed of which we move are areas where I think that we could improve on.    As I said, the areas of interior certification, whereby our customers want to have more control over how they differentiate themselves, but still staying within the requirements of the engineering design and the intent of the design and those kind of things, we have a lot of capability in these areas. These are areas where I think that the FAA could move a little bit more toward us doing more of the delegation--areas of galleys, areas of laboratories, areas of seats, areas of side walls, overall interior certification.    These are things that we do all the time, and I think that we spend--there is duplication of effort, and that is where we could then utilize their resources to work on some of the more critical items and use our resources to work on those because what we have today is both working in the same direction. But I do want to emphasize that we have worked very well in moving towards this. It is now--we are just getting to these points of the speed at which we move and the degree of which we move.    Mr. Conner. Utilization of the ODA. And one of the critical things is getting the workforce trained in a different way, in more of the systems engineering type approach. Now, this will take time. It is a cultural change, moving away from maybe some of the more detailed design effort, which we do and which we are approved to do and which we have an ODA delegation that would allow us to approve those things, but moving, again, toward more of that risk-based oversight, utilizing systems engineering type approach. So this will require some transition on the FAA's part from the standpoint of training and some of those other things.    Mr. Conner. Yes.    Mr. Conner. Yes.    Mr. Conner. Yeah. I think that is a very good point. There was one, you know, we had the battery incident a couple years ago, and this is one where we complied with all the requirements that were known at the time. Everything was certificated. Most extensive certification ever. When we had the incidents, we drew on that outside expertise, from the automobile manufacturers, from different places. I think where we move, as we move to new technologies that are maybe being utilized in other areas, this is where we, as a community, FAA and ourselves, can draw on some of that industry knowledge to help us in terms of how we move forward and apply those to the aircraft.    Mr. Conner. We all are.    Mr. Conner. No.    Mr. Conner. No.    Mr. Conner. Well, we are authorized. We have delegated people. These people are essentially the arm of the FAA. Although they are paid by us, they are within our organization, they are approved individually by the FAA. They carry the FAA authority, in essence. And we take that very, very seriously. Each individual takes that very, very seriously.    And I would say, when you get on an airplane, just know that the safety of that aircraft is the number one priority not only for everyone in our organization, but it is the priority of the FAA, and any other people involved in building or certifying the airplane.    But I can tell you, I am not saying our people have those capabilities as well. We are just saying in those areas where we have that capability, we have that strength, that are less flight-critical, that is where we could be utilizing those capabilities to a greater extent.    Mr. Conner. But that is not going to--I mean, sure. That happens, yes.    Mr. Conner. More efficient ways.    Mr. Conner. No, I think we have enough resources. Between the FAA and ourselves, we have enough resources to make this happen. It is how we utilize those resources in the most effective way possible so we can ensure that we maintain a safe and compliant product while still being efficient enough to be able to compete in the highly competitive aerospace industry.    Mr. Conner. Well, the FAA comes back in and--at any moment, they could come back in and evaluate that to make sure that we are doing exactly what we said we would do. And we are required through the ODA process on the individual basis to make sure that they are. Every 2 years, they come in and they audit our entire production system, which includes that.    Mr. Conner. Take off the list in terms of their----    Mr. Conner. Well, I would certainly, as I said, the interior aspect of the airplane, these are places where we could do more of the work, OK. These are things. Systems, how the systems interact with each other, how they interact in terms of flight, those kinds of things. When I say ``systems,'' you know, it is about engines, it is about the flight controls. Those are the areas where I think that the FAA, from a risk-based--those are high-risk or risk areas in terms of flight that they could spend more of that energy in those areas and do them on a systems risk-based oversight basis.    Mr. Conner. I think they are.    Mr. Conner. Chairman Shuster, our entire representation, our ability to sell, our ability to operate is built----    Mr. Conner. We are a 100-year-old company, and for us to maintain that reputation that we built over the course of time is completely dependent on the ability to deliver and operate safe airplanes.    Mr. Conner. That is the number one priority of every individual within the company, and if we ever find anyone deviating from that, they are immediately dismissed.    Mr. Conner. Well, I think the regulations as they stand are, you know, I think it would be out of my experience to talk about, you know, what we should do with reform and such. But we have a good set of regulations. How we apply those regulations, how we manage those regulations, those are the things I think that we, as the company in working with the regulator, can spend more time.    I mean, beyond interiors, there is a number of different places where compliance is well known, well understood. We have done these things over and over again as an industry where we could take some of that, you know, relieve some of that burden from the FAA as well. I think this is more about taking what is there and applying it in a most efficient way so that both the FAA and industry can work in the most efficient way possible.    Mr. Conner. It is a little bit of both, actually. I think that we can move a little quicker in the development aspect of things. That is typically, you know, developments in 5, 4 years type from start to finish with a new airplane. On an existing airplane, that varies depending on the airplane type in terms of start to finish, but where we could be more efficient, it is just about efficient and how we bring those airplanes actually into the hands of our customers. That is really where I think that things could be much better for us.    Mr. Conner. Well, when they go to pick up an airplane, then they typically would walk the airplane. They will buy off on the airplane, saying it meets their requirements. They will fly it and make sure that everything is to what they expect it to be. They will walk the interior to make sure that it is everything they expect it to be. A lot of situations, we have airline inspectors within our factories watching the airplane as it is built and approving in different stages of the build process.    Mr. Conner. Yes. Well, they are beginning the process and starting to manufacture, yes. They haven't delivered yet, but----    Mr. Conner. Sure.    Mr. Conner. Yes.    Mr. Conner. And the FAA goes, with our airplanes, to be able to get certified in China or any other country, we work with their regulatory agency to get our airplanes certified as well.    Mr. Conner. Well, I think one of the things that we want to--as part of this process, it is very important that we maintain the FAA as the gold standard in the world. And, therefore, having a presence in the international arena is very important. Supporting them, being in countries, working with the other countries, having people there, for instance, in China, some of these other places, where they can create influence, where they can actually do some things, working more closely and supporting them, being in different places around the world so they can make those kinds of things; that is very important as a world leader to be visible and active. And we support that fully.    We believe that the FAA should be the leading regulatory agency in the world. And there are agencies around the world, EASA and I would imagine that the Chinese would want to move in this direction too--they want to be the leader, and they are going to push the envelope to make sure that they are. So, from a regulatory standpoint, we are in a competition too.    Mr. Conner. Yes. Well, do I see our business growing? Yes. We have committed to higher production rates in the next few years. There are 36,000 airplanes in demand over the next 20 years. About a third of those are already in the backlogs between ourselves and our competitors. But I do believe the next few years will determine market leadership for many years to come, so we are in a very highly competitive market as we stand today. One of the reasons why we are bringing these new airplanes to market is so they can compete better.    With respect to ODA, we are making progress in terms of the extent at which we utilize it. Are we moving with the speed that we would like? I think we are working very diligently to work with the FAA to make that a reality. What we would like to see happen is just continue to push forward and make it a reality and utilize what has already been approved in terms of the authorization for delegation.    Mr. Conner. Thank you.    Mr. Conner. I do too, but that is OK. For other reasons.