    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to Ranking Member Green.    Not to be argumentative, but the Secretary was mayor of San Antonio, the second-largest city in Texas. I was mayor of the largest city in the State of Missouri. And it is virtually impossible for a mayor of one of the major cities not to deal with affordable housing almost on a daily basis. And it would be rare, maybe nonexistent, that a mayor of one of, say, the top 50 cities in the country would not--maybe top 75--deal with affordable housing, including probably some of the smaller cities.    But my question goes to the disagreement, Mr. Montoya, between the IG's office and HUD's, not in terms of the overall reported wrongdoing, but rather, I think, on some key points that I would like to get into a little deeper. Your report suggests that HUD paid the IPA a full salary and that is a violation, whereas HUD says that there is no mandate by OPM that there should be cost-sharing. OPM does not demand or require cost-sharing. Is that correct?    Mr. Cleaver. I want to go in this direction. Do you think that there is a need for greater clarity in what happens when we have this transfer of personnel to another Department as to the payment of the salary? Does your report at least imply that there should be clarity, or are you saying there is clarity?    Mr. Cleaver. And I think that may be something that this committee needs to deal with. And my second and final point that deals with some disagreement is the fact that HUD suggests that based on the advice of the General Counsel, Ms. Gross was not required to submit disclosures or attend the ethics training. Is that correct?    Mr. Cleaver. Do you disagree that the General Counsel said that this was not required?    Mr. Cleaver. So, there is a disagreement between the General Counsel and the IG?    Mr. Cleaver. Okay. So the point I am trying to make, and perhaps poorly, is that there seems to be a number of points that are not clear. And so the agency is now getting tagged with being--having major ethical lapses on some issues that are not clear. Now, I am not defending anything, any wrongdoing. But I am saying that it might not be in the best interest of the Federal Government, at a time when there are folks who are preaching and pushing distrust in the government of their own country. And so, do you agree that we need to clear up at least these two points?    Mr. Cleaver. I agree, that was wrong. We cannot ever support wrongdoing. That was wrong. But if the General Counsel says that it is not required to submit disclosures--and I am getting ready to deal with the IPA--what do I do?    I didn't go to law school and--thank you, Mr. Chairman.