    Ms. GRAY. Good morning. My name is Cassie Gray, and I am the owner of Clementine, a handcrafted jewelry business. Thank you, Chairwoman Radewagen, and Ranking Member Moulton, for the opportunity to testify.    My road to entrepreneurship was anything but fast or predictable. I moved to New York after graduating from college and joined the publishing industry, working my way up from assistant to senior copywriter. But I developed something like a restless hand syndrome. I just wanted to make something tangible, and I found my way to beading and jewelry making in my spare time.    About 10 years ago, my personal life was influx and I left New York to move back to my hometown of Ashfield, Massachusetts. In this rural hill town, I had to cull together a living from whatever I could--freelance writing, waiting tables, and making my jewelry. I opened ShopClementine on Etsy.com in January 2006. When I got my first sale, I literally jumped for joy. For the first few years, revenue was quite modest but I had fallen in love. While I was still working other jobs, I devoted myself to learning all I could about jewelry. I took a series of intensive metalsmithing courses, which gave me the confidence to expand my line and focus on attracting new customers.    Through it all, Etsy has remained my main venue. The Etsy platform allows me to directly talk to my customers, making the shopping experience truly personal. Now, I work 50-60 hours a week on my business, and yearly business is more than $130,000. While my store is particular to my personal circumstances, my experience is similar to other Etsy sellers. Just today, Etsy released a new report about U.S. Etsy sellers, which reveals that they are business owners in their own right, and the income they earn on Etsy through the website and mobile apps, matters to their lives and the broader economy. Like me, most Etsy sellers are women, 86 percent. Many are parents with children at home. Just under a fifth are low income. And 39 percent live in rural areas. Nearly half of all sellers had never sold their goods until they joined Etsy, demonstrating that Etsy functions as an onramp to entrepreneurship.    And while some might be inclined to write our community off as hobbyists, income from these creative businesses matters. For 30 percent of Etsy sellers, their creative business is their sole occupation. For the rest, their creative business supplements other jobs, contributing an average of 15 percent to total household income overall.    The Internet and mobile technologies have opened up incredible new opportunities to people like me. To operate my shop, I use the website and two mobile apps Etsy offers. As of December 31, 2014, Etsy's mobile apps have been downloaded 21.8 million times. The Sell on Etsy app is indispensable in my day-to-day routine. When I am working at my jewelry bench, I check orders and communicate with customers via the app. If I go to make a hammered ring but I cannot remember what gauge the silver should be, I check the listing details via the app. If I get a message from Etsy alerting me that one of my items has been featured editorially, I can increase the quantity available so that item does not sell out. I also do most of my business's social media interaction via apps--Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter.    Mobile app technology enhances how entrepreneurial Etsy sellers, like me, reach customers and make a living. And it is only the beginning. Already more than half of Etsy's traffic comes from mobile devices. The fact that I can use my phone at all to do these things is a bit of a miracle; however, we still have a long way to go to getting access to technology to those who need it.    I live and work in Franklin County, which is the poorest county in Massachusetts. Most of Ashfield, where I live, is completely without cellphone reception. In my house, high on the hill, I get just one bar of 3G. There is no broadband or cable available, so I use a satellite to connect to the Internet. It is slow and it involves me having to go out in the middle of winter storms with a kayak paddle to whack the accumulated ice off the dish.    This gap in accessibility harms entrepreneurship and business. Policymakers have an opportunity to support businesses like mine. In addition to expanding broadband to rural areas, lawmakers should focus on the needs of the self-employed and microbusinesses. Most Etsy sellers work alone and face very different challenges from even a 10 or five person business. They are part of a growing trend towards self-employment in the U.S., which offers both new opportunities and new challenges.    For example, new administrative burdens impact microbusinesses dramatically. The newly introduced Remote Transactions Parity Act would require all Etsy sellers, regardless of size, to collect and remit sales tax in every state. Proposals like this threaten to undermine businesses of one who simply do not have the time or resources to comply with such requirements.    Overall, I believe the Internet and mobile apps are creating incredible new opportunities for entrepreneurs around the country. I urge Congress to enact policies that support independent, creative businesses, enabling the broader maker market to thrive.    Thank you.    Chairwoman RADEWAGEN. I want to thank the panel for your testimony. And now I will give myself five minutes to ask some questions.    Mr. Reed, you note that there are three billion different apps on the Apple store site. This is tremendous growth in just seven years. Do you expect the industry to continue growing exponentially or do you believe it will taper off?    Ms. GRAY. Well, I would say the most important thing is to continue to keep it free and open, to not put any barriers. Your work on the net neutrality was really helpful. I think that in order to really tap into entrepreneurship and technology, we need to keep a level playing field for everyone involved so that no single party or entity has an advantage.