    Mr. Wiley. Yes, sir. Thank you, Chairman Fleming, Ranking Member Huffman, and members of this subcommittee. I appreciate the invitation to testify, and we do support this legislation.    Red snapper is an iconic fishery in the Gulf of Mexico. However, red snapper management has been increasingly fraught with uncertainty and controversy. Seasons have gotten shorter, despite continued rebuilding success and higher quotas. In 2007, the recreational season was open for 194 days. This year the Federal recreational harvest season was open only 10 days for private anglers, and 44 days for federally-permitted for-hire vessels.    This is a highly divisive and unacceptable situation that short-changes private anglers in Federal waters and for-hire vessels in state waters. It forces states to provide longer seasons in state waters to compensate. It is clear our red snapper management system needs major changes to better balance management flexibility with strong conservation measures.    The Gulf Red Snapper Act would do precisely this by transferring management authority to the Gulf states and providing a robust framework for continuing the rebuilding of red snapper stocks, while providing more acceptable access to red snapper fishing.    The Gulf states are well qualified to manage red snapper because they have a track record of successful conservation and management of state fisheries. In Florida, nearly all stocks managed by my agency, FWC, are meeting or exceeding management goals. Fisheries, like spotted sea trout, red drum, and snook, have been rebuilt under state management and are thriving. Most of Florida's most valuable commercial fisheries, like spiny lobster, stone crab, and blue crab, are managed exclusively by the state, or with the state in a leading role.    FWC has an excellent track record for providing science-informed, sustainable access to a wide diversity of fishing opportunities. Our Fish and Wildlife Research Institute conducts fisheries research, stock assessments for state- and federally-managed species, and is considered a national leader in marine fishery science.    FWC also effectively enforces fishery regulations in state and Federal waters, and would continue to do so for red snapper under state management.    The Gulf Red Snapper Act offers major improvements over the current management process.    First, it provides a way to tailor red snapper regulations to local needs. Management that works for fishermen in Florida does not always work for other states. Even within Florida, the needs of anglers in Naples differs from the needs of anglers in Pensacola. The Gulf Red Snapper Act would provide much-needed flexibility for states to meet varying stakeholder interests within each state, while continuing to improve the fishery.    The Gulf Red Snapper Act also increases opportunities for stakeholders to engage in the fishery management process. Sometimes the Council meeting can be 1,000 miles away from Florida. With this program, states will be taking the lead, and the people can come and testify at local meetings, directly to their state commissions. FWC's rulemaking process also is nimble enough to respond quickly to the needs of fishermen and resource changes. This approach could continue under this Act. In contrast, the current Federal process can take years to make necessary changes that balance rebuilding with fishing access.    The Gulf Red Snapper Act would provide oversight to ensure that each state is accountable, adequately monitoring their landings, and achieving conservation. All five Gulf states now have programs to collect more accurate and timely data from anglers who fish for red snapper.    Florida's program is called the Gulf Reef Fish Survey, and was developed largely at the request of fishermen who understand that more precise and timely science allows for better management decisions and optimization of fishing access. These state-run programs have great promise for improving recreational red snapper data collection and management under this Act.    FWC is committed to ensuring fair access to red snapper for all fishermen. Commercial red snapper management through the IFQ program is highly accountable and successful. FWC is willing to provide strong assurances that this program will continue, and we will work closely with our commercial fishing industry, so they can continue to provide a generous supply of fresh Florida red snapper to our residents and visitors.    Similarly, FWC will continue to support Florida's for-hire industry, and recognizes their critical contribution to Florida's coastal communities, culture, and tourism economy.    In conclusion, I am confident the Gulf red snapper can be successfully managed through this legislation. It provides flexibility the states need to create solutions that work for anglers, commercial fishermen, for-hire businesses, and local communities.    Mr. Chairman, committee members, this concludes my testimony, and I really appreciate this opportunity to provide FWC's perspective. Thank you.    Mr. Wiley. Yes, sir. We have been working closely with our colleagues, and we certainly have not come to agreement on what that good answer is. But right now, our preference would be to have a quota somewhere around what we have been harvesting the last 5 years on an annual basis, and that is somewhere between 50 and 60 percent.    Mr. Wiley. We are willing to talk about it and work on compromise. I am not saying we would not change.    Mr. Wiley. You asked me for a number.    Mr. Wiley. Yes. In the Atlantic it is much worse, much further behind. The season is essentially closed, non-existent. Our approach would first begin with a series of workshops with all of our stakeholders--commercial, charter-for-hire, recreational, everyone--and bring them together and say, ``You help us design Florida's program.''    Mr. Wiley. Yes, sir. Thank you.    Mr. Wiley. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wiley. Yes, sir. That is the same way we feel. It is a little tricky, pulling them apart, because they are very much closely aligned.    Mr. Wiley. Yes, sir. First, as far as working together, we have a great relationship with our partner states across the Gulf. We have been in the trenches together for years, and we collaborate on many things. The unfortunate Gulf oil spill brought us even closer together, and I have no doubt we can bring these things together.    Part of this Act would require that we come together in a planning process, work with our stakeholders back home, and bring each flavor from each state together and work it out together. I have great confidence we can do that.    Mr. Wiley. Yes, sir. We do a good bit of enforcement in Federal waters through funding that comes through NOAA. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wiley. Yes, sir. That is a very good relationship.