    Mr. Ryan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for being here.    And one of the issues--the issue we talk about here--the budget, money, how are we going to free up money, and I know we have a lot of priorities. And the challenges we face today are, I think, unlike we have ever had to as far as dealing with these global challenges, the technology, making sure the third offset, all these new investments that we have to make.    So we have got to be very smart in how we try to free up money. And I know that we have been spending since 2001 a good deal more money on health care. And so one of the issues I want to ask you about just briefly and put a plug in for, when we look at rates of diabetes and blood pressure and all these things that are causing us to spend a lot of money in the healthcare system, military healthcare system, I want to talk to you about the Healthy Base Initiative, what kind of food we have coming in, what kind of nutrition that we are giving these elite warriors.    And we know that a lot of these issues are caused, they are diet related, and I think it would be smart for us to take a holistic approach here and just say, hey, if we know we start feeding our soldiers, airmen, and the rest healthy food, that a lot of these problems can be avoided, which frees up money for us put into the third offset and some of these other things.    So you don't have to necessarily comment, maybe comment for the record, on the Healthy Base Initiative and what we can do to make sure we start driving down some of these healthcare costs to free up money for some of these other things.    I know Mr. Visclosky mentioned the defense industrial base issue. Youngstown, Ohio, is home to America Makes, which is the Additive Manufacturing Institute. It is doing a phenomenal job and, I think, can transform manufacturing. So I want to make sure we robustly support these institutes as we move forward into the future.    And then, just to touch base quickly on what Mr. Israel said on the idea of these kind of mind fitness training, again, mind, body, health, how we prepare these men and women to function at the highest level possible and using the most cost-effective ways to do it.    I know that you mentioned Liz Stanley, Mr. Chairman. I know she is not doing any more work within the military now, and I would just like to say we need to reconsider that, and I think not just offer it, but ramp it up, because I think that would be a huge opportunity for us to reduce some of the suicide and increase performance.    Lastly, and a question. In Youngstown, at our air base there, we have the only Aerial Spray Unit. And we are now dealing with the global Zika issue, and I see we are reducing our C-130J request by three. And I just wonder, can you touch upon the Zika issue, keeping our troops safe around the world, making sure that we have the capacity to address this issue? And also will the reduction of C-130Js affect our ability within the Aerial Spray Unit and others to combat this global problem?    You have a minute and a half to kind of deal with all that.    Mr. Ryan. Thank you.    Mr. Ryan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for your service. I appreciate you being here.    One of the issues that we have to grapple with, too, is not just the military issues but also some of the other threats that we are seeing that face our country and the world.    Last year, in the appropriations report, we gave you some language for compliance with a directive to say that we need to prioritize recapitalization of the Air Force's three special mission aircraft--so the aerial spray, the airborne firefighter system, and the hurricane hunters. And we are seeing even more of this now with Zika, that the aerial spray unit, I think, can play a major part in helping us combat some of this.    So can you tell us what your plan is to ensure that we can meet these challenges?    General Welsh. Sir, the Air Mobility Command has got the lead to put together an integrated modernization plan for the entire C-130 fleet. That includes everything from C-130J recapitalization to Avonics Modernization Program (AMP) Increment 1 and 2 for all the C-130H models in all three components.    Now, that plan has been--the funding is in place to complete the modernization program for both increments. The detailed plan of which units rotate when is being developed right now, which ones will go to--on what timetable to do the Increment 1 and 2 upgrades.    And the other piece they are putting in this is a game plan for, if we were able to get additional C-130Js, where would they go first. Because the only thing we have left on the buy on the Active side is our Air Force Special Operations Command, C-130Js, which come in over the next 4 years before they complete. After that, there is no money in the C-130J line, but we would clearly like to continue to recapitalize the C-130 fleet as we can. It wouldn't make sense to upgrade airplanes, Inc 1 and then Inc 2, and then buy a C-130J and replace the newly modernized airplane.    So we are trying to build into that plan an option for recapitalizing specific units in the Reserve component with the J model as kind of the first place we would go. Your language from last year that came out in the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) is part of the factors that AMC is considering in that detailed planning.    I think within the next 2 months the plan will be finalized, it will be coordinated with The Adjutant Generals (TAGs) and with the Air Force Reserve wing commanders, and we will be able to share with everybody.    Mr. Ryan. Okay.    Madam Secretary, do you have anything to add?    Mr. Ryan. Okay. Great.    The other piece, quickly, Mr. Chairman--because I know you are looking at me.    Mr. Ryan. I could feel him. I could feel him right here.    Mr. Ryan. Just to mention America Makes, which is the additive manufacturing institute in Youngstown, Ohio, that is doing a lot of work with the Air Force now. We are also partnering with the University of Dayton Research. And this is 3D printing parts well into--hopefully soon, but well into the future that I think can save the Air Force lots and lots of money, the military lots and lots of money, to be able to print some of these parts wherever you are. This is the future of manufacturing. This is the future of the military. And you are continuing to help drive this.    So I want to bring that to your attention and say how great it is to watch this whole new industry and sector unfold. It is projected to grow about 25 percent a year for the next 10 years and can help us reduce costs here. So I want to thank you for your support for that and hope we can continue to have your support on that. So thank you very much.    Mr. Ryan. And he got appointed anyway.    Mr. Ryan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary, great to see you.    General, great to see you.    One of the issues that I know this committee is very concerned about is the continued challenge with suicides. And I saw in the testimony that the Army only has 1,789 of the 2,090 behavioral health providers required to deliver clinical care and have folks embedded in the brigades. What kind of impact is that having on the issue of suicides?    Mr. Ryan. I appreciate that.    General, so evidently, the four battalions for the National Guard with 18 Apaches, it is my understanding that there is some concern within the Guard that the Guard may opt to split up those four battalions among numerous States, and do you think this will hamper their ability to offer a viable capability, given the strain this will place on their efforts to train together?    General Milley. Yeah, I haven't heard the guard recommendation yet, Congressman, to be candid. So I don't know what their course of action is for the distribution of the bases of issue to do that.    Splitting them up, though, on the surface of it, not knowing what their recommendation is, the whole idea of Apache is to keep them consolidated so they can train as a unit, fight as a unit, and have combat effects on a battlefield as a unit. If they were to be split up into penny packets around a wide variety of States, that could be problematic for the actual operational employment and the training value. Now, there may be workarounds for that. I don't know. I would have to wait and see until I hear the course of action.    Mr. Ryan. I appreciate that.    Mr. Chairman, I just want to say that hearing things like phrases like ``high risk,'' ``minimally sufficient Army,'' ``mortgaging modernization,'' ``Volkswagen,'' I mean, these are----    General Milley. They get to hear it twice now----    Mr. Ryan. That has been memorialized, General. Sorry. Each of those issues and the behavioral health issue, these are very concerning issues, and there is an 800-pound, you know, elephant in the middle of the room: we need money.    We need money to do this. And I just say very respectfully, as we sit on a committee that is very bipartisan, we need money. And the American people are going to look to us either in the next year or the next 10 years because a lot of this stuff is projected out. And in 10 years, the emperor has no clothes, and we don't have the equipment, the capabilities that we need. And not to get too political, but we have a very high concentration of wealth in this country. There should be no reason why we can't ask the 0.01 percent of the people in the country to help us address the national security issues in the United States. That should not be beyond the capabilities of this committee to ask and put forward to the American people exactly what these challenges are, exactly what they cost, and say: Hey, we need a little bit of help from people who are doing really well. And if you want the stock market to keep going up and if you want the lanes for shipping and commerce to continue to be protected, we need the money to be able to do that. And we are going to go back and forth for how many years until we recognize that we need a little more dough to make this happen.    So I don't mean to get on the stump, but this is very concerning to me to hear the general, the Chief of Staff of the Army, talk about very high risk and a minimally sufficient Army. That is not the United States of America. I yield back.    Mr. Ryan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have a couple questions here, one regarding the National Guard counter-drug programs.    General Grass, as you know, this committee has put additional resources into this program that gives some support to local law enforcement, both State, local law enforcement. And we know that from 2011 till 2014 the National Guard has allowed a total of more than $130 million to expire from this account instead of transferring the funding back to the larger Defense counter-drug account.    So I would like to ask, given everything that is happening in the country with opiates and heroin and everything else that is going on, is this an important program for the Guard, and do you value this program? And why has the funding not been executed?    General Grass. Congressman, the funding is vital. The problem we are having is the episodic budget that we are dealing with, being able to keep men and women. You know, we make a commitment to them, and then we don't have the money to start the year. It has caused problems.    For 2017, the amount in the budget is about $87.7 million. This year, thanks to this committee and the great work that you have done and others, we are $212 million total. It is probably about the best we have ever had. It fully funds our five counter-drug schoolhouses, and every State receives an allocation of counter-drug funding. And we received it early enough in the year that this year we will probably be pretty successful with executing that amount for 2016.    We really feel that for 2017 we need to get that number definitely back up to about $212 million to $220 million based on the demands the States have given us.    I met yesterday with the new SOUTHCOM commander, and we are looking at how we build our strategy within the States that we have. Each State has their program, but how is that reflected then with the combatant commander to the south of us, Southern Command, and Northern Command? And how do we build that strategy, working with the Threat Integration Committee?    So it is a vital program today, and not just on our borders. It is in our hometowns. It is heroin. You know, it is abuse of prescription drugs.    Mr. Ryan. So there is no funding in the budget request for these training centers now?    General Grass. There will be some in there. We will probably--with the current budget, if we went to $87 million, we would be lucky to keep one open, which I talked to the Deputy Secretary that owns that account. We could probably keep one open if we come all the way back to $87 million. But the amount of money in each State would significantly drop.    Mr. Ryan. And so if we got back up to the 220, 215 area, you would be able to utilize all five----    General Grass. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ryan . Centers?    And the problem before was what was happening here in Congress--no budget, continuing resolutions. Is that what you were saying?    General Grass. Yes, sir. And getting the money halfway through the year, not being able to bring on the full staff and get them out there working with law enforcement till half the year was gone.    Mr. Ryan. So the times that you were able to train up a little bit and get people out and coordinated with the other law enforcement agencies, did you see some level of success in those programs?    General Grass. Yes, sir, we have. In fact, I have been at a session with the Office of National Drug Control Policy where a representative from the White House came over and presented four of our young counter-drug warriors with awards for their great work in counterthreat finance, where their information that they were able to obtain, working for law enforcement, resulted in millions of dollars captured and take those individuals to court and prosecute them.    Mr. Ryan. This is primarily coming in from Mexico?    General Grass. Sir, it is from everywhere.    Mr. Ryan. I mean, I know it is everywhere in the United States, but, from our understanding, working on this in other committees that I am on and other caucuses, there is a concentration somewhere in Mexico where a lot of this heroin is coming out of.    General Grass. There is.    Mr. Ryan. Is that where you have seen some of the success?    General Grass. Yes, sir. And not that long ago, I went and met with the Governor of the Virgin Islands and I met with the Adjutant General of Puerto Rico, and they are seeing an increase coming up in through the eastern Caribbean now, as well.    Mr. Ryan. Okay.    Are we going to have another round, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Ryan. I yield back.