    Mr. Barton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I was going to make a brief opening statement, which I didn't get to, so let me just summarize before I ask my questions.    My lifetime voting record on pro-life issues is right at 100 percent. I consider myself to be a pro-life Congressman. I think every life is precious. I think the Congress should do everything that we can to protect that life. I do recognize Roe v. Wade is the law of the land, and under that court ruling, I recognize a woman's right under legal conditions to choose to have an abortion.    That is not what this debate is about. This debate is about a procedure that Planned Parenthood utilizes to take body parts and sell. That, I don't think, is in contention. I don't think there is any dispute that this practice is occurring. The question before the committee and to some extent the Congress, should we allow that practice or should we stop that practice? And if Planned Parenthood is the practitioner of that practice, should we stop funding Planned Parenthood because they continue to utilize it? That is the question.    With that, I want to ask Dr. Yoest, does Planned Parenthood provide any service that other women's health organizations could not provide?    Mr. Barton. I have got limited time.    Mr. Barton. So Planned Parenthood is not the exclusive provider of services that other women's health organizations can also provide. That is correct, am I not right?    Mr. Barton. Does Planned Parenthood, under current Federal law, have a guaranteed entitlement right to Federal Medicaid funding?    Mr. Barton. They do not.    If Congress were to explicitly strip Planned Parenthood funding, are there other women's health organizations already in existence that could accept those funds and provide the same services?    Mr. Barton. So all of these other women's health services, there are other organizations that don't utilize this procedure that could provide all the services that Planned Parenthood does provide that are for women's health, not for abortion and not for harvesting body parts for sale?    Mr. Barton. OK. Is there any, on this particular procedure, which I think is immoral and abhorrent, is there any medically necessary reason to utilize that procedure to get a body part to use in another medical situation?    Mr. Barton. OK. I assume that you have seen all of these videos. Is that correct?    Mr. Barton. OK. Now, the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, has indicated they have been heavily edited, and that may be true. If he says it is true, I am going to assume that it is true. But what has been made available publicly, to your knowledge, has anybody from Planned Parenthood disputed what has been made publicly available? In other words, has anybody said, ``That is not true, we don't do that''? Has anybody at Planned Parenthood said, ``We don't conduct these procedures, we don't sell these body parts, we don't utilize this''?    Mr. Barton. So they admit that they are doing it?    Mr. Barton. With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Barton. You can have the 20 seconds that I still have.    Mr. Barton. I respect my friend from Houston, we are good friends. On this one, I am told in Texas there is not anything that Planned Parenthood is doing that other agencies in Texas that are already certified could not also do.    Mr. Barton. I yield back.