    Mr. Salmon . The subcommittee will come to order.    Members present will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the official hearing record. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 calendar days to allow statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record, subject to the length limitation and the rules.    The U.S.-India relationship can be characterized simply as one of enormous potential. It is in the interest of this subcommittee and the United States to see democratic societies prosper, and it is because of this view that India is a natural partner for the United States. The 1.3-billion-person nation has become the focus of U.S. trade and business opportunity. People-to-people connections between the two countries undergrid and bolster this relationship.    As a growing military power, India is also a critical global security partner with the potential to help avert military confrontation and conflict in the Indo-Pacific region. Indeed, both the United States and India recognize the potential partnerships between the world's fastest-growing large economy and the world's most powerful economy.    In light of this, we should expect that bilateral trade has much more room to grow. We convene this hearing today to discuss the U.S.-India economic relationship. Trade in goods and services has ballooned between 2005 and 2015. Both countries have prioritized the economic relationship, aiming to reach $500 billion in bilateral trade in goods and services by 2024, a fivefold increase from the 2014 level.    To achieve this, it is greatly important that India continue substantive economic reform by opening its markets, but substantive challenges remain, including speculation about India's domestic growth products, prospects, limits to market accessibility, and concerns about intellectual property rights protection.    When Prime Minister Modi came into power in 2014, he shouldered high expectations for an economic transformation. While his leadership continues to hold the promise of a new economic era for India, observers have become frustrated with the slow pace of reform. India's economic growth rate at 7.6 percent will not be enough to generate sufficient jobs for India's exploding population of young people.    On top of that, these issues are exacerbated by an overbearing and corrupt bureaucracy, insufficient infrastructure development, heavy regulation, and high social spending. Meaningful reform has been hindered by domestic policies and parliamentary gridlock.    A critical component of India's economic reform will be its involvement in multilateral economic institutions. India has for 20 years shown an interest in joining the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, or APEC, a regional organization that supports economic growth through free and open trade and investment, promoting regional integration and encouraging economic cooperation, among other things.    This has been an ambition that our Executive Branch has welcomed and encouraged. To assist in accelerating the relationship toward this goal, I plan on introducing a bill to support India's membership in APEC this week. Thanks to my colleague Mr. Bera, who has been working with me on putting this bill together.    Our two countries are also in the midst of discussions on a high-standards Bilateral Investment Treaty, or BIT. If achievable, the BIT would deepen our economic relationship and support economic growth and job creation in both countries.    These sorts of positive currents and potential achievements for Indian economic policy would illustrate a movement toward greater openness and harmonization with global free market principles that will be beneficial to India and the U.S.-India relationship and both of our economies.    Such reforms would pave the way to the accelerated growth India needs, and the increased openness would allow our countries to exploit our comparative advantages. Experts estimate that a successful BIT agreement, for example, could increase U.S. goods exports to India by 50 percent or more and could double service exports. A successful BIT could even pave the way forward toward a free trade agreement with India.    Despite the slow pace of reform, India's economy remains a bright spot amidst global economic troubles, particularly for developing nations. It is still the world's fastest-growing large economy, and I look forward to hearing about the U.S.-India economic relationship and the opportunities and challenges that encompass it, and how the United States can best support and nurture the bilateral economic relationship.    I would like to recognize Mr. Sherman for any opening statement he would like to have.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Bera, did you care to make an opening statement?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Ms. Meng, did you have an opening statement?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Lowenthal?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you very much.    We are very fortunate today to be joined by three very distinguished panelists.    First, Alyssa Ayres, Ph.D., senior fellow for India, Pakistan, South Asia, at the Council on Foreign Relations. Welcome, Dr. Ayres.    Mr. Sadanand Dhume, resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and Mr. Richard M. Rossow, senior fellow and Wadhwani Chair in U.S.-India Policy Studies at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.    We will begin with you, Dr. Ayres.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you, Dr. Ayres.    Mr. Dhume?Enterprise Institute, based here in Washington, DC. My comments today are my own and do not necessarily reflect the views of     Since our time is limited, I would like to take this opportunity to make four broad points on which I will then elaborate.    Number one, the U.S.-India relationship is a pivotal relationship for the future of the Asia-Pacific and, indeed, the world.    Number two, at a time of political turbulence, it is important for us not to lose sight of the economic principles that have helped make this country the strongest and most prosperous in human history. These include an openness to trade and a welcome mat for talented professionals from around the world.    Number three, after the election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi 2 years ago, India is on the cusp of change. The U.S. cannot determine the policies India will follow, but, by the force of its example and its advocacy, it can nudge India in the direction of the policies that will grow its economy, eradicate poverty, and make it one of America's major global trade partners.    Finally, number four, U.S. economic policy toward India should be tethered to twin goals, to help India achieve its economic potential and to strive to remain India's top trading partner in goods and services.    I will spend the remainder of my time to expanding briefly upon each of these four points.    The first, of course, is that the U.S.-India relationship is pivotal. Sandwiched between a rising China and the turmoil of Afghanistan and Pakistan, India represents an anchor of democratic stability in an uncertain part of the world.    The U.S. stakes in India go beyond economics. But, arguably, no aspect of the relationship is more important than the economic one. Simply put, the U.S. ought to view the goal of making India prosperous in a way similar to which it viewed South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan during the Cold War. This is part of a larger strategic goal which is important to the United States, given what is unfolding in Asia.    In purchasing power priority terms, India is currently the third largest economy, but, as a U.S. trading partner, it is only number 10 in terms of goods trade. I think that gap between those two numbers, number three and number 10, really sums up the challenge that we face, but also the opportunity for further growth.    In terms of India's own potential, though it has had 25 years of rapid growth of about 6 percent a year, in terms of per-capita income it remains at $5,700 a year in purchasing power terms, which is, to put it in perspective, less than half of China. So, again, we have seen quite a dramatic success story over the past 25 years, but there remains a lot of potential for further growth.    I also think that we should keep sight of our larger principles, particularly at a time of turbulence. Arguably, now more than ever, we need to stand by the ideas that have been the bedrock of prosperity for more than 200 years. This means leading by example in terms of openness to trade in both goods and services, while at the same time ceaselessly advocating for greater economic freedom in India. I would like to say, in particular, that some of the debates about Indian tech firms tend to lose sight of the fact that they have been an asset for U.S. competitiveness and Indian tech workers have been productive members of society.    India is on the cusp of change. In 2014, Narendra Modi was elected Prime Minister with India's first single-party majority in 30 years. Mr. Modi earned the reputation as an efficient business-friendly administrator. He has embarked upon reforms, but those reforms have not gone fast enough for many observers. Nonetheless, he is less than 2 years into a 5-year term and he remains the single best bet for India to achieve the economic transformation that it ought to achieve. And it remains in the United States' interest to back him as he makes these efforts.    Finally, to sum up, I would say that all U.S. policy goals, including some of those mentioned by Dr. Ayres, such as backing India's APEC membership, supporting a Bilateral Investment Treaty, I would add to that finding a way to work with India's most dynamic states such as Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh, and also working to enlarge global economic institutions, all of these exist within a larger framework, and that larger framework is two twin ambitions. The first is to help India achieve its economic potential, and the second is to continue to be India's top trade partner in goods and services in the foreseeable future.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Rossow?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you very much.    I think the reason that nobody gets to be Secretary of State based on their policy on India is they are not big enough troublemakers. So, I guess we ought to be thankful for that.    My two questions center on foreign direct investment. First of all, Prime Minister Modi recently launched efforts to boost India's domestic manufacturing base and promote economic growth from within with programs like Make in India Campaign. Does the Make in India Campaign program discriminate against U.S. and foreign manufacturers and imports? Will this policy hinder foreign direct investment? Do you think that it will have an adverse effect maybe on securing the kind of foreign investment it needs?    Then, secondly, related to their existing foreign direct investment policy which prohibits foreign-owned businesses from selling items directly to the Indian consumers over the internet, should that policy be one that Modi looks at reforming? Is that going to hurt foreign direct investment as well?    So, Mr. Rossow, do you want to take a stab first?    Mr. Salmon. Do you think that it could be a substantial left reform? So, a company like let's say Amazon could actually sell directly to consumers? Do you think that it might liberalize that much?    Mr. Salmon. Right. It is on a marketplace model and, otherwise, they can sell to businesses, but they can't sell directly to consumers.    Mr. Salmon. What about the other question? And, Dr. Ayres, you could address it or Mr. Dhume, whoever feels more adequate. But the Make in India policy, does that have the potential to discriminate against foreign manufacturers, foreign investors? Is that something we should be maybe chatting with them about?    Mr. Salmon. Okay.    Mr. Salmon. Right.    Mr. Salmon. Right.    Mr. Salmon. Thanks, Mr. Dhume.    Mr. Sherman?    Mr. Salmon. I turn to Mr. Chabot. But, before you get to ask the witnesses questions, we are all kind of wanting to know from you who is going to win in Ohio tonight. Mr. Salmon. Mr. Chabot?    Mr. Salmon. Yes.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Lowenthal?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Ms. Gabbard?    Mr. Salmon. I would like to really thank the panelists for giving us the opportunity today to learn more about the bilateral opportunities that exist, predominantly in the trade opportunities, but others as well.    It is clear that India is moving in leaps and bounds and that, regardless of how these hearings turn out, they are going to continue to progress. We need to figure out how to better partner with them on different ideas because I think their success globally as well as success in the region can be enhanced by a strong U.S.-India relationship. I, for one, am really hopeful that we can move forward with a Bilateral Investment Treaty. I think that would be incredibly positive.    There are other things that we have heard expressed, that the lawsuits tend to take a long, long time, on the average I think 4 years, to get resolved. While big companies have the resources to stay the course, that becomes difficult. And with the pharmaceutical companies, the generic entry into the markets has been a concern.    But, as we move forward, I think that most of the issues are very resolvable between our countries. I would echo what Mr. Bera said. When we were able to go to India, we were afforded great courtesies as far as opportunity to meet with Prime Minister Modi and virtually all of his Cabinet for several hours. It showed me that they are keenly interested in strengthening the relationships with us. And so, I think that is a real positive thing.    I would like to really thank the panelists for coming today.    I would like to thank the ranking member.    Mr. Salmon. Yes, yes.    Mr. Salmon. Absolutely, and let's do a better job. I do echo what Mr. Sherman says. Let's start doing a better job in getting our products over there. China has really taken great advantage of us when it comes to that lopsided agreement, and we don't want to make the same mistakes with India.    But thank you very much for being here today.    This committee is now adjourned.