    Mr. Salmon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am very pleased to support Mr. Chabot's legislation, H. Con. Res. 88, Reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the cornerstone of United States-Taiwan relations.    Mr. Chairman, I was a missionary in 1979 when Jimmy Carter was President and severed diplomatic ties with Taiwan. It was a very dark time for me personally. It was something I was very, very frustrated about at the time. But then Congress kind of came to the rescue. I think it was the leadership of the Senator from my State, Barry Goldwater, that put forth the Taiwan Relations Act.    And I think us reaffirming our commitment to that--and Mr. Chabot, you are just to be congratulated--this is so very, very important, not just to our relationship with Taiwan, but I think to the world at large. Taiwan's vibrant democracy is so incredibly important to the region as a guidepost for other nations to follow, and many are following suit with Taiwan's leadership in the world.    I was fortunate to go to Lee Teng-hui's swearing-in, President Chen Shui-bian's, and I will be going in just a couple weeks to the swearing-in of Tsai Ing-wen, the newly elected President of Taiwan. And I am just really excited that we are doing the right thing today.    America's commitment to Taiwan was so important that Ronald Reagan led the way toward this country's policies and commitment to Taiwan that have been in place for several decades now. I strongly support this resolution and urge my colleagues to support its passage.    I would also like to speak in support of Mr. Trott's legislation, the Stop Organ Trafficking Act. The illegal trafficking of human organs is despicable. The World Health Organization estimates that 10 percent of all transplanted organs worldwide are illegally obtained, coerced from vulnerable populations and prisoners, and it is long past time for the U.S. to make a policy to combat this brutal activity that seeks only to terrorize defenseless individuals. Terrorists and doctrinal regimes use this practice to fund their activities and to brutally punish those they seek to control, and this bill will put a stop to it.    And finally, I would like to speak in support of Chairman Smith's legislation, H.R. 1150, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act of 2015. I am a cosponsor of this legislation and I am proud to support international religious freedom.    As a man of faith, one of the greatest freedoms we enjoy in this, the greatest Nation on the Earth, is the ability to worship as we please. Our Founding Fathers fought for this principle, and Congress has a responsibility to continue that fight for others. And I really appreciate Representative Smith constantly being a reminder of this important truth and this important responsibility that we have in Congress and constantly standing up for the fight for human rights.    God is going to have a special place for you, for all the great work you have done, my friend.    So thank you, and I will yield back my time.