    Mr.  Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let me first thank you, Mr. Chairman, for leading a great trip where we did a lot of investigations in talking to individuals, whether it was from France, Turkey, Qatar, or Kuwait. And I know we tried to get into Lebanon, but unfortunately, we couldn't get in there. But we had a good conversation with its prime minister. So I very much appreciate the trip and I gained a lot of knowledge on the travel talking about this very subject matter. I want to first thank you for that. It was very good.    And given that, because one of the things that seemed clear to me on this trip is that the group that is a threat to everybody, whether it is the United States, whether it is Israel, whether it is even Iran and Russia and France, is this group called ISIL or Daesh. And everybody seems to be very much concerned about how they were being funded and how the dollars would go through.    So, to that, let me ask, first, Mr. Modell, because I believe in your writing, you discussed how intelligence collection for law enforcement and covert action needs to take place within countries that, using your words, are the most financial safe havens and terrorism enablers. Now, I was really taken aback to some degree when we were in Kuwait and Qatar, particularly, because they seemed to be very forward with what they were trying to do and what they could not do, or had not been done. A lot of that had to deal with some of the cultural questions, like a lot of people utilize cash as opposed to credit cards or anything else. Cash is harder to trace, et cetera, and a lot of them were making new laws with regards to the charity law because money was being funneled through that. But there also seem to be some concerns culturally, because culturally they bank differently than, say, Westerners have, different things, and that nature.    So my question to you is, how would such actions take place in these areas where they have the potential of destabilizing? When I talk about the Kuwait, for example, the June 26th date, for the first time, they had their own bombing at a mosque. They seem to be very focused on doing what they need to do to try to be very helpful here, but at the same time, they said, we have to move things to give confidence to our people. So how do you balance, what do you see the balance of the two, so that we could make sure we don't destabilize other regions of the area as we try to make sure we prevent them from passing dollars through?    Mr.  Meeks. Let me try to get one question in with the time I have remaining to Mr. Larkin. Because, Mr. Larkin, you talk about in your remarks cybersecurity landscape, law enforcement, needs private industry's help more than the reverse. So, given this, what types of incentives exist that we might give and how might they be improved to ensure that government has the appropriate level of access to actual threat information, and how do we protect, utilize public-partnerships? How should they be structured so that we can also have privacy and promote transparency?