    Mrs. Torres. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to associate myself with the comments given by my colleague that represents the Port of Los Angeles and Long Beach. I represent the 35th Congressional District. Everything that comes through those two ports makes its way to my district. We have lots of warehouses. Logistics is the business of the district.    So, yes, I am very, very concerned about containers coming through, whether it is coming through the Alameda corridor or it is coming through by truck on the I-10 or the Route 60 freeway, which are regularly overcrowded with commuters trying to make their way to and from their jobs in Los Angeles to the Inland Empire.    It is alarming to me that we have continued to ask for extensions. In this last request to extend this 100-percent check, is this your last request? I mean what assurances do we have that you actually have the technical expertise to deliver on your promise to Congress that you could meet the requirement given?    Mrs. Torres. So these 30 new responses, they are different from what previously you have received? And how are they different?    Mrs. Torres. Rear Admiral, in your testimony you state that the Coast Guard conducts foreign port assessments and have visited more than 1,200 port facilities. Does the Coast Guard share those results of the security assessments with U.S. ports, such as the Port of Los Angeles and the Port of Long Beach?    Mrs. Torres. I am more concerned----    Mrs. Torres . Ma'am, about sharing lessons learned, you know, what you are learning about potential risks, not necessarily attached to, you know, personnel, but logistics types of risks, where we could do a better job sharing information with the port authorities, as well as--I want to make sure that you are including--and this is for all of you--don't forget that, you know, the shipments that you are not inspecting eventually make their way to districts like myself, putting millions and millions of people at risk.    And I think, you know, we really need to look at and consider what is the life--the cost of the lives of these millions of people that are being put at risk when we fall down and continue to ask for extensions? I understand, you know, that there are technical challenges, but at some point we need you to deliver on what Congress has asked you to do.    And with that I yield back.