    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. I will take that.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And that beard looks pretty sexy on you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. I like it.    Thank you for holding this hearing, Mr. Chairman. I think it is so important for your subcommittee to shine a spotlight on Nicaragua and the abusive actions orchestrated by Daniel Ortega and his decrepit regime. You have described them. The ranking member Albio Sires, has described them. We all know it.    And on December 1, 2011, when I was chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I held a hearing on elections in Nicaragua. And now here we are, 5 years later, nada has changed.    In February 2016, Ortega detained and expelled Freedom House Latin America Director Dr. Carlos Ponce. And in June 2016, Ortega expelled three United States Government officials.    Ortega has also forced the Nicaraguan Supreme Court to not recognize the leaders of two opposition political parties. He has even removed 28 opposition deputies and alternates from the National Assembly without any due process and in the most undemocratic way possible. Then, he chose his wife to be his running mate in the upcoming illegitimate elections in an effort to extend the Ortega dynasty at the expense of the people.    We have seen Ortega send his cronies to break up peaceful marches by Nicaraguan civil society and peaceful protestors who are simply calling for inclusive elections to be observed by international and domestic experts.    If these problems sound familiar to you, Mr. Chairman, it is because we have seen these deplorable acts in the Western Hemisphere just a bit too often. Ortega has taken a page out of the Maduro and Castro playbook on how to silence the opposition and maintain a grip on power. And while the failed policies toward Cuba and Venezuela tend to grab the headlines, we cannot forget about the other rogue regimes in the region like Nicaragua that subvert democratic principles.    What is it going to take for us to take action? Russian tanks are in Nicaragua. What do we think they are going to be used for? Of course, it is going to be scare and intimidate the public, just like the National Police and the military is being used by Ortega to abuse the people and violate their human rights, as we speak. We cannot give Ortega a free pass on these actions.    I know that State Department officials will say that at least Nicaragua is cooperating with the U.S. on counter-narcotics operations, but the truth is cooperation is very limited and it is designed to detract our attention away from its bad actions. These rogue regimes in the region know how to play us like a violin. Bad actors in the region understand that as long as they can cooperate, even under a limited basis with U.S. authorities on counter-narcotics, then we typically turn the other way when it comes to democracy and human rights. This charade must not be allowed to continue. We have got to start holding Ortega and his ilk accountable.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the markup earlier. I am honored to be the Republican lead, alongside my good friend Debbie Wasserman Schultz, in introducing H.R. 851. Thank you for its passage. This resolution, as you pointed out, expresses the profound concern of Congress about the ongoing political, economic, social, and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela. It calls for the release of all political prisoners, for Venezuelan officials to respect constitutional and democratic process. As we know, the economic situation continues to deteriorate. Inflation has caused high food prices, making it difficult for people to afford even the most basic necessities.    Also, Maduro continues to unjustly detain Venezuelan political prisoners from the opposition. The regime is even extrajudicially holding American citizens.    So, I think you for the markup on that resolution and I thank you for the markup for supporting the Nicaraguan Investment Conditionality Act, a bill that I am proud to have introduced with the ranking member of your subcommittee, Mr. Sires, as well as the chairman of our subcommittee, Mr. Duncan.    Taking his cues from Ortega and seeing the tepid response from the international community, Ortega has ignored the Nicaraguan Constitution, manipulated the nation's Supreme Court and its Electoral Council to empower his regime and silence his opposition.    So, I thank you for the markup and the passage of this resolution to say that they have got to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, promote democracy, strengthen the rule of law, respect the right of freedom of association or they don't get these loans from the United States and the international community.    Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you. And I have been listening to the testimony and the questions from the side room. So, I appreciate your testimony and the questions from the members.    Secretary Gonzalez, I would first like to thank you for working closely with our committee and staff. My staff has briefed me on how helpful you have been with providing information and briefings regarding Nicaragua. So, I want to say gracias, that we appreciate your work on this issue. And as you have just witnessed, before the hearing, we had the markup. We passed the Nicaragua legislation in a bipartisan manner.    Do you think that this legislation helps advance U.S. efforts to hold the Ortega regime accountable for its violations against human rights and electoral manipulation?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Absolutely. I understand.    Also, press reports have indicated that the Ortega regime will now exercise control over diplomatic pouches. This is very troubling. Is this accurate? And if so, how will this impact the work of our U.S. Embassy officials and its staff?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Well, thank you for that.    And Administrator Escobari, thank you so much. It was a pleasure meeting with you just yesterday.    Congress brought back USAID back into Cuba, as we fast tracked your congressional notification last year, yet it took over 6 months to get the program dollars out the door. In Venezuela, USAID decided to cut the democratic program dollars last year to $3.2 million. While this was quickly corrected after congressional intervention, I worry about the signal that this sends about USAID's commitment to promoting democracy efforts. We can't let the fear of possibly being expelled from the country from scaring USAID from cooperating in closed societies. And in Nicaragua, USAID has failed to improve the democracy programs in Nicaragua for years. And in 2012, I sent a letter to USAID stating that funds to Nicaragua have not been spent wisely and prohibited funds from being used in the Ortega-controlled municipalities or from being used to work with the Ortega regime. Yet, just months ago, committee staff traveled to Nicaragua and USAID officials requested flexibility in order to work with officials from the Ortega regime and that is just simply unacceptable.    How can we work together in order to improve the democracy programs in Nicaragua? I know that is your goal. That is our goal as well. How can we help Nicaraguan civil society who are being oppressed on a daily basis? And related to that, if you can share with us some success, in terms of human rights and democracy, the program that you have from USAID programs. Is the country more democratic and with stronger civil society and empowered human rights organizations now? Thank you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for allowing me to speak and for the markup earlier today. Thank you, sir.