    Dr. Wenstrup. Well good afternoon, everyone. I want to welcome you all to the first hearing of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity for the 114th Congress. I have to tell you I am very honored to serve as chairman of this subcommittee and I look forward to working with Ranking Member Takano and other members to improve economic opportunities for our nation's veterans. Before we begin I will tell you that Mr. Coffman may join us and I ask unanimous consent that our colleague Mr. Coffman be allowed to join us at the dais and ask questions. Hearing no objection, so ordered.    We are here today to discuss implementation of the Transition Assistance Program, or TAP. TAP is a critically important step for today's servicemembers because if we can get TAP right for them at the onset of their transition from active duty I believe we can mitigate many other issues that have plagued and continue to plague previous generations of America's veterans.    The information on financial management, job search skills, and veteran benefits are light years away from what was being provided to servicemembers under previous versions of TAP, which was called by many death by PowerPoint. And while the structure of TAP has been greatly improved we can and should do more and I want to briefly make a few points.    It has been suggested by some that there is no need to continue to provide TAP in a classroom setting and that the online version is sufficient. While I agree that the online version can be helpful it was designed to only be a supplement to the classroom version and not to replace it. I understand that in a constrained fiscal environment the services have had the difficult task of implementing the VOW Act provision which made TAP mandatory. But I believe that focusing only on the online version would shortchange our servicemembers of critically important information.    I also want to echo the comments from the past two chairmen of this subcommittee by saying that I believe DoD is missing the mark by not making the education track mandatory for those servicemembers who are planning to use their G.I. Bill benefits upon transition. Under the right circumstances the Post 9/11 G.I. Bill can provide over $300,000 worth of benefits to a veteran and with thousands of schools and training programs clamoring for veteran students we must do everything we can to make sure our servicemembers are provided with all the information and tools they need to make an informed choice on the right school and how to use their educational benefits. Now from everything I have heard the education track does a great job in preparing servicemembers as they make this life changing choice and I believe it should be mandatory for servicemembers who are choosing to use their G.I. Bill benefits.    Another issue that I hope to hear more about today is how VA, DoD, and DoL are measuring and tracking performance and long term outcomes of TAP. Without measurable outcomes it is impossible to know for certain if this new curriculum is working. I know that hard statistics for a program like this can be difficult but I look forward to learning more about the steps the agencies have taken to track performance. Before I recognize the ranking member I do want to commend DoD, VA, and the Department of Labor for working together to transform TAP over the past two years. While many strides have been made a recent report from the VA's Office of Economic Opportunity highlighted a new challenge. The report stated that while unemployment rates for veterans continue to remain low, over half of the Post 9/11 veterans will face a period of unemployment upon transition. Helping facilitate a smooth transition so that veterans avoid this period of unemployment is our challenge and I look forward to exploring ways to address this challenge head on in today's hearing.    I now recognize Ranking Member Takano for his opening comments.    Dr. Wenstrup. I want to thank the Ranking Member for his comments and also I would like to reiterate what you said about welcoming our new members. I think that you should know that this is a committee, a subcommittee, that has great opportunity to really do a lot of benefit for our members of our country that serve in uniform, and for their families and their lives as they move forward and they leave the military. But now I would like to welcome our first panel to the witness table. First we have Mr. Davy Leghorn, Assistant Director of the Veteran Education and Employment Commission for the American Legion; Mr. Ryan Gallucci, Deputy Director of the National Veterans Service for the Veterans of Foreign Wars; Ms. Valrica Dunmyer, Chief of Staff and Chief Financial Officer for Student Veterans of America; and finally Colonel David Sutherland, Chairman and Co-Founder of the Easter Seals Dixon Center. I want thank you all for being here, for your service to our nation, and for those in uniform, and for your continued hard work and advocacy for veterans. Mr. Leghorn, we will begin with you. You are now recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Leghorn. Mr. Gallucci, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Gallucci. Ms. Dunmyer, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Ms. Dunmyer. Colonel Sutherland, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Colonel Sutherland. Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, my name is David Sutherland. I am representing Easter Seals Dixon Center and serve as its chairman. Easter Seals is a national nonprofit that helps individuals reach their potential through local services. I co-founded Easter Seals Dixon Center to forge community partnerships and harness local resources to more effectively serve veterans and transitioning servicemembers at the community level. As one of the 13 surge brigade commanders in Iraq in 2007 I observed firsthand the greatness that exists in our formations. And I also recognize the potential for greatness when our servicemembers come home. Thank you for inviting me to testify about the reintegration needs of our servicemembers and the role of communities and public-private partnerships.    I have dedicated the last several years on this very topic, both as a special assistant to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and now at Easter Seals Dixon Center. I am inspired by the sea of goodwill among Americans and U.S. communities that are ready to assist and welcome home our veterans and military families. I have seen that there are just some things that government cannot do that independent organizations working together locally can. Far too many servicemembers struggle during their transition because of missed opportunities and disconnected communities. The solution to successful transitions lies in American communities. My testimony today will focus on what government and communities can do together to improve this transition.    Let me start by saying the government is doing a better job. Thanks to steps by Congress and changes to the Transition Assistance Program curriculum, including the optional tracks on education, technical training, and entrepreneurship. I did not benefit from these changes when I attended TAP after 29 years in the U.S. Army. That said, TAP continues to lack a mechanism to measure outcomes and facilitate warm hand offs into communities.    In my testimony I share the transition experience of a Marine named Gary. He completed the new TAP, was self-motivated, and had a plan. However, his plan quickly unraveled when he hit a string of unfortunate events that left him homeless and in crisis. TAP and the military supports end the minute you walk off the base and so Gary was on his own. Gary and other veterans like him quickly learn that the hard work of transition begins after TAP and what typically separates the transition success story from a story of struggle is now a community welcomes, connects with, and responds to transitioning servicemembers.    Luckily for Gary his home of Cincinnati was prepared to assist him. Several months earlier I had helped organize a coordinated community response in Cincinnati among Easter Seals and other community groups through Operation Veterans Thrive. Chairman Wenstrup is very familiar with this effort funded by three local community foundations. Gary's initial call into the community led to several warm handoffs. First, to local organizations to address his immediate needs. Then to Easter Seals Tri-State for employment services to help him find a job. Gary is firmly on his path towards greatness thanks to a little community support during transition.    The connectedness of Cincinnati was the result of comprehensive community asset mapping and community convenings. Not all communities are as prepared. Easter Seals Dixon Center works across the country to build community partnerships and share innovative approaches to assist our veterans. We are stronger and more effective by working together.    While we have succeeded in shepherding community resources and fostering community collaborations in places like Ohio, New York, California, and Indiana, the need and work continues. Congress could make a difference by funding community asset mapping and coordination efforts through a community grant.    While this hearing focuses on initial transition into civilian life, reintegration struggles for some can surface several months or years after leaving the military. Congress has supported care coordination and supportive services models to address the most compelling needs, such as veterans unemployment and homelessness. However, more must be done to intervene earlier before crisis hits. I urge Congress to expand community models focused on early intervention and support services. Communities and groups like Easter Seals are part of the solution in promoting successful transitions. Congress could accelerate this effort by establishing outcome measurements and increasing community connections within TAP, supporting communities to more effectively serve veterans and military families, and expanding access to care coordination and support services to address ongoing reintegration needs.    As I alluded to throughout my testimony, we are veterans, we are not victims. That this is not about pity but recognizing potential, and that this generation of veterans are wired to serve. They just need a little community based support during transition and reintegration and they will thrive.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify. I will be pleased to answer any questions.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Colonel Sutherland. I now yield myself five minutes for questions and first I want to say I appreciate all of your testimonies and your lifelong concern for our veteran and for those that have served. And certainly we don't want this program to be death by Power Point, which we have heard about, and we don't want it to be just a box that you check. We are all familiar with that process and coming away with nothing. But we also need to look for opportunities outside of those several days where we can reach our veterans and those that are still in uniform as they are transitioning out of the military. Our goal here is to get it right and to get it right as many times as we possibly can.    You know, with that in mind as you are looking at the long term effects, I ask all of you what is your understanding of how the VA, Department of Labor, and Department of Defense are tracking long-term performance outcomes of TAP? And how do you think they could improve such reporting? What are you hearing from members on how TAP has or has not adequately prepared them for their transition? And I will start with you, Mr. Leghorn.    Dr. Wenstrup. What about the long term, my concern is about the long term reporting of how people are doing through, after this process. We know that they may go through the program and find it beneficial. What about looking at where they are two years from now? Five years from now? That is one of the issues that I want to address with all of you.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you all very much. I now recognize the ranking member for any questions he may have.    Dr. Wenstrup. I now recognize the remaining members in order of arrival, alternating sides. First is Ms. Radewagen.    Dr. Wenstrup. Next Miss Rice, you have five minutes.    Ms Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This question is for Ms. Dunmyer. What kind of training innovations would you suggest to improve the delivery of benefits information to avoid what you refer to and others have referred to as the death by Power Point situation?    Dr. Wenstrup. Mr. Costello, you are recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Ms. Titus, you are recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    Mr. Gallucci, can you expand on suggestions for expanding the off-base TAP pilot program and do you believe that we are doing as best we can or what are your thoughts of that?    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    Mr. Takano, you are recognized.    Dr. Wenstrup. Sure. With votes coming up, if there is a second round of questions, if you could make them brief, I would appreciate it.    Ms. Radewagen, you are recognized if you have another question.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, if there are no other questions, I want to thank the first panel for being here today. You are now excused, but thank you for your dedication to our country and to our servicemembers.    I now invite our second panel to the witness table. Joining us is Mr. Curt Coy, Deputy Under Secretary for Economic Opportunity at the Department of Veterans Affairs; Ms. Teresa Gerton, Deputy Assistant Secretary at the Veterans' Employment and Training Service at the Department of Labor; and Dr. Susan Kelly, Director of the Transition to Veterans Program Office at the Department of Defense.    I thank you for being with us today and for your service to our nation's veterans.    Mr. Coy, let's begin with you; you are now recognized for five minutes, sir.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Coy.    Ms. Gerton, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Ms. Gerton.    Dr. Kelly, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you. I thank you all for your remarks and I now yield myself five minutes for questioning.    One of the things we discussed with the first panel is looking at long-term outcomes, you know, long-term outcomes beyond just instructor surveys that immediately follow going to TAP. We all know that in human nature we can sometimes lead a horse to water, but we can't make them drink, and there are times where we have to be careful that we are not setting someone up for failure in engaging in something where they are not going to succeed.    But my question of you is what can we, here, what can we do to help you track these outcomes more successfully down the road to see where we are and make adjustments as we go? And I will go down the line.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, that is one of my questions you mentioned there, is how you are maintaining that communication, and is it by email? Is it by telephone? Are they coming in to meet with you? Are they coming in six months later? A year later? Two years later? What is the timeline and how are you maintaining that communication?    Dr. Wenstrup. So in that vein, is there something that we need to be doing here?    Dr. Wenstrup. Currently, what is your timeline? For those that you do have that communication set up, what is your timeline? Are you checking with them again after they get a job? Are you checking with them again in six months? Are they still there? Are you checking with them in a year?    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. Thank you.    Dr. Kelly.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you very much.    I now recognize Ranking Member Takano for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. They are going to be calling the votes in about five minutes. Hopefully we can get through the members' questions before we have to go, and with that, I recognize Ms. Radewagen for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    Ms. Rice.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    Ms. Titus, you are recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you.    If there are no further questions, I want to thank everyone here today for taking time to come to share your views on this critical program. As I have said before, I believe that if we can get TAP right and effectively prepare our transitioning servicemembers for life after active duty, we can probably mitigate a lot of the problems and issues that our veterans face.    Finally, I ask unanimous consent that all members have five legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material.    Without objection, so ordered.    The hearing is now adjourned.