    Mr. Zinke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And gentlemen, the country is in your debt.    General, I have known you a long time and certainly for your service.    And Mr. Secretary, I had not known you as long but thank you for taking the job.    Having said that, this committee, I am a freshman. And before this committee, we have heard the testimonies of General Abizaid. We have heard certainly in conversations with General Conway that I know well and fought with in Fallujah.    And both of them have said that--I will quote General Conway--``there is not a snowball's chance in hell that our operations alone are going to degrade and defeat ISIS.''    And then given the recent success of Iran, certainly they have embedded commanders in their forces, even though it is a modern Shia force, which has great ramifications long term.    And I have always been a fight-or-go-home guy. If we are going to fight, fight to win. I was never a flag officer; I was a deputy acting commander of special forces in Iraq, and I was a commander at SEAL Team Six. But I have always--in my career I have always looked at protection of our troops and making sure they had the right equipment, the right training, and the right rules of engagement to win decisively on the battle of field.    And having said that, if we are to embed, as Iran is having success to do, and if we are going to look at General Abizaid and General Conway's and some of your senior leadership, then my concern is that if we embed, we don't just embed with just a few, because we have seen what happens should an individual get captured. He is going to die a heinous death in a cage and burned alive.    So embedding is going to take a force package of relative weight and we are going to have to have a MEDEVAC because if one of our guys gets hurt, we are going to have to bring him out. And it is going to be at a U.S. facility somewhere close.    And if our guys get pinned down for some reason, that is a QRF . So that is American armor, American forces, because we don't want another Somalia or Benghazi.    Then we have to have, you know, a logistics arm to make sure our allies we are fighting with--the Sunnis and the Kurds directly and the centralized government--have the ammunition, food, fuel, everything it takes to win, because now we have committed and embedded.    And my question is, do the current authorization as proposed, does it allow the flexibility for you, should the decision be made to embed the force structure I have laid out? Does that authorization that you are asking--does it include the flexibility to embed that force package to win?    Mr. Zinke. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    And Mr. Chairman, I yield the remaining part of my time.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Knight.