    Ms. Abshire. Yes, sir. Thank you, Chairman Rokita, Ranking Member Fudge, and members of the subcommittee for inviting me to testify about technology's impact on student privacy and confidentiality.    For over 40 years, I have served the Louisiana Public Schools as a teacher, school librarian, principal, and technology leader. I now serve as the chief technology officer of the Calcasieu Parish schools in Lake Charles, Louisiana. And I am also a member of the Consortium for School Networking, CoSN, the national professional organization for school tech leaders.    I appreciate this opportunity to discuss how our district uses technology to support teaching and learning and to share our strategy for balancing effective technology and data use with strong student data privacy protections.    Technology and data use plays a central role in our district's strategy for supporting teaching and learning, as well as in improving the system's planning, evaluation, and continual improvement. Equipped with the right technology, high-quality professional development, and appropriate data, our teachers tailor individualized instruction, engage students, and deliver rich digital resources. Our district also equips parent and guardians with the data they need to monitor, understand, and support their children's educational progress.    Using technology to provide the right people with the right data at the right time is critical to effective decision making at the classroom, school district, and state levels. We believe robust data sharing, however, must be complemented by well-designed strategies and practices to protect student privacy and ensure confidentiality.    Our district has taken an aggressive and comprehensive approach to assuring student privacy. We have created extensive data-sharing training materials, and all employees in the district have participated in training sessions. Upon completion of this required training every year, each district employee signs a statement of assurances. This process is based on CoSN's protecting privacy in a connected learning toolkit that we produced in partnership with the Harvard Law School. And the best part, it is free to all school districts.    The Calcasieu Parish Public Schools strongly emphasize both appropriate technology and secure and safe data use, including using this data to develop a greater understanding of student needs, and then tailoring instruction delivery of resources to help them succeed. Over the past 3 years, our district has developed a leading edge data warehouse and data dashboard to provide our teachers and school leaders with timely, targeted information; the information they need to support improving learning.    Based on my experience in the Calcasieu Parish Schools, I urge Congress to proceed very cautiously with new federal privacy requirements. We want to ensure that any contemplated legislation doesn't impede this type of powerful instructional data use.    We also work with all of our vendor partners that use any student data as part of learning or assessment. We require them to certify their compliance with our data usage policy. And our state law reasonably addresses data sharing with vendors and requires them to sign contracts specifying the limited purposes for which the student information can be used.    Our district believes that our teachers and school leaders and parents must be equipped with the right technology and the knowledge about how to use the student data and protect--to use it with fidelity to implement best practices. We provide this regularly-targeted professional development designed to equip our educators and school leaders with this knowledge they need to use to, most importantly, improve student outcomes, and including training them with privacy and security practices.    However, additional federal investments in technology and student-focused privacy professional development, including the Enhancing Education Through Technology program is urgently needed. I would encourage Congress to support the President's fiscal year 2016 request. Unfortunately, for school districts, this program hasn't been funded since 2011.    Our district also prioritizes communicating with stakeholders to convey the value of this data in teaching, learning, and decision making. All of this information is made readily available to parents and the entire community on our district web page. Transparency builds trust with our communities. And that is why I hope Congress will consider strategies that encourage districts to promote data use transparency, including describing the who, what, where, and when of their technology practices.    Protecting student data is not a one-time event. Educators' data needs are evolving. Security threats are constantly changing, and professional development need are ongoing. I hope Congress would encourage districts to implement security practices that meet the mature technical, physical, and administrative standards.    While federal state and privacy policy is critically important, there is no doubt in my mind that school districts and schools must lead these efforts to protect student data privacy. And any effort by Congress to update laws to protect students, FERPA and COPPA, should support, not burden school district and state data use to improve instruction and decision making.    Appropriate data sharing must be served to strengthen the potential of technology to transform and improve education. I urge Congress, please do not overreach as you address this important issue. But instead, take a thoughtful, balanced approach focused on supporting schools and district leaders.    I thank the members of the Committee for this opportunity to share a realistic view of the issue from the perspective of a school district that is engaged in this work. And I am happy to answer any questions.    Ms. Abshire. I guess I would just comment that the comment around trust I think is critically important. Also, the comment I would make is about how we at the district level should anonymize data. If you think about all that we collect about children--there was some earlier comment about large-scale demographic data. That data coming out of a school district usually is and should be anonymized so that it is reported in a way that it is not PII, it is not personally identifiable information. It indicates trends. It allows researchers and states to look at those trends and make solid educational decisions.    The other piece is the use of role-based data. In other words, depending what your role is in the school district or an organization, that limits your access to certain pieces of information. We have been very successful with that, and we are working on that in the--    Ms. Abshire. Absolutely.    Ms. Abshire. The pending and the agreements that are in place with our providers allow for that data to be--    Ms. Abshire. We work on that with counsel in the district and with our state department. Yes, sir.    Ms. Abshire. Well, thank you, Congressman Fudge. I appreciate that question.    I think the comments of my colleagues here at the table this morning have kind of encompassed that; that the revisions do need to be made with an eye towards a balanced approach. I would come down strongly on the side of ensuring parental engagement and involvement. In our district it is called ``informed consent.'' Our parents are allowed to consent and opt in and out on different pieces of data around their children's educational records.    So they know that when they give informed consent, that student data around discipline, student data around a children's progress on formative and summative assessment results are gonna be used within the district with privacy with the educational experts that need access to make good decisions about that child's educational progress.    They also know that it is gonna be sent to the state to be able to assimilate that information and look at how our district performs against other peer groups in the state and on national levels. They also know that information will be anonymized for certain requests and it will not leave the district. It will not go out into the cloud and be available for potential data breaches.    So I think the strongest piece that I can bring to the table around that issue, Congresswoman, is the piece of informed consent; that it is, I think as Chairman Rokita said, the parents are the first guardians. And the culture of a community in Louisiana--    Ms. Abshire. I am sorry--    Ms. Abshire. Yes, Congresswoman. Thank you.    Teachers regularly meet in our district in what we call PLCs, professional learning communities. And those communities are focused on looking at how students are performing. And in the past it was a set of folders. It was stacks of information that people could not cross tabulate the data and, again, look for trends and look for specificity in what skills and standards are students not able to make.    Now in our direct, our teachers sit in conference rooms with the fourth grade team or a group of math teachers at the high school level and pull on a computer screen all the trends for the students in their classrooms, drilling down to a specific skill that don't know. So they are able to pull out students into groups, reteach that specific skill, and allow other students to move on.    What that data warehouse for us has created is efficiencies in learning and efficiencies in teaching.    Ms. Abshire. Just a quick addition. I think we should make no mistake about the fact that schools are painfully aware of this issue today. None of us is--can ignore, I think as Congressman Kline mentioned, the data breaches that have happened with public information and different companies and people's credit cards.    So we are all aware of this. And at the heart of our role as school district officials, principals, and superintendents and school boards, is the interest of the child. I think the chairman said it quite eloquently. Our role is to educate, protect, and take care of our nation's children.    And so in this area of privacy and security, we have not ignored this. Every meeting I go to around the country there are conversations about this. I am gonna be in California in a couple of weeks speaking to district CTOs from around the country about this issue. And if we find an issue, I don't know of an educational agency that would say we will not correct the record, that we will not do the right thing by the child; and that if a contract is violated, we have easy recourse. We quit doing business with them.    Ms. Abshire. Well, we don't give information about a student to a company. That data--we have been working on this for a little while. Let me say that. And as we look at PII, personally identifiable information, we have begun to ferret out systems where in earlier contracts and earlier provisions, we used a lot of PII. And we are anonymizing that data now by using student IDs.    Information is power in this new technology, economy, and educational arena. And if we know that this information has the potential, as Ms. Knox said, to be misused or to be exploited in some way, then it is our responsibility as--it is the responsibility at the school district level to be able to restrict that PII in such ways that these children cannot be identified.    Only within our own discreet systems with the educator or the researcher or the evaluator that needs to use it in a direct line of correlation between that child and their educational records.    So as I said before, this is evolving. It is not an easy issue. Because obviously, the use of technology and information systems in schools is evolving. And it is complex. But it is our opportunity, I think, as a community of policymakers, of parents, of companies, and educators to look at this in a comprehensive way that holistically evaluates what are we doing, what should we be doing, what should happen if we don't do what we are supposed to be doing. And then look at ways that we can support the use of data to inform instruction.    Because I think as all the panelists said, the powerful learning opportunities that this technology provides to advance, remediate, enrich children's learning in ways that didn't happen 40 years ago when I started is the way we would transform schools and create competitive educational environments so our kids can compete within those safeguards. Does that help?    Ms. Abshire. Just very quickly. Back to our earlier comments. This information, this concept of transparency and trust; that within our communities, it is school districts' responsibilities and states' responsibilities to inform and educate parents so they can make informed decisions. We cannot do this in isolation. I don't think we can do it with legislation, with policy, or with practice. It has got to be a partnership between companies, school districts, parents, and students so that they are informed when they make these decisions and we can use that power of technology.    I fear a world where we can not use the technology to transform learning. But I also fear a world where our students' privacy is jeopardized. But I think we can balance that. And I hope that we will. Because I think that the potential is transformative.    Ms. Abshire. Well, I think it is a partnership conversation. I think that there is deep experience in the field with my colleagues and school superintendents and school board members that are grappling with this every day at the district level, with organizations such as CoSN and ISTI that represent the types of leaders that also toil with these ideas.    In our work, we are not absent that thinking every day that contracts that we sign, systems we put in place, don't hold great responsibility for those of us that are in the educational system. So it is a constant thought on our mind. And the news and the media and the new tools that are emerging constantly bring that to the forefront of our thinking. Because we know what we have to do to make sure that our children are safe in a world that in many ways is unexpected from day-to-day as to what will happen.    But I think at the heart of this is the conversation--deep, abiding conversations that we as school leaders and policymakers have with the people that we entrust this information to, which are our providers. I do commend Microsoft and other people for coming to the forefront and putting it together. And certainly, people that have worked at the state and the national level on this. But it is not gonna be an easy conversation.    Ms. Abshire. And that is why I am so thrilled that this is happening today. Because we have got to probe at this and look at what the technology is doing in terms of securing privacy but enabling learning. So I think it is an ongoing conversation. I don't think we have the answers in our hands today. But I think they are emerging. And I think this panel today helped give you some insight.    And I know the conversations will continue. And we appreciate you talking to practitioners and to companies and to parents to know that we are all thinking about the same thing. No one is ignoring this important issue in elevating learning.    Ms. Abshire. Yes, sir. Please be careful in your consideration of what changes in this law and how they will filter down and affect the business of school districts educating students. While we are painfully aware of the issues around student privacy and PII, I am also painfully aware that it is a very difficult and complicated process to manage student learning and to be wise stewards of all of this information. And so in terms of burden, we often talk about that, seek out professionals in the field, practitioners that will have to implement what you decide to do around this.