    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and congratulations, by the way, on assuming this chair.    Mr. Rogers. This is your first hearing?    Mr. Rogers. Third hearing? Well, Okay. You are off to a good start.    Anyway, congratulations to you, and best wishes.    Mr. Secretary, we are glad to have you here.    You have ranked some very impressive credentials to this job from the private sector, and we are looking for great things from you and your staff. You've got your headaches, you've got your problems, but I feel like you are the man for the job. We congratulate and welcome you to this subcommittee for your first time.    The V.A. is charged with carrying out an essential responsibility of the U.S. government, and that is ensuring the health and well-being of our nation's vets, who selflessly serve with dignity and honor.    This charge brings a host of challenges: providing our veterans with timely access to quality health care, ensuring that they receive appropriate compensation for disabilities, and fighting the persistent problems of veterans' homelessness and substance abuse.    Just last summer, we were made aware of gross mismanagement and negligence on the part of this department. Veterans were kept on wait lists for months, awaiting health care services and treatments that they have been guaranteed by their government and deservedly so.    We can all agree that treating our veterans this way is unacceptable, and I commend you for your willingness to face these serious issues head on and the actions you have taken to right the ship.    Among the changes you have made to the V.A. care model is the implementation of the Veterans Choice program. The Choice program has offered thousands of veterans the opportunity to get off lengthy wait lists and seek treatment outside of the V.A. health care system.    We are beginning to see progress on the wait lists, and veterans now have access to health care facilities closer to their homes. But even with this progress, more work remains.    Many veterans who should qualify for the Choice program have been denied access by the V.A. These veterans either live more than 40 miles from a V.A. facility or must drive distances in excess of 40 miles to reach one due to geographical impediments.    This department must take steps to ensure that the 40-mile rule and qualifying exceptions are applied evenly and in a timely manner.    While we continue to hone and improve new programs, such as Veterans Choice, it is critical that V.A. does not lose sight of important modernization initiatives that Congress has been promoting for years.    One such initiative is digitizing V.A.'s medical records.    Mr. Secretary, your budget includes $141 million for scanning files and medical records into digital format, which is the same as your fiscal 2015 allocation.    For 2015, the committee provided an additional $40 million for three specific purposes--regional-office staffing, digitized scanning and the centralized-mail initiative--yet you have only allocated $10 million of that for scanning and centralized mail.    Eliminating the need to locate and transfer paper records will streamline the claim and benefit process tremendously. We need a strong commitment from the department to make this a reality.    I have visited one such center and noticed the huge bundles in a file, bound maybe this thick--paper, that is shipped all around the country trying to find its place.    You are digitizing those records, which means you can electronically, instantaneously access that file without having to ship it from Burbank, California. So I really hope that we can see more of this.    Another initiative Congress has been emphasizing for some time now is the implementation of the electronic health-record system that is interoperable with the DOD system.    Your budget requests $233 million for the V.A. electronic health record and sets aside $50 million of that for achieving the interoperable capacity.    I appreciate your commitment to that initiative in the budget and the work you have done to stand up a framework that will allow your record system to work with DOD's. And you have all heard me talk about this one instance a few years ago. A vet from my district was injured by a bomb in Iraq, and he lost one eye. The other eye was severely injured.    Then he was discharged, and the eye begins to act up. So he goes to the V.A. hospital in Lexington, and V.A. declines to treat him. They were afraid to operate not knowing what had happened in the DOD hospital in Germany, and they couldn't get the records.    So he lost his other eye simply because of the incapability of these two bureaucratic agencies to work together. That is going to stop, and you are making a really good start, and I appreciate that very much.    I continue to be concerned that until DOD awards a contract to produce its record and V.A. shows demonstrable progress with modernization of its record, we can't be sure that this goal will be achieved in the near term.    I can't emphasize strongly enough the importance of achieving interoperability with DOD's electronic health-record system. If these two systems can't talk to each other, which I find incomprehensible, we continue to run the risk of service members receiving inadequate care and undergoing inadvisable procedures.    We need more than words on this critical issue; we need results. In fact, we are demanding results.    We had a meeting less than a year ago with the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of V.A., and we talked about this extensively. Both sides agreed to work it out. But both sides are protecting their own turf.    And so you will find language in your appropriations that puts you under the gun on this, and we are going to do the same with the DOD, which we have been doing for several years.    And finally, let me stress to you the seriousness of the problem of prescription-drug abuse among our vets.    We have all seen in the news the V.A. hospital in Tomah, Wisconsin that some are referring to as ``Candy Land.'' We now know that officials there have been overprescribing opioids and possibly even contributing to the abuse of these drugs by our veterans.    I am pleased to see that the V.A. Office of Inspector General is investigating that case. It is my hope that this investigation will lead to safer practices among those treating patients suffering from drug addiction.    This committee is also interested to know what other actions the department is taking, regarding these disturbing developments in Wisconsin, and I hope you touch on that today.    As part of your opioid-safety initiative, it is important that the V.A. continue to pursue alternative remedies to prescription opioids and consider new technology such as abuse-deterrent drug formulations and tamper-resistant packaging.    It is also critical that we continue to invest in tried and true models like veterans treatment courts. These courts which require regular court appearances, drug testing and treatment sessions are integral to helping our veterans find a way forward and out of addiction.    This committee stands ready and willing to tackle these issues with you head on, and we hope that your department will remain a committed partner in the fight against prescription drugs, which the Center for Disease Control now says is a national epidemic.    We look forward to learning how you plan to offer more timely and accessible health care to our vets and fulfill the promise that both Congress and the V.A. have made to serve them.    Thank you.    I have to go to another couple of hearings. I am going to miss part of your testimony, which I regret.    Mr. Chairman, thank you.