    Mrs. Miller. The Committee on Homeland Security, our Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to examine the Visa Waiver Program and its effect on terrorist travel.    We are pleased today to be joined by Dr. Marc Frey of the Steptoe Johnson law firm, Mr. Roger Dow of the U.S. Travel Association, Dr. Steven Bucci of the Heritage Foundation, and Mr. Brian Michael Jenkins of the RAND Corporation. I will formally introduce them in just a moment. But I would like to make my opening statement first, myself and the Ranking Member.    Over the past year, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant or ISIL and several other extremist groups have attracted tens of thousands of young men and women to join their ranks; many of whom hold passports in France, the United Kingdom, Belgium, Canada, and other Western nations, including United States. Many foreign fighters could be just one flight away, bringing with them the skills, training, ideology, and commitment to killing Americans that they have learned overseas.    The threat that these foreign fighters pose is significant and growing in large part because the terrorists with Western passports are eligible for visa-free travel to the United States through the Visa Waiver Program. If we do not have good intelligence on the travel of these fighters or our allies in the Visa Waiver Program are not appropriately sharing what they know, then U.S. citizens could be at risk.    Last year, this subcommittee held a hearing on the Visa Waiver Program, where we heard from Government witnesses. We have called this hearing today to get an independent look at this program from outside experts. The Visa Waiver Program was designed to facilitate travel, to reduce the burden on the State Department, and to help encourage travel to the United States. However, after the tragic events of September 11, 2001, the program evolved to be a significant counterterrorism tool by simultaneously facilitating legitimate trade and travel.    Now, let me just state from the outset that I believe that this program is very effective at both facilitating travel and increasing our National security. Through the addition of the Electronic System for Travel Authorization--that we call ESTA--the information that CBP knows about a traveler before they get on a plane significantly increases our security.    Some of my colleagues have called for the Visa Waiver Program to be canceled or suspended. I personally think that is misguided. Millions of travelers fly using VWP every year, and stopping this program would bring cost to our economy and CBP would lose an important source of information for screening travelers entering the United States. In addition, information-sharing agreements, which are a prerequisite for membership, are also a key part of the intelligence that keeps Americans safe.    Make no mistake, terrorists are indeed looking for weaknesses in our defenses, and we have to prevent them from succeeding. Rather than end this valuable program, we need to continually evaluate the program to make sure it adequately balances our economic and security needs, especially in the light of the growing threat of foreign fighters entering the United States. Expansion of the program should only be done when it aligns with the security and economic interests of the United States, once a viable biometric exit system is in place, which can lead to more accurate reporting of visa overstay rates by our country.    To that end, I continue to call on this administration to publically release visa overstay rates, which are currently obtained through the flawed biographic system. While I am not surprised by the administration's lack of transparency on this, I am disappointed. The visa overstay report was promised to this Congress by Secretary Napolitano. While complete, the report continues to be held up by the White House. I urge the release of this report. The delay only serves to reinforce our belief that a biometric system would produce more timely and accurate results and could lead to expansion of this program for some of our Nation's most trusted allies.    Earlier this year, I introduced H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Program Improvement Act that I believe will help to minimize the ability of terrorists to exploit the program. The bill allows the Secretary of Homeland Security to suspend participation of countries in the VWP if they do not share critical terrorism and foreign traveler data with the United States consistent with the program's underlying agreements.    This bill also requires the Department of Homeland to consider collecting additional pieces of information on ESTA applications to better screen foreign travelers, and requires an annual intelligence assessment conducted by the director of national intelligence and DHS to assess airport, passport, and travel document standards. This sounds like common sense. I think it is. Was very pleased that Secretary Johnson also called for adding of additional data elements to the ESTA application in November after this bill was initially introduced that called for a look at additional data elements to be considered.    Although CBP continuously vets all visa and ESTA applicants against our terrorist holdings, that information is imperfect if we do not have a complete picture of an individual's travel route. Collecting more information up-front will be helpful to do just that. Critical information sharing, especially with our European allies, is vital to help combat the threat of foreign fighters bound for the United States.    Unfortunately, Europe as a whole has been reluctant sometimes to share certain passenger name record data or PNR data with the United States, and such a gap puts United States citizens at risk. We recently learned that it was only after a prominent terrorist attack overseas that a Visa Waiver country provided the Department of Homeland Security names of individuals which pose a terror concern. Some of the names shared were not even on our radar screen previously.    Unfortunately, this demonstrates that we still have an information-sharing problem with some of our closest allies. Our bill gives the Department of Homeland the leverage it needs to make sure the information critical to our homeland security is being shared appropriately. As we have noted on many occasions, the 9/11 Commission was crystal-clear on this point when they said for terrorists, travel documents are as important as weapons.    So I certainly look forward to hearing from our witness today on the value of the Visa Waiver Program and what further changes we should look at to strengthen the Visa Waiver Program to combat the threat of foreign fighters. This subcommittee has a long record of interest and oversight when it comes to visa and travel document security. The reason for that, obviously, is very clear. Many terrorist plots and attacks have been successful or nearly successful because of holes in our visa and border security defenses. Defeating terrorists' ability to move internationally has long been a focus area for this subcommittee. There certainly is more that we can do and need to do to prevent attacks and limit terrorist mobility. That is the purpose of our hearing today.    The Chairman now recognizes the Ranking Minority of this subcommittee, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Vela. Let me just mention that I am very, very delighted to have him serve as the Ranking Member. I certainly am looking forward to working very closely with him as we go through the 114th Congress on issues of bipartisan concern. There is nothing more concerning, certainly, than providing for the common defense, which is actually in the preamble of our Constitution, and is a principle reason for this committee. Thank you.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you very much.    Other Members of the committee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Mrs. Miller. Again, as I mentioned, we are pleased to be joined by four distinguished witnesses to discuss today's very important issue.    First of all, Dr. Marc Frey is a senior director in the Washington office of Steptoe and Johnson, which is an international law firm. Prior to joining Steptoe, Dr. Frey held several senior positions at the Department of Homeland Security, including the director of the Visa Waiver Program from 2007 to 2010. In that role, he oversaw the development and implementation of the VWP and directed the successful effort to enhance its security futures. Dr. Frey also serves as a senior associate with the Center for Strategic and International Studies and is a member of the American Council on Germany and the Atlantic Council of the United States. We welcome you, sir.    Mr. Roger Dow is the president and CEO of the U.S. Travel Association, the National association representing all segments of travel if the United States. In this role, Mr. Dow leads U.S. travel efforts to advocate for improved travel facilitation and visa reform and to provide travel research and analysis. We welcome you, sir.    Dr. Steven P. Bucci is the director of the Doug and Sarah Allison Center for Foreign and National Security Policy Studies at the Heritage Foundation, a position that he has held since 2012. Prior to working at the Heritage Foundation, Dr. Bucci spent many years in the military, including service as the commander of the 3rd Battalion, 5th Special Forces. In 2001, he assumed his position as military assistant to Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in the Pentagon, where he was stationed on the terrorist attacks of September 11. We welcome you. Thank you for your service to this Nation.    Mr. Brian Michael Jenkins is a senior adviser to the president of the RAND Corporation and author of numerous books, reports, and articles on terrorism and terrorism-related topics. Mr. Jenkins is also a decorated combat veteran, having served with the 5th Special Forces Group in Vietnam. Welcome home. In 1996, Mr. Jenkins was appointed to the White House Commission on aviation safety and security. From 1999 to 2000, he served as adviser to the National Commission on Terrorism. In 2000, was appointed to the U.S. Comptroller General's Advisory Board. So our witnesses' full statement will appear in the record.    The Chairman now recognizes Dr. Frey for his testimony.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you.    The Chairman now recognizes Mr. Dow for his testimony.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you very much, Mr. Dow. The Chairman now recognizes Dr. Bucci for his testimony.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you very much, Doctor.    The Chairman now recognizes Mr. Jenkins.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you very much. I certainly would agree that Visa Waiver is a component and as we look at the thing in the overall. However, I think because of the evolving threat, the changing circumstances, that really, as I say, has necessitated this hearing today and has certainly been the impetus for many Members of Congress speaking out about this particular program if we try to examine where we have vulnerabilities.    Some--you know, and I appreciate their concern--have actually suggested eliminating this program. I am not in that posture. Although we are trying to understand how necessary the program is for us economically and what we need to do to make sure that we don't have vulnerabilities that we are not really looking at.    I just was trying to take some notes during your testimony. Mr. Dow, you were suggesting in the case of South Korea, for instance, some of the numbers that you were citing were remarkable in the increase of travel that has happened there since they have been a participate in the Visa Waiver. As you mentioned, 23 million travelers last year through the Visa Waiver countries. Those are some really amazing numbers, really.    Also, Dr. Bucci, as you were saying, that we should ask the administration for a list of countries to actually expand the Visa Waiver Program. We may take you up on that. I think that is a very good suggestion. You were talking a bit about Poland, for instance. As I was listening to you, I think you were talking more in bringing them on-board in terms of geopolitical--as a motivator, rather than economic. Although economic certainly, as well.    I guess I would just ask perhaps Mr. Dow or Mr. Bucci, I don't know if you want to suggest any other countries, other than Poland. But what are your thoughts on something like that, of actually using that as a--excuse me--as Dr. Bucci was talking about in regards to Poland. As you were saying, particularly because of what is happening in Russia. To me, I think that is an extremely powerful motivator. More than the economics, quite frankly. But Mr. Dow?    Mrs. Miller. Anybody else want to comment on that?    Mrs. Miller. Dr. Frey, it looks like you want to jump in here.    Mrs. Miller. But I have one other question for you, as well.    Mrs. Miller. Okay.    Mrs. Miller. But what do you make of the fact I mentioned in my opening state that after a recent terrorist attack in Europe, all of a sudden we received quite a bit of information of names that had previously not been on our radar screen here from some of the Visa Waiver countries? You were talking a little bit about these audits that the Department does and that you have been personally involved in. Maybe you can flesh that out a bit. What is your thought on that?    Mrs. Miller. Really in my last question, a comment really I guess, is that is part of our legislation, of course; is that we do give the Department of--the Secretary of Department of Homeland Security--tools is really what we are looking for. If we find that some of the Visa Waiver countries are not sharing information in the form that we need to be--to have our comfort level where it needs to be, that he has the ability to suspend these countries.    I don't know if any of you have any thought about that portion of our bill. Dr. Bucci.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you.    Chairman recognizes my Ranking Member.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you.    The Chairman now recognizes and welcomes to the committee Mr. Hurd, Will Hurd from Texas, who--the gentleman has spent over a decade as a covert officer in the CIA. We certainly with your background welcome you so much as a new freshman to our committee.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you.    The Chairman now recognizes the young lady from Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mrs. Miller. Without objection.    Mrs. Miller. Chairman now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Barletta.    Mrs. Miller. I thank the gentleman.    The Chairman now recognizes the gentlelady from Arizona, Martha McSally. We also appreciate her joining our committee. She has served in the Air Force for 26 years previous to coming from--coming to Congress. She was the first female pilot, fighter pilot to fly in combat, and the first to command a fighter squadron.    So we appreciate you joining our committee. We are looking forward to working with you.    Mrs. Miller. Chairman recognizes.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you very much.    Just following up on that for my closing comment here, I just wonder if there is any question that we have not asked the four of you, as you have all had a opportunity to review our bill. I am on a mission with this bill. We hope to mark it up and bring it to the full House, full floor at some point here shortly. So if there is something else that we should be doing in there, we would appreciate you telling us at this time, understanding that it is always going to evolve.    Mrs. Miller. Yes. Mr. Dow.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you. Anybody else?    Mrs. Miller. That is true.    Mrs. Miller. Do you have any suggestions on what we should call it?    Mrs. Miller. All right.    Mr. Jenkins, do you have any final comment?    Mrs. Miller. Okay. Well, thank you all, gentlemen. I certainly appreciate, the committee appreciates all of you being in attendance today and for your excellent testimony. I think we all learned a lot today. I know I have some ideas of what we want to do with this bill. So I want to thank you all.    Pursuant to Committee Rule 7(e), the hearing record will be held open for 10 days. Without objection, the committee stands adjourned.