    Mr. Costa. I am ready.    The Chairman. Mr. Costa, you are recognized.    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and members of the committee, for holding this hearing, although I must say that I find the discussion somewhat mind-numbing. Having been a part of similar hearings in the past, I can give the talking points for both sides.    I want to make some comments and an observation, and then I don't know if any of our witnesses would care to respond. Dr. Christy, who is here, actually he and I went to Fresno State University together just a few years ago, so I know him to be, obviously, well versed in his subject field.    But the themes, obviously, from my Republican colleagues, is that NEPA delays or prohibits development of projects on Federal lands, and it fosters litigation. And I believe some of that is true, there is no doubt about it. Of course, my Democratic colleagues point out that NEPA provides an opportunity for public input, it is a tool for the environmental justice, it saves money--sometimes, maybe, not so sure--and that the Obama administration is making an effort to modernize it--although that is in the eye of the beholder, of course.    Recently, effort on the actions to update to administrative guidance is the subject of six separate updates for guidance since 2010. Generally, the goals of NEPA, I think, are laudable. Public disclosure, increased access for communities most impacted by Federal action, that is laudable. Unfortunately, its litigation tools have provided an opportunity for some stakeholders to delay Federal action, and to litigate, litigate, and litigate--forcing Federal agencies to try to create these bullet-proof documents that are never, ever possible, it seems.    So, I guess my observation, or my comment, is this, and that is that the Majority continues to attack NEPA. I am not so sure it is helpful, in terms of changing it. The Minority's wholehearted endorsement, without recognizing the challenges, both in the statute itself, and, most importantly, how it is being utilized in the real world, I think, are equally unhelpful.    So, what Congress ought to be doing is working together on a bipartisan fashion to look at this after 45 years. President Nixon signed this into law in January 1970, a good Republican president. And, clearly, in 45 years, we have a lot of case history as to what we think has worked, and what are the problems with the current NEPA process. That is my comment and my observation, and that is why I find, once again, this discussion in this committee to be somewhat mind-numbing.    So, I don't know if any of the witnesses care to respond. Mind-numbing, that is when you numb the mind after you hear, and hear, and continue to re-hear talking points that both sides are very good at giving. I describe that as mind-numbing. So that is my observation, those are my comments, and I don't care--I mean I care, I would like to hear, I guess, if the witnesses have any instructive--instructive--comments on how we might get past our talking points.    Mr. Costa. The graduate of Fresno State University have any insights?    Mr. Costa. And I am praying every day.    Mr. Costa. That is where you think we ought to focus.    Mr. Costa. My time is expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Ranking Member.    The Chairman. You did say that mind-numbing is a social cost of carbon, right?    The Chairman. Mr. Hice.    Mr. Costa. It could be viewed that way.    The Chairman. Yes, OK. Mr. Hice.