    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank Mr. Halvorsen, General Ferrell, General Bender, and Dr. Zangardi, and also General Nally. Thank you all for appearing before the subcommittee today and all the work that you do to help our warfighters and the Pentagon be efficient and effective in the IT realm, and for all you do to serve our Nation.    It is one thing that hasn't changed the world of technology since our hearing last year on this topic is the importance of information systems to everything that we do as a nation. IT consumes a massive portion of our defense investment, and cyber continues to be a very high priority for the Department, as well it should be.    However, with this huge investment comes an equal responsibility to make sure that we are conducting proper oversight of those activities. And to that end, I look forward to hearing from the witnesses about the fiscal year 2016 budget request as it relates to our investment in cyberspace, and in securing and modernizing our information systems.    Specifically, Mr. Halvorsen, I would appreciate hearing how the Joint Information Environment , described as the framework for IT modernization, has evolved and has been implemented. I would also like to hear from each of the services about their understanding and implementation of JIE, i.e., either unilaterally or in conjunction with their sister services, and specific programs associated with this concept.    Conceptually, I support JIE, especially if it provides the ability to better defend the network against outside and insider threats. Yet there is still so much to understand about     This includes obtaining a solid definition and placing policy guidance associated with implementation, building structures for oversight and management within the Department. And perhaps most relevant today, since it is not an official program of record, building an understanding of how we in Congress can conduct our overseer responsibilities.    As part of this dialogue today, I also expect to hear how the Department will utilize the cloud for both classified and unclassified information, and leverage public, private, and government-owned structures.    Cyber is an extensively, extremely personnel-dominated mission space, and thus is a serious concern when the DOD is confronted with difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel. I hope the witnesses will take this opportunity to articulate the recruiting and retention challenges in depth, and provide recommendations on how the subcommittee can provide new authorities or other assistance in a National Defense Authorization Act to ensure that we have the best and the brightest cyber IT workforce.    Finally, under the leadership of Chairman Thornberry and Ranking Member Smith, the HASC is taking up acquisition reform. Our goal is to take a cumbersome process and make it more agile and flexible, allowing for the finest capabilities to be delivered to our warfighters on time and on budget.    An agile and flexible system is especially important for IT and cyber where technologies and enemy capabilities rapidly evolve and change, and multiple procurement cycles can exist within a single budget cycle. I hope our witnesses will speak to the authorities provided in last year's Defense Authorization Act and elaborate on what more we can do.    With that, again, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you for organizing this hearing, and to our witnesses for being here today. And I look forward to our discussion.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Again I want to thank our witnesses for your testimony today.    Mr. Halvorsen, in 2011 the commander of U.S. Cyber Command briefed the Joint Chiefs of Staff on the inability to see the entire DOD networks, and the risks associated with the limitation. In addition to providing more efficient and effective networks, the Joint Information Enterprise, JIE, initiative is intended to enable U.S. Cyber Command the visibility of the network required to defend it.    In your opinion, is the initiative moving towards that end state? Why or why not? And what official guidance has been provided to the services to ensure that end state?    Mr. Langevin. And, Mr. Halvorsen, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Cyber Command, the acquisition community, the services, and many other entities have a stake in JIE. What office, and who, is in charge of this mission?    Mr. Langevin. Okay.    And you described the Joint Regional Security Stack, JRSS, as the foundation of JIE. General Ferrell, you mentioned moving forward with JRSS with the Air Force and DISA, and Dr. Zangardi and General Nally, when will the Navy and Marine Corps move out with JRSS?    And Mr. Halvorsen, what is your view of the different services' timelines? What is each service's programmed investment through the next 5 years in JRSS? And is it equitable and a strategy allowing for the best bang for the buck?    Mr. Langevin. Anybody else got a comment?    Mr. Langevin. Thank you.