    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank the ranking member, and of course I thank the august body of witnesses who have appeared today. In my years on the committee, I don't think I have seen quite the number of financial stability heads assembled at one time for the purposes of questioning. So I thank you for being here.    Mr. Woodall, much has been made of the fact that you are the only person on the FSOC with insurance expertise. Incidentally, is that the only area that you claim expertise in? Do you claim expertise in other areas to this extent?    Mr. Green. So you don't claim expertise in banking but you are learning about it. Mr. Woodall, based upon what has been said, there seems to be an implication or an indication that only persons with insurance expertise should judge an insurance company. And I ask this because MetLife has appealed its case in this study that is file in a district court in the District of Columbia--Federal District Court. Do you think that judge ought to be an insurance expert to hear the MetLife case?    Mr. Green. I understand. I will continue to ask you questions and you will continue to have no response. Do you think that the jurors who will hear the MetLife case--if we do have a panel of jurors--will have to have insurance expertise?    Mr. Green. Of course not.    In fact, across the length and breadth of this country on a daily basis, we have jurors who are ordinary, everyday working people who hear complex cases involving antitrust, billions of dollars. In Texas, you had the Pennzoil case; there were lots of laypeople there hearing a case. People hear these cases all the time and make life-and-death decisions who don't have expertise in a given area that the case happens to be focused on.    Do you agree with this, Mr. Woodall?    Mr. Green. I think you do. Let me continue. It appears to me, Mr. Woodall, that the indication of only a person with expertise in a given area should be able to judge would lend itself to asking at least one question. Have you made any decisions with reference to banks since you have been on the     Mr. Green. But have you voted--have you had a vote on anything related to banks? Have you had a vote since you have been there on anything related to banks?    Mr. Green. Not as such. I don't have the time to drill down with that, Mr. Woodall. There is a way to get to the ``not as such'' answer, but I don't care to do it now. So have you voted as such on some things related to banks?    Mr. Green. I understand. So you have not recused yourself from issues related to banks? You have voted because you are a Phi Beta Kappa from Kentucky. And as a Phi Beta Kappa from Kentucky, you can understand these banking issues, can't you?    Mr. Green. And that leads me right to my next question. Thank you so much, Mr. Woodall.    My next question is this: If you believe that a person must have insurance expertise to sit in judgment of an insurance company on FSOC, raise your hand. If you think you only can do it if you have insurance expertise, raise your hand. Anyone? Let the record reflect, none.    But because I want the record to be perspicuously clear, let me ask the question another way. If you believe that you can sit in judgment of an insurance company and not be a Phi Beta Kappa from Kentucky, raise your hand, please. If you believe you can. All right.    Mr. Green. You are the only person who thinks that you have to be a Phi Beta Kappa from Kentucky. I see his hand didn't go up. So Mr. Woodall, I assume that I should now put in the record that you are a person who believes that you must be a Phi Beta Kappa from Kentucky before you can sit in judgment of an insurance company on FSOC? Should I put that in the record?    Mr. Green. Okay. That should go in the records. I am going to take it from that comment, Mr. Woodall, that you joined the rest of your colleagues and let the record should show there is unanimous consent that you don't have to be an insurance expert to sit in judgment of an insurance company.    Mr. Green. I am glad you said it, because some people have claimed that you are, so my assumption is that you don't know what you are.    Mr. Green. Okay. Well--Mr. Woodall--look, by the way, let me share this with you before I end. Mr. Woodall, I want to make this very clear: I love you.    Because sometimes it can appear that I don't love people because I have to ask the tough questions, and I regret that I didn't get to some other things. But God bless you, dear brother. I love you.