    Ms. Haas. Thank you. Chairman Graves, Ranking Member Wasserman Schultz, and members of the subcommittee, I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you regarding the operations of the Office of the Clerk and our fiscal year 2017 budget request. Thank you for providing the resources and guidance to allow us to continue to carry out our duties and responsibilities for the legislative and institutional operations of the House.    There is much to report since our last hearing. We have made great progress on our Web site redesign and expect a beta version to be available in January of 2017. The Web site will focus on our legislative responsibilities and have a robust search function that will include more advanced vote searches.    We have completed updates to the docs.house.gov. Web site, the financial disclosure electronic filing Web site, and an internal requisitions program. The requisitions project will streamline internal functions and make it easier to reconcile GPO billing.    We continue our efforts to make legislative information more accessible. I am proud to report that, working with our partners, the Bulk Data Task Force released bill status information in bulk form. This was a significant step forward and well received by those that use our data regularly.    Outreach to Members and committees regarding their records continues to be a priority. With the support of this subcommittee, we were able to make progress on the storage challenges we face for House records.    Working with the House Historian and his team, we have seen tremendous growth in the use of the history.house.gov Web site. This unique historical content is available to the public and used frequently by teachers and researchers.    The robust hearing schedules have increased the demands on our Official Reporters. I expect that these services and others provided by our office will continue to see growing demand.    With our professional staff and the support of this subcommittee, we are ready to meet those challenges.    Thank you for your time, and I am happy to answer any questions.    Ms. Haas. Sure. Well, the one challenge that we ran across this particular Congress was on the voting cards. The cards are old technology. They haven't been updated in the last 15 years. So it was difficult to get those cards. They no longer make those, so we had them specially made.    Ms. Haas. So the voting system itself, we have been going through a multiyear upgrade of the system. So the next part of that upgrade includes the voting stations, the cards, and then the wiring under the floor. All of the wiring needs to be upgraded.    Ms. Haas. It has not been done in quite a long time.    The stations themselves, another thing that we are looking towards updating, is in the most recent election we had two candidates that ran that were visually impaired. Our current system doesn't allow for visually impaired, doesn't assist them in any way. So we are looking at adding Braille type to the new stations.