    Chairman Loudermilk. The Subcommittee on Oversight and Energy will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recess of the Subcommittee at any time.    Good morning. I would like to thank our witnesses for being here today. I appreciate the witnesses' patience and understanding as we had to postpone this hearing from July. And I look forward to the testimony today that will help us examine the vulnerabilities of America's power supply.    Welcome to today's joint subcommittee hearing entitled ``Examining the Vulnerabilities of America's Power Supply.'' Due to time constraints and in the interest of allowing our witnesses to be heard and their questions answered, I will submit my opening statement for the record and I encourage others to do so as well.    Chairman Loudermilk. I now recognize the Ranking Member of the Oversight Subcommittee, the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer, for an opening statement.    Chairman Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Beyer. I appreciate that.    Now, I recognize the Chairman of the Energy Subcommittee, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Weber, for an opening statement.    Chairman Loudermilk. Thank you, Chairman Weber.    I now recognize the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Energy, the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Grayson, for an opening statement.    Chairman Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Grayson.    And is Ms. Johnson not here? Okay.    At this time I would like to introduce our witnesses. You don't have the option, okay, so--we wouldn't get anywhere if you guys follow suit, so we did this so you would have plenty of time.    Our first witness is Richard Lordan. He is the Senior Technical Executive of the Power Delivery & Utilization Sector at the Electric Power Research Institute.    Our next witness is Ms. Nadya Bartol--is the Vice President of Industry Affairs and Cybersecurity Strategist at Utilities Telecom Council where she works on UTC cybersecurity initiatives worldwide.    Our next witness is Dr. Daniel Baker. He is the Director of the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics at the University of Colorado Boulder. He is a distinguished professor of planetary and space physics and the Moog-BRE. Is that proper? Okay. Endowed Chair of Space Sciences at the university.    And our final witness is Dr. M. Granger Morgan. He is the Hamerschlag University Professor in the Department of Engineering and Public Policy at Carnegie Mellon University where he is also professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering.    Thank you all for being here and I now recognize Mr. Lordan for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Loudermilk. I now recognize Ms. Bartol for five minutes to present her testimony.    Chairman Loudermilk. Thank you, Ms. Bartol.    I now recognize Dr. Baker for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Loudermilk. Thank you, Dr. Baker.    I now recognize Dr. Morgan for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Loudermilk. First of all, let me thank the witnesses for their testimony. This is a very, very important issue to both of these subcommittees.    And Members are reminded that the committee rules limit questioning to five minutes, and the Chair recognizes himself for the first five minutes.    Ms. Bartol, I want to focus on you because I spent 30 years in the IT industry prior to coming to Congress, and as part of that, I actually worked with a lot of small utilities, municipal-owned utilities in automating a lot of their SCADA systems, providing fiberoptic connectivity and allowing them to be more automated in the control of substations, et cetera.    You had mentioned supply chain as part of your testimony, which is one of the areas of the concern with me. And I think you also mentioned a standardization. Is there any standard as far as configuration, what infrastructure components for a network looking at the cybersecurity side gateways, routers, security devices? Do you know, is there an industry standard or an accepted product list that we know that if a utility implements this type of product or this type of configuration, then it's approved, it would be more likely to be secure or that something that's lacking? And what's your comment as far as is what we need in standardization?    Chairman Loudermilk. Right. Is there a vulnerability there? And I'm coming from the equipment side because I know many of the especially small utilities will build the SCADA systems where they can control substations and different elements within that EMC or within that municipality. Then they'll connect it to the internet so their technicians can respond remotely without coming in.    We have seen that that's a huge vulnerability. When I was in the military, we had an approved products list that have been tested that says if you're going to do this--which that are going to happen, you know, given that's going to happen--if you use this product with this configuration, then you're going to more likely be secured, but I know that there's numbers of small utilities out there that can easily be--I know they are very vulnerable the nation.    Would a standardized equipment list that has been tested--because we also know that a lot of these guys go in and they will buy their equipment from eBay or wherever they can get it cheaper and I know at one time some foreign-made hardware is actually encoded in the firmware with holes, backdoors to allow people to get in. Is that something that you feel is needed? And also, I'd like Dr. Morgan to answer--I see that you're trying to respond.    Ms. Bartol, would you comment on that? Is that something that you feel is something that we should look at?    Chairman Loudermilk. Thank you. Dr. Morgan?    Chairman Loudermilk. Right.    Chairman Loudermilk. Yeah. Thank you. One last question, Ms. Bartol. You talked about legacy systems, and I've recently read that there's a physical or online attack once every four days, and I assume that is accurate. But when we are talking about going from a legacy system, which really what we're doing now is we're putting new technology on top--layering on top of the legacy system. When you're talking about going to a legacy system, I'm assuming you're talking about a smart grid type system. And part of that is the smart meters. Is there a vulnerability of having smart meters at home and what type of information are we gathering from that?    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. Thank you.    And I apologize to the Committee; I exceeded my time. I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer.    Chairman Loudermilk. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the Chairman of the Energy Subcommittee, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Weber.    Chairman Loudermilk. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Grayson, who is the Ranking Member on the Energy Subcommittee.    Chairman Loudermilk. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey.    Chairman Loudermilk. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter.    Chairman Loudermilk. Thank you. I recognize Mr. Rohrabacher----    Chairman Loudermilk. I believe we did in the very beginning, yes.    Chairman Loudermilk. Oh, thank you. I recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Chairman Loudermilk. Thank you. We'll keep that in consideration.    I now recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson.    Chairman Loudermilk. Well, this is a very important topic, and so we also have a gentleman from California, Mr. Takano, who is not a member of the subcommittee, but we appreciate his interest in being here. He's a member of the committee, and so I recognize you for the final five minutes.