    Mr. Posey. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, witnesses, for appearing today. And, Mr. Chairman, I thank you especially for holding this hearing. This issue is so vitally important to the national security of our country and I think possibly ultimately the survival of our species.    The New York Times had a bestseller for a while. It's called ``One Second After'' by William Forstchen. I assume you all have read that before?    Mr. Posey. Well, my next question was going to be could you find any inconsistencies with the reality in the book? The book allegedly was written based on a Congressional intelligence report on the EMP threat. And it's staggering.    Mr. Posey. Yes, sir.    Mr. Posey. Yes.    Mr. Posey. Okay. Dr. Baker mentioned the solar flare that we avoided. I think it crossed the path of our orbit about two weeks--if we had been about two weeks further ahead, it would have been very serious consequences. You talked about it being in trillions of dollars. Could you quantify that just in a couple of brief sentences, the kind of impact that would have had on everyday life?    Mr. Posey. What kind of damage do you think it would have been to our satellite systems?    Mr. Posey. I commend to you the book ``One Second After''----    Mr. Posey. --and----    Mr. Posey. The consequence, if it takes out enough satellites, you know, you don't have a weather report, you don't have a news report, you don't have a cell phone, you don't have a laptop----    Mr. Posey. --you don't have a car that works, you don't have--I mean you're just out of business----    Mr. Posey. --and it is very, very, very primitive. And the threat is real, as you mentioned. It's incredibly real.    Mr. Posey. Are any of you aware of any technology to more or less have a super--for lack of a better term--circuit breaker that can detect an EMP threat in advance and shut this system down whether it be on a satellite or on a generator? Are any of you aware of that?    Mr. Posey. Okay.    Mr. Posey. There is some----    Mr. Posey. There are people who now are working on a high-speed technology to detect it and super high-speed react to it but there just seems to be, believe it or not, no demand for it, which kind of amazes me but----    Mr. Posey. Sure.    Mr. Posey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'm out of time so thank you for your graciousness.