    Mr. Deutch. I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Attorney General Lynch, thanks so much for joining us and especially in light of the horrific attacks in Paris. And I know that the Department of Justice is doing everything that it can to help its French counterparts do their part to bring all of those responsible for these heinous terrorist acts to justice.    I also want to acknowledge the importance of the work that the Department of Justice does in keeping the American people safe. And, as we mourn with Paris, it's moments like these where we pull our own loved ones closer. And we trust that the Administration, including the Justice Department, and law enforcement and our intelligence community and the men and women who serve our country in uniform are doing all that they can to keep our people safe from the threat of terrorism, homegrown and abroad. And we're grateful for that.    We do face daily threats of another kind here at home, however, and I want to talk to you about the daily gun violence that claims nearly 1 American's life every hour of every day and over 32,000 per year.    Every day, dangerous individuals in the United States buy guns without completing any background check at all. And whether it's Dylann Roof, whose approval went through, who wound up murdering nine Americans at worship in Charleston during the summer, or whether it's gang members in Chicago, where more than 400 people have been killed by gun violence this year.    I've served, Madam Attorney General, on this House Judiciary Committee for over 5 1/2 years, and, in that time, gun violence has claimed the lives of over 150,000 Americans. But we haven't had a hearing on this gun violence, not on this Committee, not after Tucson, not after Aurora, not after Newtown, not after Roseburg.    The majority says, as the Chairman said just today again, that there's no reason to have a hearing. All we need to do is simply enforce the existing laws, we're told, and everything will get better.    And before going on to my specific question for you, I'm sure you would acknowledge that it was, I think, helpful to hear the Chairman say earlier that sometimes the National Instant Criminal Background Check doesn't have all the information that it needs.    And I would point out that after the Virginia Tech massacre, where that gunman's mental health record wasn't accessible and the court had declared him a danger to himself, he should never have been allowed to purchase a gun, Congress acted, that Congress acted, and passed legislation that was signed by President Bush that authorized over a billion dollars to States and territories to improve their recordkeeping and reporting to the National Instant Criminal Background Check system. Congress, however, has only allocated about 11 percent of all that money.    And so I would ask the Chairman, consistent with his views that there are some problems with existing law, that we work together to allocate the funds so that all of the information gets to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System so that it can actually work to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. That doesn't require a new law. It simply requires making sure we allocate the money, that we spend the money that Congress has authorized over the past several years.    Now, I do want to ask you, Madam Attorney General, about steps that can be taken. As you know, the gun lobbyists made it nearly impossible for the Federal Government to enforce some of our existing government laws. The Federal Government is barred from keeping records of gun sales for more than 24 hours. It's barred from denying a gun sale if a background check can't be completed within 72 hours. It's barred from electronically managing trace data, information about guns recovered at crime scenes and who sold them. Investigations into corrupt gun dealers, therefore, take months instead of minutes. It's barred from requiring gun dealers to keep inventories, logs, and their books in order. And it's barred from seeking assistance from other agencies like the FBI and the DEA.    So I reject the assertion that there's no room for improvement. Clearly, there is. And I'll continue to push for sensible gun safety measures like preventing suspects on our terrorist watchlist from buying guns, making interstate gun trafficking a Federal crime.    But, General Lynch, there may be ways, real ways, to strengthen background checks through Executive action--Executive action that could save lives.    Everytown Against Gun Violence recently issued a report on one potential action. Under current law, only people in the business of selling firearms have to conduct background checks. People who aren't in the business of selling firearms don't have to. But some of these people who technically aren't sellers and don't work in the business sell hundreds of guns a year, without background checks, at gun shows, online, or out of car trunks.    We have to better define the language. Couldn't we set a number for how many gun sales it takes to be in the business of selling guns? And has your office explored that possibility, and are you considering a threshold like that to define who would be technically engaged in the business?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, with respect to the serious issue of gun violence, the Department is certainly pursuing all of our enforcement actions that we do have under existing law. And, certainly, it would always be useful to have additional resources for our ATF to allow them to fully investigate everything that we need and that comes under our purview.    With respect to the question that you've raised as to a statutory definition, I believe the statute is going to define that at this time. But, certainly, the Department of Justice and ATF are committed to rigorous enforcement of that statute.    Mr. Deutch. All right.    To the extent that there is an opportunity for Executive action that can be taken to help define something that is undefined in statute, is that something that you are looking at?    Or let me just simply, since I'm out of time, encourage you to take a hard look at that, because that would be a meaningful step that could help, again, ensure that the background checks that should be completed, even without additional legislation, are, in fact, completed. I hope you'll consider that seriously.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.