    Chairman HANNA. We will be called to votes, but I am confident that if they have not done it yet, they will do it in about 15 minutes. But the way it works is you still have--it takes quite a while to get through it, through the vote series, and we will probably be able to get the testimony of all of you, I think. We will certainly try, if that is all right with Congressman Takai. We will try that and we will just see how it goes.    I have an opening statement and a gavel that Emily is about to remind me I have to hit.    I want to thank you all for being here, incidentally, and apologize in advance for the nature of these meetings. We have no control over when they call votes, and if we did, it would not matter because everybody would have a different time.    So I will call this hearing to order, and I have an opening statement.    Good morning. Every June since I have been chairman of this Subcommittee, we have held a meeting of the General Services Administration, the GSA. This has not been by design but because every year they come out with a new idea that threatens the viability of small contractors.    Unfortunately, 2015 is no exception. Today, we will talk about the recent proposed rule to improve transparency into federal contracting. While I fully support any effort to give citizens and small business greater confidence in how their tax dollars are spent, this is a case of the cure being worse than the disease.    As one witness will testify, in its first year, this rule will cost twice as much as the total value of the federal contracts awarded. The price tag could be $800 billion. The proposed rule could mean that small businesses would need to have one employee spend three months a year just entering data. Keep in mind, this is data the government already has but does not collect centrally. While I am all in favor of creating jobs, I do not think forcing small businesses to hire employees to provide data a second time is a worthwhile use of their dollars or tax dollars, because somebody has got to pay for this.    Finally, despite what GSA says, we will end up paying for this new rule. Data is not free. Businesses will decide it is better to sell independently of GSA, which will improve the government's cost to buy, or the small businesses will drop out of the federal market altogether, decreasing competition. In fact, we have already lost over 100 small contractors in the past two years. We cannot afford to exacerbate the problem.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today about the effects of GSA's proposed rule and any alternative they would suggest to improve how the government buys whatever it buys.    I now yield to the ranking member for his opening statement.    Chairman HANNA. Thank you.    If Committee members have an opening statement, I ask that they be submitted for the record. And as you know, you have five minutes. We want to hear what you say, so we will be a little bit--I will be a little bit flexible on that, or try to be.    We have one panel today. Our first witness is Sheila Armstrong, who is a partner with the law firm of Morgan Lewis and Bockius LLP. Bockius, is that how you pronounce it?    Chairman HANNA. Bockius. In Dallas, Texas. She also served as co-chair of the Commercial Products and Services Committee, one of the committees of the American Bar Association's Public Contract Law Section.    Ms. Armstrong, you may begin. Thank you.    Chairman HANNA. Thank you.    Our second witness today is Mr. John Stanford, who is vice president of NextWin Services. NextWin assists commercially successful small businesses enter and grow into the federal market.    You may begin, Mr. Stanford. Thank you.    Chairman HANNA. Thank you, Mr. Stanford.    Next, we have Mr. Roger Waldron, who is president of the Coalition of Government Procurement. Believe it or not, we have time. We can break now but I think we do have time to get through. As you can see, there are 400 people who have not shown up yet. So you may begin. Thank you.    Chairman HANNA. Thank you. And I think because votes are going on and Congressman Takai is going to introduce our next witness, then we would like to get some questions in, it is probably an appropriate time to break, adjourn for a few minutes. It will probably be 20 minutes because this vote has to go through, and as you can see, no one is quite there yet. Almost no one. And there is one vote after this. So I would guess 20 minutes will do it.    Thank you, and relax.    Chairman HANNA. Thank you.    I am going to ask Ranking Member Takai if he would like to ask the first questions since we have no other--okay, I will be happy to.    It really seems like GSA and everyone else are living in alternate universes. Often, you go to a hearing and you really have questions. It seems like this is so, on its face, a bad idea. I wish that GSA was here to defend this. It would be a much more interesting conversation, but I do not think it would be any more helpful since the preponderance of this is that they do not want to do it because it is too expensive for them, and yet they are asking you to do it, which clearly, even if you took the numbers that are suggested and cut them in half, you would have to say it is not worth it, particularly since they already have the information and they simply have to use it the way they want to use it.    In my time as chairman of the Subcommittee, I have seen GSA demand based efficiency models, their strategic sourcing model, the acquisition hallways and category management embraced by GSA. Now, we are in transitional data.    Mr. Waldron, it seems that there is something bigger going on at GSA. I know you monitor this agency. Maybe you can give us some idea of what you think is driving this, what appears to be counterproductive, harmful to small business, widely expensive, and pointless.    Chairman HANNA. Not to put words in your mouth.    Chairman HANNA. So is it safe to say that all these reforms cost money and push people out of the market, add to bureaucracy but do not help the process, and at the end of the day actually cost more?    Chairman HANNA. This is not anecdotal evidence. This is something better than that.    Chairman HANNA. Thank you.    I yield to Ranking Member Takai.    Chairman HANNA. Mr. Horan--Hardy? Excuse me.    Chairman HANNA. I yield to Ranking Member Takai.    Chairman HANNA. Do you mean to say--is that not in a strange way collusion, knowing someone else's price and calling someone else and saying--another bidder for the same item and saying, ``You are too high, lower your price''? I mean, it is a harsh word but----    Chairman HANNA. So they are asking for something that they are not prepared to take from a group of contractors who will incur enormous expense and ultimately GSA would also incur an enormous expense to accept this, and yet already admits it does not have the capacity really to use it. Is that fair?    Chairman HANNA. Well, we have unanimity here today everywhere.    If there are no further questions for these witnesses, I want to thank all of them for being here today, and thank you for patience during votes.    When drafting this rule, GSA clearly did not understand the burden it was creating for small contractors. I am going to send a transcript of this hearing to GSA and to the Office of Internal Government Regulatory Affairs. I hope the GSA will either abandon this approach and start over or seriously rework the rule before it becomes final. This is an issue the Subcommittee will be monitoring and will continue to monitor, and we look forward to having another opportunity to meet with you if that is important.    I ask unanimous consent that members have five legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    This hearing is now adjourned. And thank you again.