    Mr. Bucci. Madam Chairman, Members, my name is Steven Bucci. I am the director of the Allison Center at Heritage. The views I express in this testimony are my own and should not be construed as representing any official position of the Heritage Foundation.    I spent a majority of my life in the military. I retired as an Army colonel, having served as a defense attache in several embassies and having served as a commander in special forces fighting terrorism. I also served as the deputy assistant secretary of defense for homeland defense for several years.    I will focus on two aspects of the VWP; the security and foreign policy pieces. News of European passport holders joining ISIS created concern about radicalized Western fighters abusing the program to engage in terrorism. This is a poor reason to scale back or end this program. The VWP promotes security. The ISIS threat only emphasizes the importance of its intel-sharing requirements.    Currently, the nations participating are required to share intelligence about known or suspected terrorists, exchange biographic, biometric, and criminal data, share information on lost and stolen passports, increase airport security, and provide reciprocal travel without a visa.    I have included a graphic in my written testimony. It shows side-by-side the ways a VWP traveler interfaces with the U.S. Government systems and the way a non-VWP traveler does. The bottom line is there are only two steps that are differences of note, two things that are skipped by a VWP traveler. The first is the face-to-face interview with Consular Services. The second is the pre-travel input of biometric data.    While I am not here to criticize the fine young folks who work at the consular desks in our embassies, but I have been there in several of them. About 25 percent of those face-to-face interviews are done by first-tour foreign service officers right out of training. They are not intel or law enforcement experts. The remaining 75 percent of the face-to-face interviews are done by foreign service nationals, local hires under the general supervision of our consular personnel.    In the VWP, we lose that step. But in return, we get the enhanced information sharing with the host nation law enforcement and intel services and access to their databases of potentially dangerous persons. As a former HUMINT collector and Green Beret, I am pretty comfortable saying that we get a lot more protection and security from that info sharing than we do from those face-to-face interviews, an incomparably greater amount of protection and security.    The second skipped step, frankly, is also a wash. We lose the pre-travel biometric input. But in return, as mentioned, all the VWP travelers have to travel with a machine-readable, biometrically-tagged passport, which is checked at their arrival point so we basically make up for that lost step. In short, the VWP gives us better security, not less.    With regard to foreign policy, we have treaty allies right who are not allowed into the VWP because they have not reached the 3 percent or less visa refusal rate and DHS no longer has the authority to waive it up to 10 percent. This is mistake. Given the many benefits of the VWP, the United States should be examining how to increase the membership judiciously. DHS should be allowed to waive the 3 percent limit, and Congress should add a low visa overstay rate, a better metric, which uses the country's overstay rates as a measure of how their citizens respect the terms of their entry into the United States.    While such permanent reform would be ideal, Congress could at least seek to return the waiver authority to DHS on a short-term or one-time basis, allowing the Secretary to accept treaty allies such as Poland into the VWP as long as their visa refusal rate were below that 10 percent mark. Such an action would help the United States economically, improve security, and remind our allies, especially those like Poland that face an ever-more aggressive Russia, that the United States stands with them.    The administration should be asked to provide the committee a list of countries that are in that category and whose general behavior and cooperation warranted for inclusion in the VWP. It should be done quickly and should be heralded as just what it is; a reward for positive behavior. But it is a reward that also benefits the United States greatly. Thank you.    Mr. Bucci. Just that any of the countries with which we have treaty alliances, that we are willing to fight together with against a common enemy, should at least be considered for this program. They should meet the standards and preferably have the waiver ability to the higher standard. Because we think that visa refusal rates is not necessarily the best measure of it. We think having a accurate overstay rate metric would be better. Not--and I know the committee really likes the biometric exit thing. We would love to see biometric exit, if we could get the administration to start counting the overstay rate at all, even with the current methodologies, then the expense of a biometric exit would be I think worthwhile.    Right now, until we can get them to do that, adding the biometric requirement, it would be another really expensive program that the administration wasn't using. So I like the idea. But we have got to get the administration to actually do the overstay counting and enforce it. If we could add those things, I think there are several countries that we could get in here that would have great benefit geopolitically in addition to the security.    I love the economic part. But you know what, if it really hurt the security, I would say bag the economics. They agree with me. But it is--right now, it actually helps security. So we should--you know, you don't often get those two coming together. It is nice to utilize it when it does.    Mr. Bucci. Yes, ma'am. I think that is a great idea. They should have that tool. Countries measure their interests in different ways at different times, and they sometimes shift. We saw an explosion of information sharing post-9/11. Everybody realized holy smoke, we really need to get on this. It got much better. Didn't get perfect. After the Charlie Hebdo attacks in France, several of our allies, maybe we should be sharing a little more than we were. They are. That will continue.    But I think having the Secretary of DHS, having that ability to have a stick in addition to a carrot is useful. Used wisely, should keep that level of information sharing high.    Mr. Bucci. Well, it kind of depends on the bilateral agreements. Info-sharing traditionally is done bilaterally. When I was the attache in Albania, we established an info-sharing regime with them. It was not as intense as this. It was not as routinized as this. So you would have to go across the whole country, Congressman, our whole world, looking at each individual bilateral agreement.    Friendly countries, we usually have some sort of info-sharing or intelligence-sharing arrangement with them. Some it is very little. Some it is pretty extensive. This is probably one of the broadest compilations of information sharing that you will find, other than the very specific, like the Five Eyes is kind of relationships that we have with those very specific countries.    But this is tailored to take care of the traveler, the information that DHS needs to find someone who is traveling with mal-intent. I think that the various programs that are illustrated on that graphic I referred to are pretty extensive, are pretty well-selected to give DHS the information it needs. If it needs to call on other parts of the U.S. Federal Government, fine. But this is a--the Visa Waiver Program gives them a pretty enormous set of tools to find the bad guys if they are coming in this way.    Mr. Bucci. The last report, Congressman, said that pretty much all of the participating members in the program had now vastly improved in their information sharing and were trending to reaching a level where they needed to be. That is because not everyone is there yet. That is one of the reasons why we support the giving the Secretary that ability if somebody backs off on that, that he has that stick.    So they are moving in the right direction. I think we can comfortably say now that all 38 members are sharing information. Some are sharing a little more than others. But they are all moving in the positive direction.    Mr. Bucci. No. It is not 100 percent equal across the board.    Mr. Bucci. I think we should remove them if they are not meeting that. But I think at that point today that DHS would tell you, and the GAO most recent reports would say, that everyone is reaching that standard. Now, as I say, some are sharing even more. But some of those are countries like the United Kingdom that we have had long-standing intel-sharing agreements that go way beyond anything that is in this program.    So the ones that are exceeding those things--the others are not gonna reach the standard that the United Kingdom has. We don't share that kind of information with them. So at this point, I would agree if there were someone who was being very recalcitrant, not sharing the information--and then the last part, Congressman, I will throw out. In some cases we don't know what they are not sharing. We found out with France all of the sudden hey, they had a whole bunch of people that they were watching that they hadn't told us about. I don't think it was any mal-intent there. They felt that those people didn't rise to the level that they needed to share it. After Charlie Hebdo they realized yes, that was a bad call, they needed to be sharing that. Now they are.    So this kind of thing--and I will be honest with you, the other aspect is that some of this is the result of Mr. Snowden and the revelations that came out there that kind of put a little frost on info-sharing with some of our friendly countries that Charlie Hebdo I think blew the frost off a lot of them and they decided yes, maybe we didn't like that, but we have got to move forward on this to protect ourselves and for them to protect themselves.    Mr. Bucci. Just real quickly, a lot of the overstays, Congressman, are, you know, students and people here on work visas. Not the VWP kind of travelers who are here for short-term business meetings or vacation. The problem there is you have got to get those institutions who have sponsored those people, either the companies that have hired them or the universities that have accepted them to let you know when they disappear.    Until we get that system going--and I know it has been years and years, and they don't seem to want to get them to do that. That is what really drives your overstay rates for the overall system up tremendously. It is really not the VWP folks.    Mr. Bucci. Just that this kind of thing never stops. This is gonna be a process we are gonna have to continue to improve as we get better computer analysis capability tying in these other databases. This stuff is gonna go on. This is not something that you pass the law today and we are done. As much as Americans like those kind of solutions, in this case that is not one of those situations.    Mr. Bucci. Madam Chairman, I would just say that, you know, what you are doing is right. This is something that vitally affects our security and our economy and our relations with other countries. It warrants the Congressional oversight you are giving it. It is gonna be something that is gonna continually evolve, and should. So the positive way that your committee is looking at this and trying to approach the situation I think is the right answer. We need to keep at this. Because the bad guys are continuing to work at it. We need to, as well.    Mr. Bucci. So true.