    Mr. Taylor. Chairman McCaul, Ranking Member Thompson, and distinguished Members of the committee, I am pleased to be here today with my colleagues from the FBI and NCTC to discuss the foreign fighter threat and our current efforts to disrupt terrorist travel.    I would be remiss if I did not highlight one of the biggest threats to the security of our homeland, the lack of funding for the Department of Homeland Security.    Given the myriad of threats facing the homeland, it is imperative that Congress pass a full-year DHS appropriations bill for 2015. As long as the Department operates under a CR, there are a whole series of activities vital to homeland security and public safety that the Department just cannot do. The men and women of DHS need a partner in Congress to fund their efforts. Time is running out, and I urge Congress to pass a full-year appropriations bill for this Department as soon as possible.    The foreign fighter threat continues to be a security threat to the United States and our allies. Events in Australia, Canada, and most recently in France and Belgium underscore that the foreign fighter threat is no longer a problem restricted to foreign conflict zones, such as northern Syria and western Iraq.    At present, we are unaware of any specific, credible, or imminent threat to the homeland. However, recent events have demonstrated the need for increased vigilance, both at home and abroad. That said, the foreign fighter threat is constantly evolving as well as developing new tactics in recruitment that we have not previously seen before.    The Islamic State of Iraq and Levant, commonly referred to as ISIL, exhibits a very sophisticated propaganda capability. ISIL's use of multi-media content has enhanced the appeal of its terrorist organization. This propaganda encourages supporters to carry out attacks, and such attacks could be conducted without specific direction from ISIL with little or no warning.    To address this very threat, counter violence extremism in the homeland, and to guard against the domestic lone offender, Secretary Johnson has directed the DHS to build on our partnerships with our State, local, and local law enforcement partners in ways that enhance its community relationships and builds resilience to violent extremism.    The Secretary recently appointed a CVE coordinator to oversee the various CVE programs and efforts across our Department. Additionally, since September 2014, Secretary Johnson has personally participated in direct engagement efforts with critical stakeholders in Chicago, Columbus, Ohio, Minneapolis, Los Angeles, and Boston to discuss how DHS can best support local efforts to counter violent extremism and address the foreign terrorist fighters.    DHS CVE efforts are designed to share information with communities and local officials, to raise vigilance on behavioral indicators that may link to radicalization to violence. The DHS program also focuses on empowering communities and local law enforcement to develop intervention and prevention efforts at the local level.    The White House plans to host a CVE summit on February 18, 2015. It will focus on both domestic and international CVE efforts. Prior to the summit, DHS will host an event for domestic stakeholders on February 17 at the White House, while a second affiliated event, specifically for international partners, will be hosted by the Department of State on February 19.    Let me now turn to the specific efforts DHS is undertaking to identify, address, and minimize the foreign fighter threat to the United States and to our allies. Beginning in July 2014, DHS required enhanced screening at selected overseas airports with direct flights to the United States. Weeks later, DHS added additional airports to this list with the United Kingdom and other countries following similar enhancements to their required aviation security operations.    TSA, as directed by Secretary Johnson is also conducting an immediate short-term review to determine if additional security screening measures are necessary at both domestic, and overseas, last-point-of-departure airports. DHS is also exploring the possibility of expanding PRE--pre-clearance operation at foreign airports with flights to the United States.    Currently, CBP has pre-clearance operations at 15 airports in six countries, and, where appropriate, CBP intends to enter into negotiations to expand air pre-clearance operations at new locations. The Department continues to work closely with our European partners through the U.S.-E.U. Passenger Name Records Agreement to transfer passenger name records information to DHS by airlines that are subject to the E.U. data protection laws.    In addition, DHS uses close partnerships with countries in the Visa Waiver program and the five-country ministerial to improve respective abilities to identify illicit travel. Just this past November, the Secretary increased the data fields that are collected from Visa Waiver countries where visas are not required for entry into the United States, and to provide additional passport data, contact information, and other potential names or aliases in the travel application submitted under the electronic system for travel authorization before they can travel to the United States.    DHS is increasing efforts to track those who enter and leave Syria and may later seek to travel to the United States without a State Department-issued visa. The terrorist threat is dynamic, and those who operate individually as a part of terrorist organizations will continue to challenge our security measures and our safety.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to end my statement there, and I look forward to the questions from the committee.    Mr. Taylor. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Certainly, as you indicate, one of our major on-going concerns is a foreign terrorist fighter on an airline coming to the United States from a last-point-of-departure airport. As I indicated in my remarks, we have taken action since July to ramp up security of our aircraft at those locations around Europe and in the Middle East and elsewhere, where we assess there is a potential for those individuals to try to exploit airplane travel to get to the United States.    In addition, the Secretary has directed additional requirements under the ESTA, the Visa Waiver program, to strengthen the amount of data that we have to assess against our community records within both DHS and within the intelligence community, so we can spot and assess--spot individuals who may be involved in nefarious activity.    I would say that we are all concerned that we only know what we know. Ramping up our work with our European partners and other partners around the world has certainly increased since the attacks in Paris. I was just in London last week with the Five Country Ministerial. There is a clear understanding that sharing of information on these individuals across all of our five country partners is critical to the ability to detect.    We now have, and I would ask Nick to speak a little bit to it, within NCTC the capacity to begin to track these individuals that we are getting data on from across the world. That gives us a better confidence that if someone were to try to circumvent our security systems, we would at least be able to know who they were and what they were trying to accomplish.    That is not a perfect system yet, we continue to add to it today. I just saw a report this morning, so it continues to grow, but the cooperation with our European partners has been significantly enhanced in the course of the last 6 months.    Mr. Taylor. Sir, I am not in a position to agree with the policy, that is really under the offices of the Secretary of State and his response----    Mr. Taylor. We are concerned about any group of people coming to the United States who may be coming to the United States for nefarious purposes. Therefore, under our CIS responsibilities, want to make sure that if we are asked to vet individuals from any part of the world to come to the United States, that we have applied the most rigorous screening that is available within the U.S. Government.    I think we have learned that lesson in the past, and so any tasking we are given from a Departmental point of view with our intelligence community partners will be as thorough as we can make it to make sure----    Mr. Taylor. Yes, sir, it is.    Mr. Taylor. Sir, I have had a conversation with the BENS leadership. We don't agree with that assumption. We believe the enterprise partnership that we have with the FBI is as strong and as effective as it can be today, especially adding the information that is available through the NCTC.    So, no, we do not agree. Things can be better. We work at making it better every day, but the lack of an enterprise approach I don't think is a fair assessment of where we are today.    Mr. Taylor. Certainly, sir. Certainly, sir, and not a total list, but for example, nearly $2.6 billion in funding for new grants, including $103 billion in homeland security grants and $680 million in foreign fighters assistance grants cannot be approved--disseminated under the current continuing resolution.    One hundred ninety million dollars in new upgrades for remote and mobile--video surveillance along the Rio Grande Valley to enhance our detection capability there. One hundred forty-two million dollars in Secret Service protective activities as we are get into the election cycle. So, there is a long list of things that we are precluded from doing and investing in without a full funding bill from the Congress.    Mr. Taylor. Sir, I can't speak spec--we are continuing to enhance our security efforts at facilities across the country, Federal facilities that we are charged with protecting. Specifics on whether or not FPS would be able to continue that, I would have to take that as a question and get back to you.    Mr. Taylor. Yes, sir.    Mr. Taylor. Let me speak first, sir, to the nature of how we monitor broken travel. It is a concern. People can book a flight to an end-destination, and stop at an end-point and go other places. We understand that phenomenon.    We are able to use our travel data to better spot those instances when they occur. As I mentioned earlier, taking that information and bouncing it against the other holdings within the community to better understand the phenomenon. It is not perfect yet. It continues to refine, but it is an issue that we now understand how that works and use our travel security tools to monitor it most effectively.    Mr. Taylor. Sir, I would say that the privacy concerns in Europe are significant, and not just in this area of sharing terrorism information, but in all aspects of how private information is shared for business, for Government and elsewhere.    The Chairman referred to it earlier. There are now new laws in several countries, particularly in the five I's about enhancing that sharing. There is a discussion at the European Union this week about EUPNR, which we are encouraged by and hope that the European parliament will move forward to pass a European-wide PNR requirement that allows for that data to be collected across Europe and shared across the European Union.    We think that will be a big step, but we also think if that doesn't work, then we can work bilaterally with individual countries to share data. The important thing for us is using every tool in our toolkit to get the information shared between us and our partners, and back and forth. There is not one set of processes that are going to do that, but we are going to use every tool in the toolkit to make sure those relationships work and work effectively.    Mr. Taylor. Sir, I think our communication is robust with our allies across the world on this particular issue. It is not perfect. Certainly, the challenges within the Schengen zone in terms of free travel once an individual gets into Schengen and is able to move is understood by the European Union. Hence the discussions about PNR and other sorts of data exchanged between the Schengen zone countries to better remedy that particular circumstance that you describe.    It is not perfect yet, but I think they recognize the security deficit that is created--cross-border movement that is allowed within the Schengen zone at this point in time and are looking at ways in which they can remedy that. But I would tell you that the bilateral and multilateral engagement on this issue of foreign fighters and sharing of data is daily and consistent and robust.    Mr. Taylor. Sorry, you are correct that this individual who later committed a suicide attack in Syria did return to the United States from Syria without our knowledge, and I think without--was not under an FBI investigation. It was only after his suicide attack that we learned of his activity.    I think that incident really reinforced our understanding of the need to have better intelligence on what was going on in Syria.    Mr. Taylor. What has changed is our better understanding of how these people move, where they move, working with our foreign partners in terms of sharing intelligence, understanding the intelligence that is coming out and the communications patterns that are going on that perhaps weren't as robust.    Mr. Taylor. I think I would share that with the FBI in terms of what the FBI has done in addition to what DHS has done. In terms of----    Mr. Taylor. Sir, we have extensively changed our methodology for tracking travel across the world, to the United States and out of the United States to these sorts of locations. In working with our intelligence partners across the world to better identify the linkages between potential Americans and others----    Mr. Taylor. Yes, sir.    Mr. Taylor. We describe it as radical extremism.    Mr. Taylor. Certainly, sir. Secretary Johnson has spoken to that point, and as we have spoken during our testimony today that the threat that we face is evolving and changing. He needs the flexibility to adjust tactics and techniques as this threat evolves under the current issues. With the continuing resolution he does not have that flexibility.    I would add one other thing. Before this committee, and before the authorizing committees, or the intelligence committees, as I came on board, one of the major issues discussed was the issue of morale. We have 220,000 employees in our Department who every day come to work to try to secure this country. It sends a terrible signal, in my view, to them and their responsibility when the Congress has not fully funded the effort that they are charged with accomplishing.    So, not only from an ability to react to the changing nature of the threat, we have a challenge in our Department in ensuring our people understand that we support them and that they are going to get----    Mr. Taylor. Sir, you mean the stalemate within the----    Mr. Taylor. Of course our Visa Waiver program agreements are with individual countries.    Mr. Taylor. We are looking to strengthen within that bilateral relationship the exchange of information under the Visa Waiver program. So, we would love to see the European parliament come through and decide to do this across Europe, but that will not dissuade us from engaging bilaterally on the information exchanges that we think we need to----    Mr. Taylor. Sir, certainly, State Department has the lead, but our Department has been engaged with the Turks on very specific border security and other discussions to try to push forward more cooperation in that regard, and that is continuing. The Turks will be here for the CVE summit. Those engagements will continue. But as Director Rasmussen mentioned, it is a challenge at this point. But we see lights of cooperation beginning to flow in ways that we, I think, will want to explore going forward with them.    Mr. Taylor. Yes, ma'am. In October, we added six additional data elements that were required for all--and I don't have the specific ones, I can get them to you--that would broaden the data elements that have to been filled in in an ESTA application that comes to us before the travel is accomplished.    That has allowed us to do more thorough screenings against our databases of those people who would come in from Visa Waiver countries. We are considering additional adjustments both bilaterally and across our entire program that are now being discussed in our Department to continue to strengthen the security of the Visa Waiver program and not to give us better confidence, more confidence here on the Hill and elsewhere that the security of that program is as effective as it can be.    Miss Rice. In terms of oversight, how is that we ensure that every country that is part of the Visa Waiver program is actually keeping up with the standards that we need in order for us to get the information that we need?    Mr. Taylor. Well, we do biannual reviews on the ground in those countries, of every Visa Waiver country. One of the things we are discussing is whether we should do that annually, as opposed to biannually. There are other things that we are discussing to strengthen our confidence that what we believe is happening in those countries is indeed happening. There will be more to come on that in the future as those deliberations continue.    Miss Rice. Okay. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Speaker. Thank you.    Mr. Taylor. Sir, I think the point the Secretary has made and I have tried to make here today is that working under the CR limits our flexibility in investing in the threats as they evolve over time, and our grant funding, and our ability to respond--to add money to the Secret Service for additional protection, and those sorts of issues.    So, I can't speak specifically to a specific foreign fighter aspect, but in the day and age that we work and live from a security perspective, the Secretary believes very strongly that in order to protect the homeland, we need the flexibility to invest in the new threats as they are evolving. Under the current system, he doesn't have that flexibility to direct his forces to execute in that manner.    Mr. Taylor. New funding for programs, funding for continuing grants, funding----    Mr. Taylor. Yes, sir.    Mr. Taylor. The schedule to brief the Secretary is this week by TSA. The idea behind this--the thing Secretary Johnson has charged us all with is thinking outside of the box.    Mr. Taylor. We apply security directives, we see the effect of those security directives every week when we have our counterterrorism meeting. His last question is: Are we thinking out of the box, and what else could we be doing to be more effective? That is what he has charged TSA to give him some ideas back that he will decide in terms of how those things might be better implemented to--across both domestically and internationally.    Mr. Taylor. Yes, sir.    Mr. Taylor. Absolutely.    Mr. Taylor. Well, simply put in a football analogy, we would rather play defense on their one-yard line than on our one-yard line, and right now, without pre-clearance, the clearance happens here in the United States and not at the overseas airport.    So, the extent to which we have pre-clearance agreements with governments across the country, we can put Homeland Security personnel in those airports, conduct the screening using our databases at their 1-yard line, and be more effective, we think, in preventing people from getting on airplanes, coming to our country. Rather than finding them here and having to send them back.    Mr. Taylor. We are really speaking to the expanding of ESTA and our ESTA data requirements, as one of the earlier Members asked, we have expanded that by six. We are looking at whether or not we should expand it even further so that we have better data upon which to vet against our databases.    Mr. Taylor. No, no, sir. It expands your capacity to do it with more data elements.    Mr. Taylor. Yes, sir.    Mr. Taylor. I would add, sir, that every person that comes to the United States on an aircraft or ship is vetted against our holdings. There is no one that comes here that doesn't get that kind of screening. It is the--whether it is a visa screening or an ESTA screening, that may be a bit different in terms of whether an interview is conducted and that sort of thing, but everyone gets screened against the databases that are available to our country.    Mr. Taylor. Ma'am, I would add, and certainly associate myself with all of the comments that Nick has been made, we believe one of the empowering organizations is our fusion centers and training of our State and local police officers who are the first responders, who are going to be the first level of defense, if you will, in spotting some of this behavior in addition to what happens within the community awareness area.    So, it is a combination of empowering the community in terms of what to look for and having our police officers better understand this phenomenon and what they may see on the street on a day-to-day basis in their encounters with citizens. Community policing officers who are involved in day-to-day activities within communities across our country also need to have that kind of an understanding.    I think, Assistant Director Steinbach mentioned it, it is almost like the D.A.R.E. program, where you go to get to the basics of everybody understanding what the issue is and filling the knowledge base so that people when they see it, that is where, ``See something, Say something'' can really make a difference in identifying these sorts of issues before they become bigger problems.    Mr. Taylor. Actually, sir, the period of the ESTA approval can be upwards of 3 years, depending on the country. So once an ESTA is submitted, then the period that that ESTA is valid can be between 1 and 3 years.    Mr. Taylor. In terms of?    Mr. Taylor. Right now, we have a Visa Waiver with 28 countries across the country--across the world. In each of those cases, we have a bilateral relationship with those countries about how we exchange data and for what purposes. More broadly, other countries have to get visas through the State Department for the purposes of traveling to----    Mr. Taylor. Oh, absolutely. That is the job of our Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Part of being in the Visa Waiver program is the requirement that your visa overstays be somewhere in the less than 1 percent level. So we are pretty confident in the countries that we have Visa Waiver programs with that the level of this type of activity by their citizens in our country is minimal, compared to the level of activity that may be evident in other countries, where visa overstays are a bigger issue.    Mr. Taylor. Absolutely.    Mr. Taylor. We have processes to try to make sure that those people who are in this country for longer then their visa period are tracked down and escorted away.    Mr. Taylor. Ma'am, we are in the process of reviewing the procedures for an orderly shut-down of the Department. I can't say specifically the number of people, since I--people who work for me are primarily in the National security arena and are exempt from this. But there will be an impact in terms of people who are not directly involved in National security.    Also, I would reinforce a comment I made earlier. There are going to be people who are working but not paid.    Mr. Taylor. This is a morale challenge in a Department that is morale-challenged going forward. So----    Mr. Taylor. Absolutely.    Mr. Taylor. I am not personally involved, but our Departmental management folks are working----    Mr. Taylor. Absolutely.    Mr. Taylor. Absolutely.    Mr. Taylor. Ma'am, I would say that within the Muslim communities around our country, they are concerned, as are all Americans, about this kind of behavior among people within their community, and they want to address it. They want to understand it better and to have the tools to address it.    I have noted--I have been out with the Secretary on a couple of these. There are concerns about discrimination on the part of those communities and how they are are treated in certain other ways, but there is no lack of commitment in those communities to get at extremism among their children, among people in those communities, because they see that as inconsistent with their responsibilities of being Americans and living the American dream in our country.    So I have noted--I don't think we have noted a major lack of effort among those communities to recognize this phenomenon and how it impacts those communities and not wanting the tools to help them address them proactively.    Mr. Taylor. Billion.    Mr. Taylor. Ma'am, I can't speak to the specific risk. What I can speak to is the fact that grant funding and our investment in State and local community engagement efforts is a linchpin for how we have structured our country to do homeland security.    We believe everyone needs to be in the game. Everyone needs to be empowered to understand what the risk is, what the tactics, techniques, and procedures are that they should be looking for and to share that information with the FBI, with the IC so that we can engage before the act happens. So the extent to which these grants make those agencies less effective in meeting that responsibility presents a risk for us.    Mr. Taylor. As I said, ma'am, we have built our homeland security enterprise based on a State, local, Federal model, and any capability that is taken away from that in some way diminishes our capacity to address the risks that we are concerned with in our country.