    Mr. Rodriguez. I do.    Mr. Rodriguez. Thank you, Chairman. It is great to be here in front of the Committee today and to address the myriad of issues that both you, Chair, and Ranking Member Lofgren have raised during your own opening remarks.    I had planned in my opening remarks to discuss my own broad priorities for USCIS, specifically to fully and effectively implement the executive actions, to effectively and safely process our refugees, to continue to advance our transformation process, and to continue to maintain a high level of customer service and stakeholder engagement.    However, the recent mass murder in San Bernardino, California, near Ms. Lofgren's district, and a number of recent events, I think, as the Chairman pointed out, make it particularly important that we talk about security issues here this afternoon.    I would note at the outset two things. One, I will not, unfortunately, have the luxury to be able to talk about specific cases. Some of these are cases under law enforcement investigation. In any event, there are privacy policies and laws that apply to specific files.    Two, I would observe that, after nearly a quarter-century in and around law enforcement, one of the things that I have learned very much through personal experience is that violent criminals can come from pretty much any faith, any nationality. They can be U.S.-born; they can be immigrants. They can come from just about anywhere.    My particular role, our particular role, in USCIS is to ensure that those who seek the privilege of admission to the United States, be they as travelers or as immigrants, that they, in fact, be individuals who deserve that privilege, that they not be individuals who either intend our Nation harm or who intend to become criminals when they come here to the United States.    And we have been working diligently in recent years to enhance our ability to weed out both individuals who are criminals and who are threats to our national security. And to give some examples of the kinds of things that we do, we have enhanced the resources against which we vet all immigrants, not just refugees but also all immigrants. We have developed improved techniques for fraud detection, for interviewing, in order to advance that.    Now, in light of the events in San Bernardino, the President and the Secretary have both directed USCIS to review both the K-1 visa program as a whole, which we are in the process of doing right now, but also to do a retrospective look at cases approved in recent years under the K-1 visa program. And we are fully along in conducting that effort.    I remain mindful, however, that our charge in USCIS is really to look at the security of our entire process. So, while we are focusing on K-1 today, I want to make clear to this Committee and, importantly, also to the American public that our focus will be across all of our lines of business to ensure that bad guys don't gain admission to the United States.    I am blessed at USCIS with a tremendous staff who is dedicated both to following the law, to serving the American people, and, importantly, to preventing fraud and threats to our national security.    As a couple of examples of the kinds of things that we have done, in light of concerns about our asylum program, we have been increasing the presence of fraud detection and national security officers in our asylum offices. We have doubled the number of those individuals in recent years. Similarly, in the EB-5 program, we have doubled the number of fraud detection and national security officers there, as well.    There are many other topics that I would like to address, and, hopefully, through questioning, I will have the opportunity to address a number of the issues that Ranking Member Lofgren raised.    But I would like to conclude with this observation. I read something in the paper just a few days ago that really rang of truth to me. And that was the notion that the worst thing that we can do to the terrorists that wish us harm, the terrorists who are trying to recruit others to harm us, is to continue to be a beacon to people throughout the world.    The fact that many of the very same people who those terrorists would like to recruit, in fact, are seeking admission to the United States is the most severe indictment of what they are trying to do. That inspires me as much as anything else to do the work that I do as USCIS Director.    Thank you, Chairman, for having me here today.    Mr. Rodriguez. So, again, I will take that question as a hypothetical, given my inability to speak to the specific factual scenario.    I think, in addition to the interviews that you described, individuals are also vetted against law enforcement and intelligence databases at multiple stages in the K-1 visa process. So when we adjudicate the petition by the U.S.-based person, usually the fiance on our side of the ocean, there is a series of background checks done at that time. The State Department does another more fulsome series of checks. And then we see that individual then again at the time of adjustment once they are in the United States.    The nature of the interview depends on what derogatory information we have about the individual. So, in the absence of a specific--we ask a series of questions that obviously are intended to vet that individual out, but in the absence of a specific basis, we probe, basically, the record that is before us.    One of the things that we are looking at right now is--and, again, I think about this not just in terms of the fiance visa program, but I really think of it in terms of everything that we do--are there things that we need to be doing differently prospectively to probe even more deeply to ensure that we are not admitting individuals who will come here to do us harm.    Mr. Rodriguez. Well, you know, one of the issues that we are looking at are what are our authorities at different points in the process. So, for example, at the point when we adjudicate the petition, as it stands right now, as long as the bona fides of the petition are established by the U.S.-based petitioner, regardless of what derogatory information may exist against that individual, we don't--and, again, I am talking generally. I am not talking about any specific case. That is certainly an issue we are looking at as to whether we need to think differently about what we do in that stage of the process.    We are also looking at what we do on the back end of the process, at the time when we actually give that person a green card or we give them a conditional green card, are there additional measures we need to be taking at that stage, as well.    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, respectfully, Chairman, I am not at liberty in this setting to talk about any specifics.    Now, I can tell you what our practice is. There have been exceptions to this. Generally, it is our protocol that we only interview people in the K-1 visa program in cases where there is some issue that needs to be explored as part of the case. That could be derogatory information about the individual. It could be factual questions, not necessarily derogatory, about the application.    That is the existing practice as we speak. That is certainly going to be part of our review.    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, I am not at liberty to discuss a particular case.    From the time they get in--if I am understanding the question, from the time they are interviewed at the consular post to the time that we adjust them? Is that the question, sir?    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, I am really citing the general practices in rules. I mean, I think you and I are both aware of cases where, in fact, regardless of the fact that there may be two dead perpetrators, where there are still actually investigative reasons to maintain secrecy. I am not speaking necessarily to this specific case. That is the practice that I have lived by, be it in my role as USCIS Director or when I was a prosecutor previously, that I did not talk about cases that were ongoing, regardless of those characteristics.    I understand why this body would want them. I understand why that information might be helpful to this body in discharging its responsibilities. I don't see myself as at liberty to share that information at this time.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yes, that's correct. All we do at that stage is adjudicate the bona fides of the petition here, meaning the bona fides of the relationship. The actual interview, the actual screening, is conducted by the State Department at a consular post overseas.    Mr. Rodriguez. That is correct. I will amend that to say we do see ourselves as having both a national security and law enforcement responsibility----    Mr. Rodriguez . To ensure that people who trip either of those wires are----    Mr. Rodriguez. Nobody on my staff carries guns as part of their job.    Mr. Rodriguez. At that point, I believe they have 120 days--once the individual is here, they have 120 days within which to seek adjustment, which, in the ordinary course, most people actually do.    At that point, they become, essentially, conditional permanent residents. And I apologize, I don't know the exact duration.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yes.    Mr. Rodriguez. Correct.    Mr. Rodriguez. We are both interviewing and also running additional checks, you know, of the kind that are frequently discussed before this Committee. We're doing additional checks on those individuals.    Mr. Rodriguez. That is correct. If there are indications that you are a criminal or that you are intending to immigrate or travel to the United States to commit a crime, then that would----    Mr. Rodriguez. Correct. And one of the issues that we're looking at is our authority at different points in the process, in addition to our practices at different points in the process, to ensure that we are trapping those issues at every opportunity that we can.    Mr. Rodriguez. So I think this is an area where we would be very happy to work with this Committee to provide technical assistance.    I think one of the issues to which you are speaking, one that I was very interested to learn as I was digging into the H-1B process, is that you can accomplish a certain result through contractors that you couldn't necessarily accomplish directly. And that is certainly a discussion that we would be happy to have with this Committee as a technical assistance matter.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yeah, the concerns about our examination of State court findings are issues that have been raised to us frequently by stakeholders. As a former county attorney, I actually come with the background of having represented a child welfare agency myself, so I understand this process pretty well.    Those inquiries by our staff members are not meant as collateral attacks, but they occur in circumstances where the order issued by the family court or the juvenile court or whatever the court of jurisdiction may be does not satisfy, on its face, the requirements of the law. In essence, it doesn't say everything that it needs to say in order to qualify under the Special Immigrant Juvenile. It is at that point that our officers are asked to look further to ensure that those elements are established.    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, I think the point that I made earlier is we're looking at everything. In other words, we are looking at cases that may have happened today, and we are looking at all the issues related to where we can do our job better and make sure that, to the extent of our ability--we're never going to eliminate all risk--but, to the extent of our ability and the resources that we have, that we reduce risk to the greatest extent possible.    That is a commitment that I make to the American people. That is the purpose of having me, as a former prosecutor, as the head of the agency, is to really press us to not miss those opportunities to do better and to keep the American people safer.    Mr. Rodriguez. I think we do have. It's very hard to compare because I think it would be easier to take two cases and compare two cases. I think comparing one broad body of individuals to another broad body or different nationalities, I think, is a different kind of scenario----    Mr. Rodriguez. I think we are getting a lot of information that is useful, that enables us----    Mr. Rodriguez . In particular cases to deny individuals applications for refugee status, to put questionable cases on hold. I don't feel able to engage in the kind of comparison that you're inviting me to engage in.    Mr. Rodriguez. If I understood----    Mr. Rodriguez. Oh, yeah, no, I'm aware of that.    Mr. Rodriguez. And if I may, Congressman, I think the main comparison that was being made--and it's a hard comparison to argue with--is that we're not in Syria. We don't have boots on the ground in Syria. We did have boots on the ground in Iraq.    That doesn't mean that we're blind.    Mr. Rodriguez. There is risk in our business.    Mr. Rodriguez. And our job is to----    Mr. Rodriguez. I think individuals who come from places where terrorists are active, where terrorists are seeking to recruit, command from us a higher level of scrutiny. That is why Syrian refugees, in particular, receive the toughest, most----    Mr. Rodriguez. But that's the point I'm trying to make through concrete example. We have denied people admission because of information that we learned from law enforcement----    Mr. Rodriguez. Well, I think the denial rate is a deceptive statistic, and I will tell you why. It is very easy to demonstrate a claim for refugee status in Syria. Syria is a mess. And there is all kinds of sectarian violence, violence based on political opinion.    Mr. Rodriguez. So it would be very hard not to establish a claim for refugee status. The question is, is the individual inadmissible because they are a terrorist or a criminal?    Mr. Rodriguez. At this point, I believe it is approximately 20 percent.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yes. Of the group that we have admitted so far. In other words, there are a number of individuals in the pipeline, so that rate could shift.    Mr. Rodriguez. Given the very small pool that we've seen so far.    Mr. Rodriguez. In other words, I don't think that necessarily speaks to what our rates are going to be.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yeah, actually--and let me correct that. That is a rate of non-admission.    Mr. Rodriguez. In other words, those could be individuals who have either been outright denied or who are on hold.    Mr. Rodriguez. They have not been admitted as yet. Again, that's why I say that that could shift over time.    Mr. Rodriguez. Thank you, Congressman Conyers. That is an important question.    We did have some circumstances early on, because of delayed applications, because of issues related to either errors in applications, background checks, where some individuals were not being approved prior to the expiration of their deferred action.    We have taken a number of steps to ensure, especially for those individuals who actually apply on time, that we are able to finish adjudicating those applications before the expiration.    So what we have done is, first of all, we have extended the time at which we give them initial notification of the fact that they're coming up for renewal. We now do it 180 days before expiration rather than 150 days.    We have accelerated the time in the cycle when we begin adjudicating issues that we find with applications. Be it if there are, for example, criminal history hits that need to be analyzed or if there are errors in the application, we're doing that earlier in the adjudication cycle than we used to.    And we have engaged in extensive engagement with community-based groups to make sure that individuals understand what they need to do in order to be ready for us to be able to adjudicate the case in a timely manner.    And those are examples of two among a number of steps that we've taken. In fact, we've seen considerable improvement, and I believe all about a fraction of 1 percent of cases are now adjudicated within 120 days of application and, I believe, roughly 90 percent prior to expiration of those cases.    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, I think, as you know, generally, parole is a tool that is a kind of relief that we use on a case-by-case basis either where there is a humanitarian reason or where there is a significant public interest.    What we have done in the Haitian case is created parameters in those cases for individuals who have a qualifying family relationship, who are within a certain horizon prior to the ability to adjust. That, for us, in designing that policy, seemed to be the right parameters to put on that case. In fact, that has offered relief to a number of individuals.    But we can certainly continue to engage on ways that we can possibly improve that program. We certainly know that Haiti, in particular, is a country that has had great difficulties in recent years. The reason we have the policy altogether is because we believe that it is in the interests of the United States to help Haiti and the Haitian people get back on their feet. So we can certainly continue to engage on that topic.    Mr. Rodriguez. Thank you for that important question.    Our officers are--first of all, many of them are very experienced. The ones who are sent to work in those particular groups of cases are among the most experienced. They are briefed extensively, both from classified and nonclassified sources, on country conditions within Syria. They have benefits of prior interviews conducted of those individuals. They have the benefits of the background checks conducted of those individuals.    Those all provide very strong tools for those individuals to conduct thorough and intensive interviews to identify possible bases of inadmissibility.    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, I take the cases as they come. I don't screen based on whether people are men or women or where they come from, because the point is just about everybody can be a bad guy.    Mr. Rodriguez. I have seen male violent criminals, female violent criminals. That's the point I was trying to make. They can be just about anybody.    Mr. Rodriguez. I speak to my job as a law enforcement officer. When people commit violent crimes or have histories that disqualify them from particular benefit, we do our jobs.    Mr. Rodriguez. Sure.    Mr. Rodriguez. As far as I know, that is correct.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yeah.    Mr. Rodriguez. Sure.    Mr. Rodriguez. It is, certainly, based on race. For example, based on national origin, it is against the law to profile.    Mr. Rodriguez. I couldn't specifically cite it. It's based on caselaw. It's based on constitutional caselaw.    Mr. Rodriguez. That I'm aware of, there's certainly not a Federal statute that prohibits----    Mr. Rodriguez. You can--for example, if you have somebody who is suspected of a crime and there are identifiers--I think this is part of where you're trying to go--identifiers based on their race, their national origin, some other identifying characteristic about that individual, of course you're allowed to know that in order to be able to catch that individual.    Mr. Rodriguez. Sure.    Mr. Rodriguez. Patterns of behavior.    Mr. Rodriguez. The bar they go to, I guess, is sort of the example you might be going to. Sure.    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, I think as a matter of criminal investigation--and I think, also, this principle applies to antiterrorist investigations--you go where the activity is. So I don't think that's based on what race the person comes from, what national origin a particular group comes from. You go where the activity is.    Mr. Rodriguez. I think that's a fairly complicated topic, actually, Congressman King.    Mr. Rodriguez. Well, those are the bases for either asylum or a refugee claim, would be persecution based on membership in those categories.    Mr. Rodriguez. And I have to be clear. I misspoke. We actually do inquire as to religion as part of the interview. That may be relevant to many elements of the claim.    Mr. Rodriguez. Without a doubt, yes.    Mr. Rodriguez. Without a doubt, yes.    Mr. Rodriguez. Appreciate that feedback. I will certainly let you know that we have, both in Syria and in Iraq, we have screened and admitted refugees, not just Muslims but from a number of other religious minorities, including Christians.    As I understand it, Christians represent about 1.3 percent of the cases seen by UNHCR. So, you know, part of what the proportions that you're talking about reflect is the population of who's in Syria. Last I checked, barrel bombs don't discriminate.    Mr. Rodriguez. And, Congressman, I share your views about the importance of that guidance. There was a clear lack of understanding as to the definition of extreme hardship as a basis for a waiver from those 3- and 10-year bars. The draft guidance that we issued, I guess a couple of months ago now, was meant to bring clarity to that purpose.    We opened it for comment for 45 days. I will tell you that we received a number of productive comments that we think we will be incorporating into the guidance. That comment period is closed now, so we're in the process of incorporating the comments that we got.    Mr. Rodriguez. I would venture, again, without being able to be exactly specific about it, just a very small handful of months before we'll be ready to issue that as final.    Mr. Rodriguez. They will be Immigration Services officers.    Mr. Rodriguez. We will also, of course, make it public. We will take steps to train the staff that will be adjudicating those cases so that they understand not just what the guidance says but how to use it. And, also, we will----    Mr. Rodriguez. Well, I think, as you know, I have thousands of officers----    Mr. Rodriguez. Yeah. What I can't tell you right now is how many of those are eligible receivers for those kinds of cases.    Mr. Rodriguez. That is correct. I would guess that we will have, you know, sort of, particular groups of officers working on these cases.    Mr. Rodriguez. It's been said, Congressman.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yeah, I mean, it's curious----    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, I'm not exactly sure who we're going to pick as the eligible, sort of, group of receivers for those cases. I will observe this. My guess is that the volume of those kinds of applications will go up now that there's more clarity.    Mr. Rodriguez. I would add to the drivers the fact that we're also engaged, because there are 9 million legal permanent residents, many of them now for a very long time, in a very active process of promoting civic, linguistic, and economic integration of legal permanent residents. So we think that, too, will drive people. And the answer is, yes, we ready.    Mr. Rodriguez. We are. And one of----    Mr. Rodriguez. We are. And because of the importance of naturalization, in particular, we have made sure to bring those processing times in line with target. They are at target.    Mr. Rodriguez. It's nice to see you, Congressman.    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, I am constrained, given, one, there's an ongoing law enforcement investigation and, two, existing policy and law with respect to alien files, I am constrained from talking about an individual case.    Mr. Rodriguez. I can certainly describe the process.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, without speaking to the specific case at hand, without a doubt, there is a law enforcement investigation that is ongoing right now.    Mr. Rodriguez. Our practice is, when there is an ongoing law enforcement investigation and when we're talking about an alien file, that we don't talk about specific cases in public. So those are the constraints that I'm under, Congressman.    Mr. Rodriguez. We are in the process right now, at the directive of the President and the Secretary, of reviewing both cases, the K-1 cases in the last 2 years, and also overall looking at our procedures.    One, a couple of issues that we have identified--remember, we're in this process at two different points. We are at the petition stage, when a U.S.-based petitioner is filing a petition for an applicant who is abroad. At that point, our only authority, given to us by this Congress, is to adjudicate the bona fides of the application. If there are inadmissibilities at that point, we don't have authority at that point to do anything about it.    Mr. Rodriguez. Well, that's, I think, a discussion that we can have going forward.    Mr. Rodriguez. We can give technical assistance to this Congress. I'm identifying a particular gap that we've seen.    Mr. Rodriguez. I'm sorry, Congressman. I know your time is short. I don't think I understood the question.    Mr. Rodriguez. We are weighing changes now and are also looking to see what other changes we may want to make.    Mr. Rodriguez. Right now, I can't speak more specifically than that, other than to see if there are enhancements to background checks, not just in K-1 but possibly in other areas; the points at which we do those background checks. Those are among the kind of issues that we are looking at.    Mr. Rodriguez. I can't provide that specifically, other than to acknowledge that that number is significant. I can assure this Committee that we are working as fast as we can to hire up asylum officers so that we can move those caseloads.    I also have some things I'd like to say, if the opportunity presents itself, about the GAO report.    Mr. Rodriguez. We've certainly seen a significant increase in the volume of asylum cases, and so it has necessitated an increase in resources to process those cases.    Mr. Rodriguez. I would say that we are taking a number of steps based on the findings that the GAO made. We are adopting most of the recommendations that they have made.    I would also indicate the fact that there have been a number of prosecutions for asylum fraud which resulted from our asylum officers identifying those cases as fraud cases.    So I, to some degree, take issue with certain omissions in the GAO report. We are embracing its recommendations. We think it will make our work better.    Mr. Rodriguez. I believe that it is something that we need to do everything we can to prevent. I certainly perceive it as a risk.    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, I view it as a risk. I'm not sure that I would agree that it is a ``pervasive problem.'' I view it as a risk that we need to safeguard against.    Mr. Rodriguez. I believe it's roughly 25,000 in recent years.    Mr. Rodriguez. I couldn't tell you specifically what percentage it is. We can certainly get you that information.    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, we know the cases that we found. And that's why I point to the cases where our asylum officers detected fraud and flagged those cases.    We can certainly get you a number of cases where we have specifically identified the----    Mr. Rodriguez. Yeah, we can give you a briefing on what we know about the, sort of ``pervasiveness'' of fraud in our cases.    Mr. Rodriguez. They are. And, in fact, they have. They have detected fraud.    Mr. Rodriguez. That represents, as I think you know, a doubling of the number of fraud detection and national security officers assigned to the asylum. I think that has permitted them to provide much greater support to the asylum offices. We're obviously going to continue evaluating whether that is enough, and if we need to increase the number, we'll increase the number.    Mr. Rodriguez. I have no reason to believe that it's not enough.    Mr. Rodriguez. The main issues is to continue to train our officers and to make sure that they're getting the resources they need to combat fraud.    Mr. Rodriguez. So I'll tell you exactly what I have done. I have communicated with my entire workforce through townhalls, I have visited USCIS offices throughout the world, and I have communicated very directly to my officers that the authority to make decisions about cases rests with them and with their supervisors, that my role is certainly to set policy, to set procedures, but the individual cases are theirs to decide.    I have a tremendous amount of respect for my workforce. I have gotten to know many of them. I would say that all of them take their professionalism far too seriously and their oath far too seriously to be bullied by anybody into making anything other than the decision that they believe is right based on the law, based on our policies, based on our procedures.    I haven't seen the inspector general report that says that 25 percent, ``feel that way.'' What I have seen is what I have seen, being fully engaged with my workforce as its Director, and I have not seen evidence of that.    Mr. Rodriguez. So, Chairman, I am not going to be able to comment on internal deliberations, but let me answer the main question that you're asking.    It is, in fact, that there are certain refugee streams that we've been seeing in recent years where, basically, they are drying up--I don't know that I would necessarily have used that phrase, but where the cases are essentially slowing down.    At the same time, the Syrian example speaks for itself. You have 4 million applicants for refugee status in Jordan, Lebanon, and Turkey. They are coming from a country that is absolutely devastated, more than half of its population displaced. The President has been clear in his directive to us that we admit at least 10,000 people from Syria in this fiscal year, along with an overall target of 85,000. We have been very public about that, about those goals.    So, yes, we are perceiving that in certain places the refugee streams are drying up, where, in fact, they're increasing from other countries.    Mr. Rodriguez. Oh, of course, it concerns me. And that's why a big part of what I have dedicated myself to is to digging into our security vetting process, observing our officers in action, visiting them on site, which I have already done--I traveled to Turkey back in June. I've had engagements with my refugee officers, with my asylum officers, as well, to assure myself that we are, in fact, deploying what we have described, and I now believe correctly, as an intensive, multilayer process to ensure that refugees deserve the status----    Mr. Rodriguez. If we suspect fraud, then we need to chase down that issue.    Mr. Rodriguez. We are enhancing our training. I am engaging with my workforce so that I hear those concerns directly, not just through reports. And we will continue to support our officers, both in training and also----    Mr. Rodriguez. To support them.    Mr. Rodriguez. If they suspect fraud, then those issues should be chased down.    Mr. Rodriguez. I will need to dig into that issue further, Congressman. That memo was issued before I arrived at the agency. I will familiarize myself and get----    Mr. Rodriguez. Again, I need to know the facts and circumstances related to that directive.    Mr. Rodriguez. I am fairly confident that my fraud detection/national security officers are looking at a whole lot more than open-source information when they're checking claims by our applicants.    Mr. Rodriguez. I mean, again, depending on the facts and circumstances, I could see where the open source does not raise the concerns that you're talking about. I also know, however, that our officers look to classified, confidential, secret sources, as well, as part of our vetting, as part of their evaluation of claims made by applicants, be it for refugee status or whatever other benefit lines we're talking about.    Mr. Rodriguez. Within 2 weeks of today.    Mr. Rodriguez. I don't mind a water break.    Mr. Rodriguez. So, as to the U visa program, I know we've been working on--the parole program, we've been working on developing that policy. I know that there is eagerness and urgency, and we will continue to work expeditiously. And I appreciate your urging us to get it done.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Rodriguez. As to refugee screening, I would point out that we have admitted 785,000 refugees since September 11 and 3 million since the beginning of the modern refugee program, let alone how many we admitted prior to the modern program. Not quite 20 of those 785,000 have been arrested on charges related in some way to terrorism.    So it shows, historically, how that process has, on the whole, admitted people who came here to be law-abiding, hardworking citizens, raising families, just like all of us here.    Notwithstanding that, we have continued to tighten up the vetting. It is an intense, redundant, multilayered process that involves three interviews--one by UNHCR, one by the State Department contractor, one by my officers, who are trained in depth on country conditions--not to mention extensive background checks that are done tapping from intelligence community resources, law enforcement community resources.    And the key point of evidence here is, in fact, individuals have been denied, individual's cases have been put on hold, either because of derogatory information that was found as a result of those background checks or because of things that were discovered during the interview process.    Finally, as to the fiance----    Mr. Rodriguez. No, I appreciate that observation, Congresswoman. I think it is important that the American people understand how intensive a process it truly is, in particular, when people are coming from war-torn environments, terrorism-plagued environments like Syria.    Mr. Rodriguez. Finally, as to the fiance visa program, I appreciate your observation that most of the relationships that are a part of that program are legitimate relationships between people who love each other and are trying to start a life together.    In fact, one of the things that I focused on in most of today's hearing is on the fact that our security posture really needs to be for all visa categories. We're examining the fiance visa program. We are looking for different points where we can make improvements in that process. We're looking retrospectively at those cases and identifying whether there are gaps that we need to address.    Mr. Rodriguez. Those are exactly the issues that we're delving into. Right now, I can't speak to the specific case. I'm constrained from doing that. But those are the issues we're digging into right now.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yeah, actually, you know, what we have been doing is moving with the ``credible fear'' and ``reasonable fear'' screenings as quickly as we can. Our processing times for those are now below 9 days--I think we're down to around 6 or 7 days right now--to conduct those screening processes.    Again, if there is a positive finding, then, you know, they move forward into the NTA process with the immigration courts. If there's a negative finding, they go home; they're removed.    So we are moving expeditiously in that process.    Mr. Rodriguez. Thank you.    Mr. Rodriguez. Thank you, Chairman, for that invitation.    Again, without being able to go right now into the specific details, there are affirmative steps that we are preparing to take now that will certainly enhance our visibility into the backgrounds of at least certain categories of individuals who seek admission to the United States. I think as we complete our process of review, we will be able to talk in greater detail as to what that means.    Mr. Rodriguez. Understood, Chairman. Thank you.