    Mr. Collins . The Committee will come to order. Welcome back. Thank you for the break and allowing us to go vote. And at this time we will continue questions, and the Chair recognizes Ms. Walters from California.    Mr. Collins. The gentlelady yields?    Mr. Collins. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Richmond.    Mr. Collins. Without objection, it will be entered into the record.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    *Note: The material submitted by Mr. Richmond is not printed in this hearing record but is on file with the Subcommittee and can be accessed at:      http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/      ByEvent.aspx?EventID=104114.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired, but it's a good question. If our witness would like to answer or provide the information requested.    Attorney General Lynch. I look forward to providing you information on those points. With respect to diversion courts, because they are often run by the court system and not by the relevant U.S. Attorney's Offices, we would look for ways to get you information from the Office of Court Administration also. But certainly we do have a wealth of information on the success of those programs.    Mr. Collins. The Chair now recognizes myself for questions.    On September 28, 2015, the VA Office of Inspector General report recommended the U.S. Attorney's Office, District of Columbia, pursue criminal charges against two VA executives it found to have abused their position in order to take jobs with less responsibility while keeping higher salaries. The report detailed how the VA executives pressured subordinates to accept positions transfers only to volunteer for the vacated jobs while keeping their original salaries and having the VA pay them for more than $400,000 in taxpayer-funded relocation benefits. Will the DOJ pursue charges against these employees? And if not, why not?     Attorney General Lynch. Thank you for the question, Mr. Chairman.    With respect to a matter that's been recently referred to the Department, it's a matter that is currently under review, and so I'm not able to comment on it at this time.    Mr. Collins. Well, I think one of the issues, and I think the gentlelady from California also talked about this as well, the VA issue is something that has been ongoing. And I think you made a rightful statement that our veterans deserve that support and help. And I think we're seeing vast--we've seen it in Georgia, where people are just transferred, not held accountable. There are some that have been held accountable.    I think coming to this conclusion it is more than just words. Actions have to be taken here. And to simply say we're going to look into this and look into this is, frankly, the American people on both sides of the aisle are not satisfied with that kind of a response.    I do appreciate your mention of veterans courts. Veterans courts are working in my home county in Georgia and we are expanding that process. Governor Deal, as well as local DAs and judicial circuits have worked well in that regard. So I would commend that and continue the process as we look forward.    I want to move to an area that is coming up a little bit in some trade secrets issues. And we recognize that trade secrets is an additional form of intellectual property. And companies in America, however, are increasingly targets of sophisticated efforts to steal proprietary information, harming our global competitiveness. There are many in Congress, including myself, who believe we need to create a Federal civil remedy for the misappropriation of trade secrets, keeping and harmonizing the legal framework so that companies can protect.    The Administration throughout that recommendation supported a call for private right on action on trade secrets. Do you join them in recognizing that such a private right of action would be beneficial?    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly, Congressman, you have raised an important issue and one of great priority to both me and the entire Department of Justice. We are committed to prosecuting cyber criminals who do seek to steal our intellectual property. I believe the last recent estimate was that we are losing possibly up to $250 billion worth of intellectual property a year through hacks and crimes and the likes. And we look forward to working with you on the proposed legislation that you mention that you discussed.    Mr. Collins. So you do believe a civil--a private right of action would complement your efforts, given the resources and limited actions many times that you have, that would be something that would complement the actions that you currently----    Attorney General Lynch. I'd like to see the language, but certainly we look forward to working with you on that.    Mr. Collins. Okay. Also, I want to--and we're jumping to several different issues, and one I want to come back to that was brought up earlier and it has to do with sanctuary cities. And it goes back to a question. I want to know, has DOJ taken any action to withhold law enforcement grants or other funding to sanctuary jurisdictions? If not, why not?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, the grant process under which DOJ operates is a formula-based grantmaking process and different organizations and entities within cities apply. Certainly with respect to our grantmaking process in general, we're always cognizant of concerns that come up within certain jurisdictions. We have found that through our grantmaking process we can effectuate great change in a host of very significant focused areas.    Mr. Collins. But, Madam Attorney General, if you don't mind me interrupting you here, but shouldn't following the law be a prerequisite for a grant?    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly we work to enforce not only the laws that you are referring to, but all the laws with the cities with whom we work.    Mr. Collins. But getting a grant, if you're not following the law, have no intention of following the law, why should--I mean, at that point in time that application should be just set aside, follow the law, we'll talk to you about your grant. Why can't we get to that?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, thank you for the question, Congressman. Certainly it's been raised in a number of contexts. We do find that our grants are very focused on specific areas. For example, providing more police officers on the ground, providing----    Mr. Collins. Again, you've great talking points. I appreciate that. That's not my question. How can you get--if you're using money to circumvent the law, as you just basically implied, that's even worse. You don't incentivize this kind of behavior. Why would it just not be a permanent stop to the grantmaking process until a city or a municipality or a government entity complied with the law?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, with respect to our grantmaking process, we do make very discrete focused grants to specific portions of city government.    Mr. Collins. So in essence you have subsidized lawless behavior. That's what the Attorney General of the United States of America has just testified to. And you can sit and--I mean, that's what you just testified to. You'll give money to a locality that is not following the law because you want to use your grant in discrete, private ways. Is that what you just said?    Attorney General Lynch. We use our grants to incentivize better behavior in a host of ways. And our grantmaking policy is focused on a very rigorous application process that is fact-based.    Mr. Collins. So you're telling the people of the Ninth District of Georgia that taxpayer dollars that come to them is being used and will not even be considered if a locality is not complying with the law, you will still give their tax dollars to a locality that is not complying with the law. Is that your testimony?    Attorney General Lynch. We look at a host of factors----    Mr. Collins. So the answer is yes----    Attorney General Lynch. We look at a host of factors----    Mr. Collins . Not your host of factors, it is yes. I mean, this is a part--and the Ranking Member made a great point earlier when he first started. I want to finish up with this. I've had these hearings and you'll be back before us at another time and I look forward to those hearings.    But what is amazing to me and the American people watching here is he said tell the truth and work those, but also being prepared for questions. You're going get VA questions here, you're going get sanctuary city questions here, you're going to get a lot of host of questions, and even the Ranking Member listed those off.    Coming and giving an answer that we're looking for, that we're not being basically a setup where the people don't understand that is a thing that very much frustrates most people with Washington, D.C. You're been very well prepared for this by those who want to prepare you for these hearings. There's just a big disconnect at a certain point in time when the Attorney General of the United States will not say that they would not want to give money to an organization or to a locality that is not following the law, we're still going to give taxpayer money to that. That is unacceptable and what most people find abhorrent.    And with that, I recognize the gentlelady from Washington, Ms. DelBene.    Mr. Collins. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Collins. The gentlelady yields back. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. DeSantis.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Jeffries.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired, but the Attorney General can answer.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Congressman, I am not able to get into the specifics of the discussions that we may or may not have had with the NYPD, except to say that it is common practice that during the pendency of the investigation officers are placed on a modified duty assignment consistent with the internal practices of the NYPD and that they still retain the right to take action. They often do await the results of a Federal investigation also. That has been my experience in the past with the cases that I have personally prosecuted and seen prosecuted.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Bishop.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman, Mr. Cicilline, is recognized.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired. The Attorney General can answer.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, sir.    Congressman, with respect to the important issue of our firearm statutes, obviously significant changes would have to be considered and implemented by Congress. And should they be considered, we'd be happy to provide input and guidance there.    In the current statutory scheme we always do everything that we can to ensure robust enforcement under the current statutes. It involves, for example, outreach on the part of ATF to gun dealers to provide guidance to them as to their activities, that goes on on a regular basis, so that we can in fact increase and encourage compliance on the part of dealers.    Mr. Collins. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Collins. Without objection.    Mr. Collins. Without objection.**---------------------------------------------------------------------------    **Note: The material submitted by Mr. Cicilline is not printed in this hearing record but is on file with the Committee and can be accessed at:      http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/      ByEvent.aspx?EventID=104114.    Mr. Collins. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Trott.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired. The Attorney General can answer the question.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I'm not aware of those actions, but certainly I'm happy to look into that and provide a response to you.    Mr. Collins. At this time the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King.    Mr. Collins. The Gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Collins. Finish your question.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman yields back.    At this time the Chair recognizes the gentleman Texas, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired. The Attorney General can answer.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, sir.    I belive that she is.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired.    Seeing no other Members, this concludes today's hearing.    Thanks to the Attorney General for your patience and your time today.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witness and additional materials for the record.    With that, this hearing is adjourned.