    Mr. Byrne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Visclosky and distinguished members of the subcommittee. It is my pleasure to appear before you today to testify on two issues important to our national security, the Littoral Combat Ship program and the Joint High Speed Vessel program.    Since I appeared before this group last year, I have had the pleasure as a member of the Armed Services Committee to actually be on both of these vessels, not during construction, but as they have actually been deployed. So I am not just speaking from somebody that has been on those that have been under construction. I have actually been on them and talked to the people that are actually on those ships, manning those ships, and the people in the Navy that are so important to that program.    The LCS is an essential component of our fleet, and it is critical if the Navy is to support the Pentagon's pivot to the Asia-Pacific region, because these are shallow-draft vessels, they can get to places that they need to get to in that very important part of the world.    Despite what you may have heard, the LCS program is currently realizing substantial efficiencies and savings. Production is stable and costs have been reduced significantly. The LCS is easily the most affordable surface vessel in our fleet today. But the LCS is not just affordable, it is also highly capable.    Some of the LCS' loudest critics contend that the Navy has not effectively laid out its plans for the vessels. They have questions about the ship's survivability and lethality. These are important questions, but the Navy already has many of the answers. And although the survivability testing for the vessel would not officially wrap up until 2018, the Navy already understands how survivable and lethal the LCS is in different environments.    In fact, the Navy's Small Surface Combatant Task Force recently studied how the current LCS operates in certain environments and how additional capabilities would enhance its ability to operate in these areas. Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus described this study as ``exhaustive,'' and upon its completion Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel agreed with the results. Secretary Hagel authorized the Navy to transition the LCS into a frigate, validating the need to build up the program from 32 ships to 52 ships.    Now, the first 32 of these ships will be needed to complete the mine countermeasures mission, which is vitally important to operations in the 5th Fleet and the 7th Fleet areas of responsibility. The remaining 20 frigates will be designed to carry out anti-surface and anti-sub missions. These ships remain essential to the Navy's ability to project power and provide greater interoperability with our allies. And there are a number of our allies that are looking at these vessels for themselves because they work so well.    Last month, in testimony before the Armed Services Committee that I serve on, Secretary Mabus said, quote, ``Any change to the production rate of three LCS's per year will significantly impact the transition to the frigate,'' close quote. This is an obvious but frightening observation. It has become abundantly clear that delaying the production of the LCS would significantly reduce the size of our fleet and damage America's national security. In turn, this would force the Navy to cover the same geographic area with significantly fewer assets.    The LCS is the rare military program that has seen costs decrease over time. The costs in this program have gone down, not up. The LCS has adhered to stringent contractual and budgetary constraints and is locked into fixed-price contracts at a congressionally mandated cost cap. The LCS ships being built today are being built at an average of $350 million per hull, well under the cost cap. Any further reductions would lead to cost increases and, more importantly, put the frigate program at significant cost and schedule risk. Reductions would also greatly impact the shipyards in Alabama, my district, and in Wisconsin and the broader shipbuilding industrial base.    Because of these considerations, I ask the subcommittee to support the Navy's request and provide the funds necessary to procure three Littoral Combat Ships in this year's budget.    Next, I would like to share my support for the Joint High Speed Vessel, or the JHSV. The JHSV is a shallow-draft, high-speed catamaran used for the intra-theater support of personnel, equipment, and supplies. And I have talked to the Marine Corps extensively about the Joint High Speed Vessel. It is a very important vessel for them. It is a low-cost vessel that meets a lot of their needs.    It is the only Navy asset that combines high payload capacity with high speed, providing combatant commanders with a unique capability. In automotive terms, the vessel has been compared to a pickup truck. It is able to support a wide range of missions for all the services.    The JHSV has demonstrated the ability to transport military forces, as well as humanitarian relief, personnel, and material. Since delivery of the initial vessel, these ships have supported a wide range of operations around the globe, including assisting in recovery operations after the Indian earthquake and the tsunami in 2004 and the Japanese earthquake and tsunami in 2011.    As we meet, the USNS Spearhead is completing her second deployment in the 6th Fleet area of responsibility to support operations in EUCOM and AFRICOM. She is scheduled to make her second deployment to SOUTHCOM later this year.    Clearly, this vessel is effectively filling a critical gap.    The Department of Defense places a premium on the ability of U.S. military forces to deploy quickly to a full spectrum of engagements. In addition, the Department values the ability of U.S. Forces to debark and embark in a wide range of port environments, from modern to, in some cases, austere. The Joint High Speed Vessel has demonstrated the ability to effectively support these needs.    The Joint High Speed Vessel is currently in serial production with a stable and highly trained workforce. We are benefitting from the efficiencies gained through the construction of the initial six vessels. In order to ensure the capability to build these ships and maintain the affordable price, we need to keep the production line open.    Unfortunately, without further procurement in fiscal year 2016, this line will close. Like the LCS, the Joint High Speed Vessel program provides the Navy with a very affordable and capable ship at roughly $180 million per ship. I know that sounds like a lot of money, but a DDG costs $1.6 billion. So at $180 million per ship, the Joint High Speed Vessel is a fraction of what other shipbuildings cost.    The program has clearly matured in what can only be considered efficient serial production. We shouldn't let that go to waste.    Thank you very much for your time today. I appreciate the opportunity to share my thoughts on these two very valuable ships before the subcommittee. I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Byrne. Yes, sir, Mr. Chairman. I certainly want to do my part to help with that as well.    Mr. Byrne. Yes, sir.    Mr. Byrne. Yes, sir.    Mr. Byrne. Thank you, sir.