    Mr. Clark. Good morning, Chairman Marino, and Ranking Member Johnson, and honorable Members of the Subcommittee.    I'm very pleased to be here today. And in addition to coming to help however I can with my testimony, I wanted to note that my wife and oldest daughter are in the room. I thought it would be a good civics lesson, especially with it being voting day in my home State of Virginia.    And also, Ranking Member Johnson, my wife lived for a long time, including when we were married 20 years ago in your district, in Stone Mountain, Georgia. And she came there after she immigrated from Korea.    So with that little introduction out of the way, I can draw a straight line, I think, between my law school experiences in front of Judge Silverman, as I noted in my written testimony, to my career here at DOJ, and to sitting here with you today. And, you know, if I were a half generation younger, I'm sure I would've had Professor Buzbee as one of my professors, so I'm honored to sit alongside of him.    Administrative law really is constitutional law. It's suffused with the separation of powers, with due process concerns, and with guaranteeing Democratic accountability. And I think both of the bills that you have before you today are excellent bills that would help to accomplish promoting those constitutional ends.    The first bill, H.R. 2631, really is the product, I think, of you trying to solve a negative synergy between a number of administrative law doctrines and current provisions in the APA that the Paralyzed Veterans case enforced, and those rules are 553(b), which is what got enforced in Mortgage Bankers, Seminole Rock deference and its potential for abuse, and Chevron.    The combination of those rules really let agencies turn on a dime and defeat reliance interests by individuals in businesses like the NAHB and their members. And by imposing this new requirement that resurrects the Paralyzed Veterans doctrine, you would help to counteract all of those negative synergies.    In addition, I think there is several other advantages, which I lay out in my written testimony. I think it advances your power to, as Congress, write the laws. The argument that we often hear from the professoriate that agency processes will be ossified, I think, has really become a tired canard at this point. You get to define the Nation's policies and legislation, not really the Executive Branch or the professoriate.    Second, I think that these bills, the first bill especially, the one that reverses Paralyzed Veterans, helps to enhance the separation of powers, because it gives time for mistakes to be corrected. It doesn't allow agencies to turn on a dime. It allows agencies that are acting closer in time to the law that they passed--that was passed that, you know, is being interpreted, and so that harmonizes agency action more with congressional will.    And third, by giving that time period and making sure that there's notice and comment, you establish that there's an adversary process, an adversary process that can inform judicial review and, thereby, also enhance the separation of powers through the process of judicial oversight. Of course, the fact that you have notice and comment enhances due process and accountability, and it helps to protect reliance interests.    In addition, it protects both public property and private property, not just private property, because many agencies regulate the actions of other Executive Branch agencies.    And third--I'm sorry, and lastly, it's not a perfect solution to the abuses of Seminole Rock deference, but it's kind of a very good second best. It's a very good first start to try to reverse those abuses.    And, you know, I note that Professor Buzbee had indicated that, you know, perhaps you might be open to seeing, you know, that bigger step of reversing Seminole Rock deference. But in the short term, I think this is a good first step toward that.    Turning to the second bill, the REVIEW Act of 2015, you know, I started my testimony with the apocrypha from Senator Dirksen of, you know, $1 billion here, $1 billion there, and pretty soon you're talking, you know, real money. I think that providing an automatic legislative stay that will be in place to allow the courts to test the legality of rules, you know, before they actually go into effect when they cross such a monumental threshold is a very good step in the right direction.    And I'll tell you in my experience as a practitioner that getting stays from the court process are very tough. I tell my clients that there's almost a macro that spits out that just says in a few paragraphs, stay denied. There's not a lot of judicial consideration of those stays, and so providing for an automatic stay in the very limited circumstance where you have a $1 billion rule is a very good step in the right direction.    Thank you.    Mr. Clark. Yes.    Mr. Clark. Sure, Your Honor. Sure. I'm sorry, Chairman Marino. I have an argument tomorrow in the Fifth Circuit so I'm in ``Your Honor'' mode. My apologies.    Mr. Clark. But I would say, yes, in my experience, it's very difficult to get stays. You know, the most regularized jurisprudence in that area is from the D.C. circuit. And there really is an almost form order that they issue that's just a few paragraphs long. So it's not like, even if you're talking about a rule of Earth-shattering costs, you know, benefit implications or the ability to devastate an entire industry that you're going to get an opinion from the D.C. circuit about whether a stay will be granted or not.    Essentially, all of the balancing of the four equitable factors takes place behind closed doors, and you just get a result of really stay yes or stay no. Or if there is a stay, some kind of definition of, you know, what exactly is being stayed if it's not the entire rule.    And I think that one of the benefits of the bill that you have in front of you to do the automatic stay is that you're showing value judgment, which I think is entirely appropriate for Congress to make, that if you're talking about a rule that has enormous costs of $1 billion or more that those should essentially be not, you know--they wouldn't begin to be implemented until after the judicial review process is closed. I think that's entirely appropriate and would be an improvement over the current system.    Mr. Clark. That's correct.    Mr. Clark. No, Representative Johnson. I think that agencies should do an analysis of both costs and benefits, although the issue of whether they do that or not depends in part first on whether the organic statute permits them to do that or not. But typically if the organic statute is silent on that issue, then they would need to do an analysis of both cost and benefits. Here----    Mr. Clark. So in response to that, I think I'd like to make two points: First is, it's not accurate that it would remove a consideration of benefits. That would remain part of the judicial review process.    Mr. Clark. Right. As a matter of the stay, it would focus only on costs. I would submit to you that I think that's an appropriate thing for Congress to do, one because----    Mr. Clark. I don't know exactly what the cost impact of that would have been and----    Mr. Clark. For the sake of argument, grant that that was true, what I was about to say based on your prior question was that one of the other constitutional values I think, that this automatic stay serves are the kinds of values that go to the vesting clause, the fact that you are the law makers and not the agency.    Mr. Clark. So all that this does is reinforce essentially kind of nondelegation values.    Mr. Clark. I think, Representative Issa, that that's an intolerable status quo.    And if I could just supplement a little bit to the answer I wanted to give to Representative Johnson----    Mr. Clark. Yes. Or the cost-benefit analysis, in my view, sometimes is often deliberately skewed.    Mr. Clark. I think expedition would be helpful. Although I would say that since a lot of these rules go to the D.C. circuit, it's not as if their caseload is particularly high. And then I'd also say that----    Mr. Clark. True enough.    Mr. Clark. Yes. Thank you, Representative Bishop. I agree with all of those remarks. And I think it's precisely true. If you're talking about a monumental regulation that would impose more than a billion dollars of costs, to essentially, you know, say if that truly is seen as something that's urgent, you must have whatever the health and safety benefits or other benefits of the rule are, that the easy answer to any objection like that is for Congress to pass that law, that is clearly more legitimate under our constitutional system than to have it be done by a delegated power.    And this allows me I think, to provide the rest of the answer to Representative Johnson, which is, it's not unfair to have an asymmetric consideration of costs here, because all you are doing as Representative Issa recognized, is flipping the burden of proof. And I think you're flipping the burden of proof to be more in the constitutional direction. If a rule imposed more than a billion dollars in costs, make the regulators--don't presume that they are correct in their cost benefit analysis. Make them prove that the benefits exceed the costs through the judicial process, and don't let a rule like that go into effect until the judiciary has agreed, as an independent check on that delegated power with the agency imposing a rule of that magnitude.    Mr. Clark. Yes, I would say that, you know, just as a quick, you know, thing. Suppose you considered it to be half, you know, $500 billion on a threshold that's ties to small business where that--you know, an impact of that magnitude could be catastrophic for small businesses so that you have sort of one speed for large businesses and one speed for small businesses.