    Mr. MacArthur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Mr. Weiss, I appreciate you being here. This is, obviously, an extremely complicated and difficult issue that we face.    You made a distinction between the territories and the states with regard to bankruptcy and fiscal issues in your opening statement. I just want to make sure I understand you. Are you suggesting that a Chapter 9-like mechanism should be extended to Puerto Rico?    Mr. MacArthur. Would it allow territories like Puerto Rico to avoid debts in ways similar to how municipalities, cities, and such avoid debt repayment in Chapter 9? Would it act in similar ways?    Mr. MacArthur. You just used the phrase Puerto Rico electing oversight. What powers would you see this independent authority having? And, would you see them only having these authorities if the Puerto Rico legislature agreed to give them these authorities?    Mr. MacArthur. I understand the aspiration. But the reality on the ground is there is this much money available and this much obligation and expectation by a lot of different people. So it is quite conceivable to me that the legislature in Puerto Rico might not elect to have the degree of oversight that Congress believes is necessary to solve this.    I want to be clear. I want you to be clear. Do you believe that we should have an oversight board that Congress gives powers in exchange for the debt relief that is necessary? Do you believe that the Puerto Rico legislature should have the right to elect that before that power is given?    Mr. MacArthur. I don't have time for you to answer this, unless we have another round of questions. But if we do not get back to it, I would like you to respond in writing. I think it is important that we consider the implication on the broader bond markets if we allow a Chapter 9-like restructuring in Puerto Rico, and what that does to bondholders throughout the whole municipal bond market.    Mr. MacArthur. I would appreciate it--you don't have time to answer, my time is expired, but I would like to hear at some point what you believe the potential consequences are elsewhere. I yield back.    The Chairman. No, you owe me 11 seconds.    Mr. MacArthur. All right.    The Chairman. Mr. Grijalva.