    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Fair Labor Standards Act is a result of the Great Depression, to ensure the protections of American workers. Included in that act were rules requiring overtime payment for hours worked in excess of the standard 40 hours per week. Overtime provisions are important for covered workers, including 75 million hourly wage workers. These workers value having a 40-hour work week and earning extra pay when they work overtime, yet more and more Americans are working longer hours while wages are flat. Preserving the right to overtime pay is particularly crucial at a time when lower and middle income family wages are stagnant. However, the regulations governing eligibility for overtime are severely outdated. For example, in 1975, more than 65 percent of salaried American workers earned time-and-a-half pay for every hour worked over 40 a week. But by 2013, just 11 percent of those workers qualified for overtime pay. The Department of Labor's proposed regulations would extend overtime protections to nearly five million white-collar worker within the first year of its implementation. Such a change not only puts more money in workers' pockets, it also strengthens our economy by driving consumer spending.    Despite these positive outcomes, there remains some concern as to how these proposed regulations would impact our nation's small businesses. Increasing the salary threshold and the numbers of workers eligible for overtime pay will add significant compliance costs and paperwork burdens on small entities. This fact is particularly true for small employers located in low-wage regions and in industries that operate with low profit margins. More concerning is that small businesses have commented that the high cost of this rule could lead to hourly cutbacks to employees or even salary adjustments. Such actions run counter to the goals of this rule and could ultimately harm employees. And while these potential consequences are concerning, I am confident that today's hearing will be helpful in determining how to properly implement this rule that is beneficial to all sides.    I want to thank all the witnesses for being here today and I look forward to your comments.    Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield back.    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    It is my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ross Eisenbrey, vice president of the Economic Policy Institute. Prior to joining EPI, he worked as the former commissioner of the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission and as the policy director of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Welcome, Mr. Eisenbrey.    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And thank you all for your testimony.    The DOL's proposed amendments set the minimum standard threshold at the 40 percentile of weekly earnings for full-time salaried workers, and based on 2013 data, this would amount to a minimum salary of $921 per week, or $47,892 annually. Yet, instead of using the 2013 data, they used projected numbers for 2016, which is $970 per week. But they did not use the same projections for the exemption for highly compensated employees.    Mr. Eisenbrey, can you explain the theory behind the DOL using projected numbers for one increase but not the other?    Ms. ADAMS. Okay. Mr. Brady, what are the benefits and challenges with taking an incremental approach and raising the salary threshold over a longer period of time?    Ms. ADAMS. Yes, and challenges.    Ms. ADAMS. All right. What approach or which approach is more effective in achieving the goal of increasing overtime pay for workers, and what options are available to help ease the potential compliance burden of this threshold for small businesses?    Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Eisenbrey?    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, sir. I am out of time.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Just one question. Mr. Eisenbrey, the 40th percentile of weekly earnings represents a significant increase for the salary threshold but may still not be enough for workers. So what would the ideal salary threshold and what kind of impact would it have for employees?    Ms. ADAMS. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.