    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank our panel for being here.    Data from the National Immunization Survey found that fewer than half of children and adults are vaccinated by November of this current flu season. My numbers said 40.3 percent, but, doctor, you said 46 percent. Forty-six percent of the people and 6 months or older received the flu vaccine. These numbers seem similar to what we have seen in the last few years.    I wanted to hear why these vaccination rates continue to be so low and what we can do to improve it, although I have to admit, the recent news that it is only 20 percent--23 percent effective, and those of us who are much older it may only be 12 percent, that would probably tell people not to get it. But somehow along the way, we need to do it, and encourage much more than 46 percent to be able to get that. The data showed that nearly 60 percent of the people had not taken advantage of it. Is that accurate?    Mr. Green. Well, I guess part of the problem is if we think it is bad now with the news coverage about the less effectiveness, what can we do to make sure that next year we have, one, an effective flu vaccine--I know it is almost like throwing darts against the wall--and that way we will convince more people to get it, because, again, the more people vaccinated, the more we will defeat it.    Mr. Green. Is there anything that Congress could do because, when you found out that the effectiveness was so low--I know there were some questions earlier from Dr. Burgess saying, OK, we need a booster for those of us who got the vaccine--are there resources available where you could do that and make it an issue, saying, you know, it is only 23 percent but this booster will get you to 50 percent?    Mr. Green. Well--and again, since the percentage is lower for the most vulnerable population of the elderly, we need to encourage the elderly to--even if it is only, I don't know what percentage it was, 12 percent, because it still gives them that 12 percent. But we would sure like to see it up above the efficiency much better.    Mr. Green. I know this has come up before, but----    Mr. Green . Ranking Members Pallone and DeGette yesterday talked about the measles outbreak in Disneyland, and I know that is a concern too that--to do it. And let me just follow up, Mr. Chairman, I remember when I was in the fifth grade, the whole county, we got a polio vaccine. Was that mandated by the Federal Government?    Mr. Green. Um-hum.    Mr. Green. Thank you.    Mr. Green. Yes.