    Ms. Titus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to congratulate you on your recent election to represent Louisiana's Fifth Congressional District, and also on your appointment to the chair this very important committee.    I was fortunate to have a very productive relationship with the former chairman, Mr. Runyan. And I look forward to continuing this committee's tradition of working in a bipartisan fashion to be sure that we provide the benefits that all our veterans deserve.    I am excited to be the ranking member of this subcommittee, and I look forward to the work we have outlined and are going to be undertaking in this Congress.    As many of you in this room know, the problems with the appeals process is a recurring topic in this subcommittee. Since joining the subcommittee 2 years ago, I have been concerned about the looming backlog of appeals at the VA. Almost 2 years ago, in June of 2013, our subcommittee met, and I raised the concerns that we are trading a claims backlog for an appeals backlog. Trading the devil for the witch, so to speak. As we clean up the claims, are we going then to create a problem with appeals?    My statement then is equally applicable today. I warned at that time of an impending appeals tsunami and the need to have a plan to address the anticipated growth in the number of appeals.    While the VA and the VBA have increased their output, all the metrics continue to show that the problem is growing. And veterans in Nevada and across the country are waiting far too long for a VA decision.    As you heard the chairman, who gave some pretty compelling statistics, it is just taking too long. Nationally the average length of time to receive a decision from the VBA in 2013 was 1,255 days. That is nearly, 3\1/2\ years, 3\1/2\ years. That is way too long.    In Nevada, there are close to 1,400 appeals waiting to be adjudicated. And when a veteran comes to my office to say what has happened to my appeal, it is not very encouraging to go tell him, we don't know and it is going to take 3 years before we find out. That is just not acceptable.    I am concerned that as we address this problem, we haven't been provided with a detailed plan of how we are going to address it in an overall fashion. We are once again receiving piecemeal recommendations instead of a comprehensive plan. I think we need to take action so we don't get too far behind and we are not having this exact same hearing 2 years from now.    In Congress here, we need to work collaboratively with the VA and with the VSOs to come up with that plan and create a system that will deal with these appeals in a timely fashion. But we need also to ensure that while we are doing that we are giving them a full and careful evaluation, we are not just rushing through the process.    In the 113th Congress, I highlighted a need to form a task force that would include the key stakeholders, would meet, have a hands-on approach, and come up with such a plan they could present to us. I appreciated at that time Chairman Miller's support for the idea and it eventually did pass the House.    Today, I plan to reintroduce that same legislation and I would welcome members of this committee to join me as cosponsors.    It is unfortunate that we have lost two years during this time when we could have had a comprehensive plan completed, and then we would be ready to meet the challenge as opposed to talking again about what we might need to do.    Now, I understand that the VA has conducted a study to better understand the appeals process from the veteran's standpoint and I look forward to having you all share that with me and the members of this committee and the chairman especially.    To me, the situation is really clear too many veterans have waited too long to have their appeals evaluated. It is up to us to try to work with the VA to improve that system and improve it fast. We need a better plan and I think that commission will help us get there. We need ideas from the experts so we can get to work.    Another idea our subcommittee should explore is one that has been proposed by Mr. O'Rourke and Mr. Cook. And I am glad Mr. O'Rourke is here to create a fully developed appeal, similar to the fully developed claims initiative that has been so popular, so I hope we will hear more about that.    Again, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to working with you and I am glad we are starting off early on this issue.    Ms. Titus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ms. McCoy, I would just ask you what the VA has done in terms of planning to address this problem that we know is coming, who has been involved in that planning? Have you looked at the need for more staffing or other resources? And what about alternatives like prioritizing appeals?    Ms. Titus. Could you address the issue just metioned, about the appeals that are remanded. And what are some of the causes for those remands, both internally and externally? I know you said a number of them are caused by external problems.    Ms. Titus. I would ask Ms. Eskenazi to kind of address that issue of the 72 percent of the claims who are already receiving some kind of benefits. If that is the case and they are already getting something, does it makes sense to prioritize appeals?    Ms. Titus. Is there any system that makes sense as a way to prioritize?    Ms. Titus. Is there any kind of system that you can think of that would make sense for prioritizing claims?    Ms. Titus. I know that the claims process has undergone some changes where you can fast track smaller claims, you have whole approaches to some, different kind of priorities. I just wonder if we can do that in the appeals process.    Ms. Titus. And since it is always open, is there any definition of backlog?    Ms. Titus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Titus. Thank you.    I would just ask Ms. McCoy, you said you were hiring 300 new people. I wonder what kind of people they are, how you made this decision, if you are sending any of them to Nevada?    Ms. Titus. And the Nevada part?    Ms. Titus. All right. Let me know.    Ms. Titus. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Titus. Thank you. As I listen to you, I have heard Ms. Boyd Rauber say we need a pilot program for expedited appeals; Mr. Varela talked about the need to develop the full FDA; all of you say we need more staff and resources, hopefully those 300 people will help a little bit; and all of you say we need to reward staff for quality and not just quantity.    I think I agree with all of that. I think those are good recommendations, and I want to work with you on them because I think they fit right in with the proposal I made at the very beginning that we need a serious commission to come with us, with these things spelled out, showing how we can implement them so this committee can then take action and not just keep talking.    And so I look forward to working with you to see if we can't meld all these things and come with a hard set of specific recommendations so we can move forward. And I appreciate it.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Titus. I would just say as you work to improve the letters sent to veterans, be sure that there is an element of standardization because we have seen one region vary from another quite often. We want to be sure that everybody improves the letter writing, not just one particular office or a couple here, and a couple there.    Ms. Titus. Mr. Chairman, I am afraid I have to leave, but I would ask unanimous consent to allow you to continue the questioning, and I will get the information on my return.    Ms. Titus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.