    Mr. Hamasaeed. Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Bass, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. I am testifying as a senior program officer of the U.S. Institute of Peace. The views expressed here are my own and do not represent that of the institute. USIP works extensively and closely with Iraqi minorities, specifically religious minorities. We support them by establishing an organization called the Alliance for Iraqi Minorities so that they have the capability to represent themselves, and so, in that vein, a lot of what I mention today is coming from experience directly engaging and trying to help those minorities.    Definitely, the minorities in Iraq need all the support that they can get as well as other communities, nonminority communities, in Iraq.    The dilemma of the religious minorities is not something new. I think it is important to look into some of the history so that we can inform solutions that will, to see if they will work and how do we prepare for those. The reality is that the minorities have, over the past few decades, been caught in between the conflicts and the problems of actors that they were not a part of. They didn't choose those conflicts, but they were affected by those conflicts. And ISIS is not a product, and what they have done is not a product of today. ISIS is a cause of atrocity, but it also is a symptom of failure of governance and the space it has created resulting from the political divisions among the big actors in Iraq and the region.    So it is true that the minorities have suffered probably the most at the hands of ISIS in the sense that they came under attack, for displacement, for genocide, and also chemical attacks against the Turkomans in the Taza district of Kirkuk. The Yazidis have had their women and others taken as sex slaves. The Christians have been labeled, their houses labeled, and they came under specific attack.    Then the question comes: What was the response? The specific question that was addressed to me to talk about was the response of the Government of Iraq and the Kurdistan Regional Government. And to look at this, you can look at this from the perspective of a glass half full or a glass half empty. The reality is that the minorities believe that the Government of Iraq and the Kurdistan Regional Government have not been able to protect them; that they have been displaced, and they have been affected. But it is also true that the Kurdistan Regional Government and the Government of Iraq have provided camps and shelters and provided food and assistance. They were also supported by the Iraqi community--which I think is important--and they have to recognize their efforts in absorbing this crisis and the problems here.    But the reality is that the scope of the problem is well beyond the capacity of one single actor, one single government, or one single community. It requires a collective action. And there is a sense of fatigue for the years of displacement, especially since 2003. The limited capacity of the government and other actors needs to be taken into consideration into what assistance is provided.    I think that there is a need for rethinking the assistance that is given to the minorities and their situation. On protection, the call for protection is not something new. This has been, as you mentioned, Mr. Chairman, there has been a call by the minorities to address this for a long time. And the kind of risk that the minorities are confronted with, they are existential threats that threaten their collective well-being. It is also a direct risk to their security as individuals and communities.    So the risk of revenge, I would like to single out. We talked about the post-return. There is a scenario of protracted displacement, which will be a scenario that we have to deal with. In the 2006, 2007 peak of violence in Iraq, about 1 million people never returned home. And the current 3.3 million people that are displaced, about 1 million of them minorities, they will likely not be able to return for quite some time because of problems that are on the ground, and the revenge is killing and the potential violence coming in those areas is a potential risk to them.    The U.S. Institute of Peace has worked on models that help the return of IDPs and prevent violence. We have done this in the context of Salahuddin and the Speicher massacre that ISIS perpetrated against the Shia cadets and soldiers who were in that camp. We facilitated dialogue among the tribes, and we have been able to mitigate the violence and prevent killing and facilitate the return of IDPs. Tikrit right now has about 150,000 people who have returned since May of last year.    The same kind of effort will be needed in the context of the minorities because there are several layers of conflict that need to be addressed: Risks coming from existential threats like ISIL; then there are risks that will come from competition over scarce resources; and there will be risks coming from just tensions of some of the minorities considering what has happened to them by some of their Arab neighbors. There are minority-minority tensions that need to be addressed. There are Arab minority issues and Kurdish-Kurdish issues that need to be addressed. There is a need for conflict resolution to help them with the long-term viability.    The minorities have the organizations and the capabilities to help themselves. They have been a partner and a voice for the minorities over the years. The Alliance of Iraqi Minorities has worked with the national government and with the Kurdistan Regional Government to pass legislation and make sure their issues have been prioritized. And they could continue to play that role. But at the end of the day, the scope of the need, the magnitude of the problem, will require more than what has been provided to date. I cannot emphasize enough the need for international support for early detection and action on those warning signs that the minorities have been giving us.    It goes without saying that actually solving the bigger problems of Iraq will go a long way in helping the minorities over the long-term to stay safe and not to be attacked. While the minorities will be able to develop the capabilities to provide local security, larger existential threats coming from problems like ISIL, will require the help and the support of the Iraqi Government and the Kurdistan Regional Government and the larger communities around the minorities. So it is important to put emphasis on, how do you rebuild those relationships? How do we put mechanisms in place that will prevent those kinds of attacks?    I think the capacity is limited and the peaceful coexistence is the emphasis that we need to put in as a mechanism. Civil society organizations have been a good vehicle to help the Government of Iraq and the international community. They will need help in both a scenario of return, but also a scenario of protracted displacement, to prevent host community tensions as well.    So, with that, I will stop.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman, and members of the subcommittee. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Hamasaeed. Yeah, if I may just stress that the point I made in the written testimony as well, which the need today, whatever is seen by the international community, is far greater than what the system captures because the system does not see the amount, the volume of assistance that came from the local communities, from the Iraqis, whether in the Kurdistan region or the rest of the country. They have helped a lot in shouldering this and, actually, were the first responders in a way to the wave of crisis.    But I think, in addition to seeing the current need, we have to also look forward toward what would be the magnitude of the problem in a scenario of a protracted displacement a year from now, 2 years from now. A good number of those people will stay with us, and the kind of tensions that we see today in the housed communities, in the IDP camps, and a good number of people are outside the IDP camps, sometimes not registered in this system because of lack of documentations or the bureaucracy does not have the capacity to handle this magnitude.    Neither the Kurdistan Regional Government nor the Iraqi Government have handled something like this from a bureaucracy assistance standpoint. They don't have the capacity. Then there is the issue of resources. The communities have exhausted their resources that they have because of the economic downturn in Iraq. The drop in oil prices has strained the system. The country is fighting ISIL, so there are the military expenses. You have the destruction that comes from this fight. Ramadi: 80 percent destruction, other towns, the pictures are horrible. Sinjar, other minority places; the potential for return is a significant problem.    So the tensions will be something that we need to focus on. And it is important as we do this, there are issues that are directed at minorities from ISIL and other groups, but some of this is just a natural product of the chaos and the conflict where people do not have income and resources. They don't have jobs. There is a pressure on the governments of the region, in Iraq or elsewhere, to provide economic opportunities and give job permits. But the economy being down and people not having jobs is not just--you can go outside the camps, but there are no jobs.    There are many, many IDPs who have been interviewed, and they say: The economy outside is such that there is nobody to hire us because the economy is down. Oil prices are down. And the Kurdistan Regional Government and its tensions with Baghdad, they are late 3 months in the payment of their public servants. Their resources to help with the IDPs are far more limited.    So, therefore, the international community really takes this seriously from a humanitarian standpoint but also from a conflict prevention standpoint because the more displaced, the more--they either have to migrate, or there will be--they are vulnerable for other forms of radicalization as a response to the problem that they face.    Mr. Hamasaeed. Just quickly on the question of justice, this is something that the U.S. Institute of Peace is dealing within areas that have been liberated, because we have the experience that we are looking at, like, what does that look like? And that--this is closer to Salahuddin and not directly minority areas. But the issue of justice where you have tribes, they have their local mechanisms that usually they go for revenge and there is exacting blood money, and these have complicated the situation.    In the case of Tikrit, after what is known as Camp Speicher where ISIL killed 1,700 soldiers and cadets, we managed to tap into those local traditions through facilitated dialogue--using facilitators USIP trained over the years--there is a level of venting that needs to take place among those actors. That happened. And then they engaged on the substance. They realized that going into this cycle of violence will change the nature of the problem, and it will make things more complex.    So there are ways that you can deal with this and tap into those local solutions and prevent violence. There was a question of justice. So, for those who have been killed, for those who have been displaced, what does justice look like? And there is no universal answer. It really varies depending on what the different communities accept. In Tikrit, they decided they will work with the judicial system of the government. The tribe said: We will work with the system, and we will bring perpetrators to justice, and we will work with you.    In a town few miles away, in Yathrib, Salahuddin, the local population, to date, are not allowing people to return because they do not necessarily accept that other local solution. And the government doesn't have the capacity to deal with the justice of ISIS because, as you alluded to, these are fragmented members. It is not an entity that you can go to one place and capture them.    And unless the local population cooperates with this process to help you identify who did this and what, then it will be very difficult to bring perpetrators to justice. And I have to warn about after 2003, de-Ba'athification was getting rid of the members of Ba'ath party was a big problem, contributed in the way it was dealt with to giving the--add to the problem of today. Actually, the day after of this problem, liberated areas, I think this is our problem: Going after those labeled as collaborating with ISIS and then what will be the ramification for the political process? For the stabilization? For the next cycle of the problem?    So putting energy and resources and building it bottom up, tapping into both what the system can do, but also really getting the community to work with this issue because they have seen it in the most painful way now. They have been displaced. They have seen their people killed. I think there could be an opening to tap into that and build upon that. But if we just leave it like this, I think it will fester, and this will become the underestimated problem that we face.    Many people underestimated that the vacuum in Iraq could give us ISIS in its current form. And then there was underestimation of the damage that ISIS could do and the response needed. I think the post-ISIS situation also is probably underestimated right now and could use more attention. Thank you.    Mr. Hamasaeed. Yes. So I think that it is important to look at the different scenarios that we talked about, the protracted stay but also the scenario of return. The whole system is struggling with providing food and assistance, so that is a level of need we are talking about, and the scenario of return, there is a physical protection of those people, and then ideas, such as safe havens and all of that, there are practicality elements that need to be taken into consideration.    Okay. What objective will that serve? So, in the past, a safe haven, again, is a system like Saddam Hussein could have--a systemic protection would have been helpful, but right now, the threat is far more retail in the sense of you have a terror organization that knows no boundaries. And then you have the fear of revenge that is actually at the individual and tribal and family level sometimes. So a safe haven or the concept of protection and physical protection, that changes how you deliver that. This is where the better relationship with the neighboring communities and working on that becomes necessary. And I think one of the things that could be helpful for the Iraqi minorities--as important as they make this case, as they present solutions--some of the solutions will create other problems, will create other conflicts and other competition. It is important that at this moment of frustration and this moment of anger--and it is a lot, and they have every right to be angry and frustrated and disappointed. But getting back to what Mr. Crane said about achievable programs and achievable objectives, it is important to look at a framework solution for Iraq. Without fixing that, the minorities will always be caught in between those.    I would like to stress that the military approach is probably important for certain problems, but it will not solve the long term. And preserving those communities, you may be physically safe if you relocate to the Kurdistan region or you relocate to outside, but preserving the community, as a community--and for Sabean-Mandeans, their numbers have dropped over the years to about a couple of thousand worldwide. This is how you lose a community. The Christians have seen their numbers drop from about 1.5 million in 2003 now to about less than a third of that in Iraq. Preserving the sense of community will require for the minorities to be striking those relationships with those Iraqi communities for the long term. But also the civil society and the external assistance could go also into preserving those communities in terms of education, in terms of programs that will provide services to those areas. And this is what the Alliance of Iraqi Minorities has done very successfully: Working with the Iraqi Government and with the Kurdistan Regional Government. Those efforts could help the minorities help themselves, be the voice of the community, and engage the international actors.