    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I represent Appalachian, Ohio, and I don't have to tell you folks probably how rural that is. I hear the horror stories, many of which you have just heard. I could cite similar cases that my colleague from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley did.    Mr. Selman, long before I was elected to Congress, I served 26 years in the Air Force, and I was stationed in Columbus, Mississippi, and you know how rural that area is. So I have seen this for a long time.    Mr. Gomez, does the GAO track and can you tell us in regards to all urban and rural systems how many municipalities have their systems charge the true cost of providing water to their customers? In other words, how many of them are operating in the red?    Mr. Johnson. Yes. Would you take a look at that, please. I think the American people would be interested to know how these small rural communities are struggling and many of them are operating in the red, as it stands right now, because their residents can't even afford the cost of providing the water.    Mr. Johnson. Oh, absolutely.    Mr. Johnson. Yes. And I have got rural areas that are under that exact pressure. They don't have the money. Because of the economy, they don't have the money to comply with the EPA's clean water mandates and system mandates today. And on top of that, they are being leveled with these fines that they also can't pay. So, I mean, it is like trying to get blood out of a turnip. And I know you guys know what a turnip is. So it is tough. It is tough.    Let me ask you a question, Mr. Newman. Your testimony mentions that the town of Como, Mississippi has 2 million in wastewater needs and 1 million in drinking water upgrades that it needs to undertake. What is the annual operating budget of Como?    Mr. Johnson. OK. All right. And what is the average income of Como residents?    Mr. Johnson. OK. Is raising local water rates a realistic possibility?    Mr. Johnson. Making these upgrades?    Mr. Johnson. Yes. OK.    And even if you raise the rates operationally and maintenance-wise, would it be enough to cover the cost of providing the service?    Mr. Johnson. OK. What is their access to or are there limits on other funding sources like commercial lending? Now, that is a double-edged question because the question itself kind of says, ``Well, why don't you go in debt----''    Mr. Johnson . ``To provide water?'' And that is certainly not a principle that I subscribe to, but are you considering other sources?    Mr. Johnson. OK. All right.    Gentlemen, for Mr. Newman, Mr. Keegan, and Mr. Selman, what challenges do you have in assessing the drinking water State Revolving Funds and how does that compare with accessing rural utility service funding?    Mr. Johnson. OK. Mr. Selman?    Mr. Johnson. OK.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you. Mr. Selman. My time has expired.    But, Mr. Keegan, do you want to respond?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman, rural America knows hard it is to get blood out of a turnip, and I appreciate you having this hearing so that we can shed some light on how difficult it is to do this.    Thank you very much.