    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Chief Dine, I believe this is the third hearing that I have been part of on the House Oversight and Homeland Security, maybe we have even had a classified hearing or two.    I do want to zero in on basically two questions today, and I want to start with going back to your notes on page 5. It says: ``In February 2014, the department fully implemented its new digital encrypted radio system without issues or communication service interruptions.'' It also says: ``This new radio system provides coverage to the Capitol Complex and is now available in areas that previously did not receive radio communications.'' I am on page 5.    Now, here is the important part. It says: ``It also has allowed for greater interoperability. To date, the Department has the ability to conduct the interoperable radio communication bridges with more than a dozen other agencies . . . This equipment allows both parties to communicate directly on each other's radio systems in order to broadcast critical information in a timely manner.''    Now, according to my time line, it looks to be about 23 or 24 months. Can you tell me was that radio system in play and were these agencies interacting as far as when they first found out over those 24 minutes?    Mr. Walker. Can you tell me what? Did you use telephone? I mean, this looks like it is a state of the art, real-time.    Mr. Walker. Right.    Mr. Walker. Well, as my colleague Mr. Davis was just talking about, if we have this kind of technology, I don't understand why there is not kind of an all-points bulletin going on throughout all these agencies. I am assuming these are two-way radios.    Mr. Walker. All right. Let me move to my next question here. You also talked about in--and I guess you have been here about 2\1/2\ years, and from what I have read and heard you are doing a fine job--there is a communication concern. And you said your goal was to provide, I believe, quote, ``better communication.''    I admire and I appreciate that goal, but can you give me some of the action steps that you might say this is how we can implement better communication from our department to yours? And after you finish that response, I will yield back to the chairwoman. Thank you.    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Chief.    Madam Speaker, yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Chief, I have a couple other questions, I think, as well, before we conclude here. One is, going back to my Homeland Security, and Mr. Walker and I both sit on that committee also, but when you go to the southern border, you are looking at real stats there, the eye in the sky, it is very sophisticated technology, and they are utilizing it. In many cases it is already surplus stuff from the Department of Defense, equipment that has been extremely effective in theater, whether you are trying to secure a border between Afghanistan and Pakistan or the Rio Grande or what have you. It is the eye in the sky.    So just the ability to be looking at something I think we can say this publicly--when you were looking at this gyrocopter, it is difficult sometimes for radar to pick up various kinds of things, right? I mean, technology is exploding every day, whether it is UAVs, whether it is drones. I mean, they are going to be using drones to deliver your taco here pretty soon, this is what is coming.    So how can you be able to assess using technology that is as available as quickly as you can? This kind of equipment is very expensive as well, although, again, the expense of it is something you have to take into consideration. But you need to ask us, because we are the ones that have to get the money, make the priorities of what we are doing and what we are expending money on to keep the Capitol and the campus here secure.    Really much of this equipment is already, I think, unless the CBP has already got most of the good stuff, but it is something that you may want to take a look at. It is incredibly effective. I mean, I have been in the stations, in the ground stations. It is unbelievable how clearly you can see from high distances everything that is going on and the ability then to immediately, using communications, to tell, again, the boots on the ground, look, this is happening. You don't have to just be patrolling back and forth here looking for something. They are going to say: This is happening here, now, go there.    It is unbelievable technology. Again, I am a layman, but it seems to me that that may be something you could utilize here.