Resources Conservation Service in Washington, DC.    Welcome, panelists, and Mr. Korleski, the floor is yours.    And pull it up closer. In this room sometimes it is hard to hear.    Mr. Korleski. Is the volume OK? Can everyone hear me?    Well, good morning, Chairman Gibbs, Ranking Member Napolitano, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Chris Korleski, and I am pleased to serve as the Director of U.S. EPA's Great Lakes National Program Office, or as we call it,     I am very pleased to be here this morning to discuss the remarkable progress that has been made under the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, or as we know it, the GLRI.    The GLRI was launched in 2010 to accelerate efforts to protect and restore the largest system of freshwater in the world--to provide additional resources to make progress toward the most critical long-term goals for this important ecosystem.    Since its inception, the GLRI has been a catalyst for unprecedented Federal agency coordination to the GLRI Interagency Task Force and the GLRI Regional Working Group, both of which are led by EPA. This unprecedented coordination has led to unprecedented results.    During the first 5 years of the initiative, GLRI resources have supplemented agency-based budgets to fund over 2,600 projects in five focus areas.    Focus Area 1, toxic substances in areas of concern. Federal agencies and their partners delisted three areas of concern, what we call AOCs, and completed all of the physical work that will lead to the delisting of three additional AOCs. That is a major change from the 25 years before the initiative when only one AOC was cleaned up and delisted.    It is our hope that we can keep this momentum going and ultimately achieve the delisting of all the remaining AOCs.    Focus Area 2, invasive species. Federal agencies and their partners engaged in an unprecedented level of activity to prevent new introductions of invasive species, including Asian carp, into the Great Lakes ecosystem. Asian carp are a significant threat to the ecological health of the Great Lakes and its multibillion-dollar sports fishery, and the GLRI provides support to the Asian Carp Regional Coordinating Committee to prevent bighead and silver carp from becoming established in the Great Lakes ecosystem.    To date monitoring has not found any established, self-sustaining populations of silver or bighead carp in the Great Lakes. Nevertheless, the threat of Asian carp entering the Great Lakes continues, and the Federal partners are eager to continue the work necessary to keep them out of the Great Lakes.    Focus Area 3, nearshore health and nonpoint source pollution. Federal agencies and their partners targeted activities to reduce phosphorus runoff from farmland which contributes to harmful algal blooms in western Lake Erie, Saginaw Bay, and Green Bay.    Federal agencies used GLRI support to increase the number of acres of farmland enrolled in agricultural conservation programs in GLRI priority watersheds by more than 70 percent.    Focus Area 4, habitat and wildlife protection and restoration. Federal agencies and their partners protected, restored and enhanced more than 100,000 acres of wetlands and 48,000 acres of coastal, upland and island habitat. Over 500 barriers were removed or bypassed in Great Lakes tributaries enabling access by fish and other aquatic organisms to over 3,400 additional miles of river.    These activities have accelerated the restoration of native fish and wildlife populations to self-sustaining levels.    Focus Area 5, accountability, education, monitoring, evaluation, communication and partnerships. Maybe you can see why we changed the name in the next action plan.    Federal agencies and their partners implemented ``teach the teacher'' activities and helped science teachers throughout the basin incorporate Great Lakes-specific material into their class curricula. But what's next?    Well, the first 5 years of the GLRI have achieved remarkable progress. The Federal agencies are already well underway implementing the GLRI Action Plan II, which summarizes the actions that Federal agencies will implement during fiscal years 2015 through 2019. These actions will build on restoration and protection work carried out under the first action plan with a continuing focus on cleaning up AOCs, preventing and controlling invasive species, reducing nutrient runoff, and restoring habitat.    We have modified Focus Area 5, and while we will continue to educate educators about the Great Lakes, Focus Area 5 now more directly incorporates an adaptive management approach into the GLRI's implementation.    It also requires that GLRI projects take into account the need for resiliency in the face of climate change.    Action plan II is tighter and more focused than action plan I in large part because it incorporates suggestions for strengthening the GLRI that were contributed by the Great Lakes Advisory Board, U.S. EPA Science Advisory Board, GAO, the Congressional Research Service, States, tribes, municipalities, and the general public.    We are committed, devoted to improving the implementation of the initiative and have recently adopted new budgeting and planning processes that will provide for a closer working relationship between Federal agencies and their State and tribal partners to ensure that appropriate projects are being prioritized and implemented.    Thank you, Chairman Gibbs, Ranking Member Napolitano, and members of the committee. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Korleski. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Yes, I think what my colleague was referring to is that in the early years of GLRI there was more of what we would call an allocation approach where each agency would have its own projects that it would like to do, and then we would get together and talk about how much money should go to each agency to let them do their projects.    I am simplifying, but that is the way it worked.    I think come 2011, there was a consensus that, wait a minute; this is not the best way to do this. This idea of having agencies sort of saying, ``We want to do these projects,'' was not we think as good as saying, ``Let us all work together and figure out, looking at that ecosystem as a whole, what is the work that should be prioritized without regard to what this agency would like to accomplish or what that agency would like to accomplish. What should we as the GLRI accomplish?'' and prioritizing that.    So that is what resulted in, I think, much more of a collaborative approach. The subgroups were created to focus on what we agreed were priority areas like AOCs.    Mr. Korleski. So if I understand your question, when I think of a subgroup, I think of a subgroup within the Regional Working Group. So the Regional Working Group made up of EPA, NOAA, the Corps of Engineers. There are representatives from those agencies on those subgroups for, again, AOCs, invasive species, whatever it might be.    So that way all of the agencies were focused.    Mr. Korleski. Yes.    Mr. Korleski. Mr. Chairman, no, there are targets in the action plan. If I can briefly, in the new action plan, specifically, there are five focus areas. There are 12 objectives. There are 22 commitments. There are 34 measures of progress, and 10 of those measures of progress have annual targets where we are actually trying to hit numbers, for example, the number of AOCs where all of the work has been completed or the number of BUIs removed.    So there are most definitely targets and objectives within action plan II.    Mr. Korleski. Mr. Chairman, I think a number of the agencies have expertise in areas pertinent to harmful algal blooms. NOAA, for example, I think has great expertise in areas, such as satellite monitoring and monitoring the bloom.    In fact, after the Toledo drinking water crisis in 2014, we very quickly freed up about $12 million in GLRI funds to devote. For example, some of that money went to NOAA so they could improve their ability to monitor algae and microsystem levels in the Toledo area. We provided money to USGS to do more stream monitoring, to measure the amount of phosphorus getting into Lake Erie, which USGS is extremely good at.    NRCS was provided with additional funds because our colleagues at NRCS are very good at getting----    Mr. Korleski. Yes, Ranking Member. I think adaptive management is a fancy way of saying learn as we go, learn from your mistakes, learn from what works, learn from what does not work.    Mr. Korleski. What is that?    Mr. Korleski. The agencies implementing the projects.    Mr. Korleski. So under the action plan, the way this should work is when projects are implemented, the agencies implementing them should look at project results and look at project impacts and look at, again, what worked.    If you did a project, if we tried something as a pilot project and it did not work, we have to remember that, and we have to say, ``Yeah, that did not work. Do not do that again.''    Mr. Korleski. Well, we do adaptive management really over the course of two different cycles. So we do an action plan every 5 years. So one of the things that we do is when we're drafting a new action plan, as we did in the second action plan, we looked about what worked, what did not work, what kind of targets did we have in the first action plan that were not realistic, and we did not have the technology or we did not have good measurements, and come up with a better action plan.    But I think more importantly, adaptive management is also looked at on an annual level when we are actually doing project selection because the agencies essentially get together and look at the potential universe of projects that could be done and say, ``OK. Given what we know, where should we prioritize?''    Mr. Korleski. For example, other geographic areas?    Mr. Korleski. Like the Chesapeake, yes.    Mr. Korleski. Yes.    Mr. Korleski. Yes.    Mr. Korleski. Well, Ranking Member, if I can tell you about EPA's rule, maybe that will help clarify.    Mr. Korleski. So in region 5 where we are, our response office, our Superfund program, is deeply involved in planning contingency work, trying to anticipate what can go work, and working with PHMSA , States, tribal nations, to again make sure----    Mr. Korleski. Ranking Member, I confess I am not that familiar with the challenge that occurred in the winter exercise. So that is something we can follow up on. But I do know that EPA and the Coast Guard would be the first line of response in the event of any----    Mr. Korleski. Yes, Ranking Member. We will be sure to note that.    Mr. Korleski. I am sorry. Could you repeat the question?    Mr. Korleski. Ranking Member, I think we actually hope to do better in the next 5 years.    Mr. Korleski. Based on the adaptive management approach and learning from what we learned the first 5 years. Also the fact is, as I mentioned earlier, the agencies I think are coordinating much better on identifying priorities. So it is not just an agency-by-agency ``let us do what we want.'' I think that is going to achieve better and greater results.    So I think we have learned a lot, and we are working together more closely.    Mr. Korleski. So, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Representative, I think the short answer is yes. It would depend on how the project was organized and who was doing what, but one of the great things about the GLRI is that there is flexibility in terms of how we award and provide money.    So I would think that, yes, depending on what was being proposed and who was involved, that is something that we could do and we could certainly look at it.    Mr. Korleski. Mr. Chairman, Representative, absolutely. The one thing that we do not pretend to have is all the answers, and we do not pretend that we have got everything down to a science. We do not, and we are open to new ideas.    Mr. Korleski. So my understanding, I am more familiar with the Lake Erie area partly because, frankly, I am from Ohio.    Mr. Korleski. But I think the problem is the same. I think the magnitude of the blooms in the Western Basin of Lake Erie have been greater. That is not to minimize what is happening up in either the Saginaw Bay or the Fox River area, but the problem we believe is caused by the same issue, which is too much phosphorus getting into the water, and we think the solutions are essentially the same: try to figure out how to reduce phosphorus, both dissolved and in other forms, from getting into the water.    Mr. Korleski. Where they are needed.    Mr. Korleski. Where they are needed, yes.    Mr. Korleski. Mr. Chairman, Representative, I do know that we, for example, have had conversations with the Chesapeake Bay program, which has similar problems. They are different, but they have nutrient problems that show up in different ways.    And not that long ago we spent a couple hours on the phone with them sharing our practices about what we were trying to do to reduce nutrient loadings into water bodies, and that was very helpful.    There is a Chesapeake Bay program within EPA as a separate line item in the budget, I believe. So we have worked with them. We are aware of other geographic programs which are receiving funding from EPA.    Mr. Korleski. I know that Federal dollars are being directed to other programs.    Mr. Korleski. Representative, if I may, one of the things that I would emphasize is that while the GLRI funding is Federal funding and the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force and the Regional Working Group are made up of the Federal departments, a large reason for the success in the Great Lakes Basin is because we do partner very closely with States.    Mr. Korleski. Representative, I think it is because they recognized the GLRI brought an opportunity for significant changes to make an improvement.    Mr. Korleski. An opportunity for significant----    Mr. Korleski. The GLRI and the States recognizing that through our grants in providing them with funds and working with them, that jointly we could get a tremendous amount of work done.    Mr. Korleski. Mr. Chairman, Representative, yes, there is no question that in this latest funding cycle the money that we were able to provide to States for what I would describe as capacity funding was less, and the main reason for that is because the first determination of how much States, including Minnesota, would get as capacity funds was put together back in 2010 when GLRI was funded at a level of $475 million.    That was a 5-year allocation, if you will, and it was based on the belief that there would be $475 million. During that 5-year period we did not reduce that annual allocation even though the amount dropped from $475 million to roughly $300 million a year over the last 4 years. We did not change the allocation during that 5 years.    When that grant expired after 5 years and it was time to renegotiate a new grant with the States, we were looking at what was essentially a 37-percent reduction in the GLRI if we were looking at a $300 million level. If we were looking at a $250 million level that was proposed, that was a 48-percent reduction compared to what we had back in 2010.    That was the main reason why we had to reduce the amount of capacity funding for the States.    Your second comment, which I am very glad you raised the issue of this project-specific funding, one of the things that we are trying to emphasize----    Mr. Korleski. Exactly. One of the things that we are trying to do is make a clear distinction between funding for capacity and funding for projects. I will give you an example.    Capacity funding for us would be money given to a State, for example, to allow staff to attend meetings, to allow them to travel, to allow them to do overall budgeting over their plan as a whole.    Project specific work would be, for example, staff working on a specific AOC-related project. And one of the things that we tried to convey to the States is we want them to start putting their staffing needs in their project applications rather than just relying on capacity grants to take all of that into account.    So in other words, we think there should be an appropriate amount of capacity funding to do overall planning, but if staff is going to be working on a specific AOC project, our advice to the States is build that number into your project application; build that cost into the project application; and then that will be treated as part of the project.    We would intend to fund it, assuming we had the money, but it gets us away from this ``is there enough capacity money to do both capacity- and project-specific work?'' The reason we want to do that is because we think if we can more clearly identify when money has gone to specific projects, it just gives us a better ability to account for that money.    Mr. Korleski. The green button was on. You fooled me.    Mr. Chairman, that is a great question. So we know that open-lake disposal is a huge issue, for example, in the Cuyahoga area. There the issue is not so much phosphorus or nutrients----    Mr. Korleski. PCBs, exactly. So that is one kind of issue you have.    Out in Toledo where there is a much larger amount of sediment that needs to be dredged there, there is some speculation that by open-lake disposal that material could exacerbate the phosphorus problem. I have never heard anyone point to any scientific certainty or as close as you can get on science.    What we are thinking about, one of the big issues that we are thinking about with regard to open-lake disposal is in general I think most people would prefer if it did not go into the lake.    The problem is, and the problem that we want to work on with our partners is, finding beneficial uses for that material, whether it is filling in old basements, whether it is for stockpiling for soil for gardens, whatever that is. We think that beneficial use is critical.    Mr. Korleski. Yes.    Mr. Korleski. Mr. Chairman, going back to my days at Ohio EPA, I wrote a very heartfelt letter to the Corps of Engineers expressing concerns with in-lake disposal in the Toledo area because of the volume of the amount.    During that time I talked to a lot of technical people, scientists, about is there any--I will not even call it conclusive--hard evidence that this is going to exacerbate either the phosphorus problem, the nutrient problem through any mechanism.    Mr. Korleski. And I could not get a clear answer. So I think I am relying on what many other people are relying on, which is it is such a large amount of sediment there must be a better use for it.    Mr. Korleski. But finding that use----    Mr. Korleski. That is the way we would look at it.    Mr. Korleski. I think that, Mr. Chairman, if you are talking about the Western Basin where I think somewhere around 20, 25 feet is the average depth----    Mr. Korleski . If you are dumping in roughly 1 million cubic yards--I do not recall what the exact volume is--I can see the argument that, well, OK, you are certainly just keeping this shallow.    But, again, I would be reluctant to assert with any certainty that I know that that is either exacerbating the nutrient problem or any other problem.    The one thing I would say and what I pointed out several years ago though is the question I would have is: how much are you redredging that you have already dredged?    And I raised that issue back in 2010 when I believe this came up and was not able to get a clear answer then either.    Mr. Korleski. Yes. Yes, it would.    Mr. Korleski. So under the GLRI one of the things that we are focusing on is controlling stormwater runoff through something called green infrastructure. We do not spend and we are prohibited from spending GLRI money on hard infrastructure like wastewater treatment plants.    Mr. Korleski. We cannot do that, but we are very well aware that stormwater runoff can cause health hazards. You cannot swim in a beach because of E. coli, whatever the problem may be. So we have devoted a considerable amount of funds and we are continuing to focus on this concept of green infrastructure, which can be as simple as where you have got runoff running down into a beach area you construct a little--we would call it a swale, a little ditch. You put plants in it that absorb the runoff. They filter the runoff so that before it actually gets into the lake, it has essentially been filtered and you have captured a lot of the E. coli.    That kind of project we can do, and we have had two rounds now of what we have called green infrastructure funding, and we plan to continue.    Mr. Korleski. And again, part of the green infrastructure intent is to capture some of the water before it gets into the concrete stormwater system. By reducing that amount of stormwater getting into the system, it can reduce the likelihood of overflows.    But again, the way GLRI is structured, we can't offer money to fix or update treatment plants themselves.    Mr. Korleski. So, Ranking Member, probably the latest news is within the past year there has been--I am not recalling the term--I will call it a ``quaggacide'' or a ``zebracide.'' There has been essentially a pesticide that has been found to be effective against Dreissena mussels, which are the quagga and zebra mussels.    Mr. Korleski. And the information thus far shows that it can have an impact on them without impacting other, for example, native mussels.    Mr. Korleski. We would be happy to do so. The one thing I would point out is that thus far it has only been tried on a pilot level.    Mr. Korleski. It has only been tried on a pilot level.    Mr. Korleski. Ranking Member Napolitano, the only thing I can say is I think with each passing month and year, whether we live in California or we live in the Great Lakes Basin, we all realize that water is precious.    Mr. Korleski. And it is being recognized as being more precious, and we have to protect it. Whether it is on one extreme a drought where we have to do a better job of conserving water or on the other extreme, you are seeing more intensive storms dumping a large amount of water in a short period of time; we have to plan for that.