    Mr. Gibson. Well, thanks, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the panelists.    The attack this morning reminds us we are still at war with an evil, determined enemy that must be defeated.    And earlier in the testimony today, we had discussion about restoring deterrence as well, peace through strength. And I am interested in hearing first from General Dunford. The RAND Corporation has published a study, Limiting Regret: Building the Army We Will Need, and here we are talking about the ERI initiative.    And RAND concludes that we are going to need three armored brigade combat teams and associated forces to restore a credible deterrence. I am interested to know whether or not you agree with that assessment, and if you don't, then what you think is necessary to restore that credible deterrence.    And then, for both the Secretary and for the Chief, I have a bill, a bipartisan bill, over 40 cosponsors now, the POSTURE Act, which stops the drawdown for the Army and the Marine Corps. That is the total Army, the Army, the National Guard, the Army Reserve, and the Active Duty Marine Corps and the Marine Corps Reserve.    Assuming that that would come with the necessary resources for operations so that we don't hollow out the force and the complement of modernization that goes with it, I am interested in your assessment on how that would impact the risk that we currently have, given the fact that earlier in your testimony today, Mr. Secretary, you talked about where we are today was based on a series of assumptions which have changed.    So how would this POSTURE Act, if enacted with the necessary resources so we don't hollow out the force, how do you assess that would impact the risk, and how might these additional land forces be arrayed to deal with things, such as the ERI?    Mr. Gibson. Well, thank you, General.    And let me just say for my colleagues and for the American people watching at home for the record that we are on path to draw down our land forces to pre-World War II levels. We had General Milley here last week, and he describes the array and the mission set, and given the changes to the assumption as high risk and given the fact that when you turn this off, it takes 3 to 4 years to actually get the combat readiness restored, I think this bipartisan bill, we need to summon the will, get the resources, and get it enacted.    And, with that, I know my time has expired. Thank you, Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Scott.