    Mr. Neumann. Thank you, Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Sherman, distinguished members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to talk about countering the propaganda of groups like I saw on the Internet.    My team and I in London have dedicated the past 4 years to understanding why young Muslims from Western countries are fighting with the jihadist groups in Syria and also why some of them are staying home, becoming inspired by jihadist propaganda, and end up attacking their own countries.    Based on this research and based on our accumulated knowledge about these people, some of whom are very dangerous, let me use this opportunity to make a couple of points each on the way that ISIL is using the Internet, how to counter their narrative, and finally what government needs to do to be more effective in this space.    Let me start by addressing how ISIL is using the Internet. ISIL has been more successful in exploiting the Internet than any group I have seen in 17 years of researching terrorism.    As many have pointed out, the sophistication of some of its products, the range of platforms it uses, the way it segments according to audiences, and how it has succeeded at times in dominating the conversation, all of this is unprecedented.    But--and that is my second point--the online ecosystem of ISIL goes beyond the group itself and includes more than just the videos that we are always talking about. What gives ISIL so much punch online are also, for example, individual fighters who facilitate one-on-one conversations.    It is also what we call the cheerleaders and fan boys and wannabes--people who aren't actually members of ISIS who are not based on Syria but are essentially freelance supporters often based in the West. They are the ones who are giving the group its online oomph. As far as online is concerned, what we are taking about is not just a group. It is what one of my colleagues, Dr. Nico Prucha, described as a swarm.    So how do we counter this swarm? I want to focus on the question of counter narratives. First point, there isn't one counter narrative and there isn't one counter narrator. Just like ISIL is segmenting its message according to audiences, you need to recognize that people are becoming attracted to ISIL for different reasons, have different interests, and are different points along the path of radicalization.    Some will indeed listen to a Salafi sheikh. Others are more receptive to a former jihadist and yet others are receptive to a movie star. Credibility, though, ultimately comes from authenticity and that is why the most credible messengers, in my view, are young people who are just like the ones whom ISIL is trying to recruit. We need more of them online.    And that brings me to my next point. To counter a swarm, you need a swarm. What's needed is scale. Scale, in my view, is more important than message.    Even if we found the perfect message, the perfect messenger--even if we managed to produce the perfect video, it would still be a drop in the ocean. There still wouldn't be enough oomph.    This is the Internet. People are exposed to thousands of things every day. To get your message through, you need to be loud, you need volume and you can't be on your own.    Rather than getting every single thing right, the emphasis should be on getting stuff out. I want to close with two quick observations on how government can be more effective in this space.    First, government alone will never be able to create the volume that is needed. It is not a credible messenger in this space and, worst of all, government is by definition risk averse, which is the opposite of what you need to have--what you need to be online.    For that reason, I wholeheartedly support the change of approach that's happened earlier this year--away from government-centered messaging toward empowering and working with partners--industry, NGOs, media companies, grassroots organizations, maybe even philanthropists who, by the way, haven't been doing enough in this space to sponsor hackathons, competitions, training, campaigns or setting up an independent online fund where people can go for small grants and lots of them.    Facebook recently set up an organization in Germany called OCCI, the Online Civil Courage Initiative, which has been designed precisely to counter extremist speech online. We need more of that and whatever government can do not to run them but to help them bring about it should do.    My final point--we need more data. It is almost an embarrassment. It is an embarrassment for everyone who works and is interested in this area. But we really still do not know what works. The initiatives that have happened have been so small scale and few in number they haven't generated enough data to make meaningful assertions.    This must be a priority for industry, for government, for NGOs running programs, and for all of them together.    Many thanks.    Mr. Neumann. Yes. I think it matters, but it matters not on its own. What happened in the summer of 2014 was, of course, that ISIS declared a caliphate.    But whilst it was declaring the caliphate, it was basically running over the Middle East. It was conquering a different province of Iraq every week.    And so a lot of the people who were sitting in Europe or in other countries who were receptive to this were thinking wow, it is actually happening--it is not just a formula--it is not just a matter of words--it is actually action that meets the formulation of words.    And so that is what ISIS has always been about. It has been about the combination of a religious justification, however hollow we may think it is, in combination with the projection of strength and power and success. And I would argue the reason why so many people went in the summer of 2014 is because during that period ISIS really was projecting strength, power, and success and all these young people who were sitting in the suburbs of Paris or in disenfranchised parts of Brussels they were thinking, I can go from zero to hero in nothing if I join that group.    I do think that if the U.S. and the coalition managed to retake Mosul and Raqqa it would be a big blow for ISIS. I don't think it will be that easy to just transfer everything over to Libya or to another place.    Mr. Neumann. If I can just add one thing from the European experience because these intervention programs have run in different European countries with mixed successes. I think one lesson you can draw is that it is very important that it is not principally law enforcement and that is because parents will not call that hotline if they think that it is the police that is answering the phone and arresting their kid.    They will call but they will leave it to the very last minute when it is usually too late. If you want them to call early when something can still be done you need to give them the confidence that their kid is not going to be immediately arrested and that is why it is important that in this early phase law enforcement is not involved, as hard as it is for law enforcement to let go.    Mr. Neumann. No, there isn't, and one thing I wanted to highlight is the contrast between what I think needs to be done and what happened in the past with CSCC.    So when CSCC said let us counter ISIL online propaganda they would produce a film, it would take a long time, a lot of people would have to approve and then eventually there would be a film coming out.    Now imagine that instead YouTube was launching a competition and was saying, what's wrong with ISIS? You have 1 week. The prize is an internship with Google. I can guarantee you there would be 5,000 student projects, volunteers, classes from across the country and beyond producing little videos.    Now, of these 5,000, 80 percent would be really awful. Twenty percent would be okay and maybe 2 percent would go viral. That would still be a multiple of the output that CSCC has ever produced.    It would not say State Department and it would be a lot more authentic and it would cost nothing. That's why $21 million is an abstract figure. If those $21 million are being used to foster----