    Mr. Ivy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning, everyone. I bring you warm greetings from sunny Florida.    The American Public Power Association, based in Washington, DC, is the national service organization for the more than 2,000 not-for-profit community-owned electric utilities in the United States. Lakeland Electric in Lakeland, Florida, is an APPA member, serving approximately 122,000 customer accounts in central Florida for the past 110 years. Like other public power utilities represented by APPA, Lakeland Electric was created to serve the needs of its local community by providing low-cost, reliable electric service on a not-for-profit basis.    Public power utilities have been improving our grid-based technologies for some time now. As fiber optic systems started to become more prolific, the application of smarter tools and equipment became truly viable. Together with newer wireless technologies, we have been able to greatly expand access to information, perhaps like never before.    I will discuss initiatives being, excuse me, under--I will discuss initiatives being undertaken nationwide by public power utilities related to grid innovation, but focus the bulk on my testimony on what Lakeland Electric has done and why. I am defining grid innovation as including deployment of smart meter technologies and communication systems to support those and other technologies, deployment of distributed generation, or DER, distributed energy resources, including storage. Increased real- and near-time real-time monitoring of power systems, which enhances situational awareness, and management of the big data being accumulated through the use of smart grid technologies. In addition, I want to discuss briefly some of the challenges to deploying these technologies, including cybersecurity.    So the deployment of AMI, or automated metering infrastructure, is significantly more mainstream than a decade ago. It has become almost the default choice for upgrades to meters, leaving on the question of using fiber or wireless, or in Lakeland's case, both. This effort was kick-started with Federal grants and loans, of which my organization was a proud recipient. In fact, we completed our deployment in 2013, and are now offering customer access to their information via our Web portal, and have some creative alternative rate programs for earlier adopters to use to save money and energy in their homes and businesses.    The APPA and Lakeland are generally supportive of distributed energy resource technologies, such as rooftop solar, but the concepts of rate programs that will continue to spur this investment, while allowing utilities recovery of our fixed cost, is among the fastest growing issues in our industry. Excuse me. Net metering in some locations such as Lakeland provides a customer credit based on the full retail rate, which may allow customers to reach a net-zero bill on an annual basis. Changes to our rates must not punish the early adopters who invested in older, more expensive solar technologies. At the same time, we must ensure utilities have proper revenue to recover the cost of our poles, wires and generators. This rate design issue is going on appropriately at local and State levels across the country, including in Lakeland.    Regarding distributed energy resources, utilities are also concerned about customers having access to good information that allows them to make sound decisions without future regrets. Business practices that may be leading to the provision of erroneous information to customers, including information provided by certain solar leasing companies related to the payback of the leases, which are in turn being tied to unrealistically high assessments of annual electricity price increases, are at the heart of our concern.    The future construct of the smart grid is full of unknowns as we look out longer into the future, and continued Federal support for funding innovative projects will be very important as our Nation's entrepreneurs provide the newest and best support equipment and processes.    Finally, Lakeland--Federal, State, and local collaboration is essential to maintaining physical and cybersecurity. While Lakeland has adopted cybersecurity as an essential business practice, the collaboration with governments at all levels remains a critical component, particularly related to information sharing.    In summary, public power utilities like Lakeland Electric are deploying a variety of technologies to optimize a grid for more efficient and reliable service. In so doing, we worked very collaboratively with our customers, our policymakers, and our communities to determine what is most appropriate at the local level. The Federal Government can help in terms of targeted grants, and research and development, as well as in the area of cybersecurity, by sharing actionable and timely information with the industry.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for allowing me to be here.    Mr. Ivy. So we have enabled the customer information to be available on a customer account basis by anybody that is willing to get in there and look at what their consumption patterns are. We have also deployed shift-to-save rates. Our shift-to-save rate is a three-tiered rate. It is intended to incentivize people to go to a lower cost rate that is in an off-peak period of the day. We have a winter peak, oddly enough, in Florida, but we have a lot of northern visitors. So the tendency of wanting to get people to shift their consumption patterns from like 7 o'clock in the morning, everybody takes a shower, everybody turns on their heater, a cold morning, or two or three cold mornings in a row, and all of a sudden we have a winter peak that looks like this. That is what we have to build our system to.    So we are actively engaged with the consumers in outreach groups and civic organizations, and whatnot, trying to get them to get a good feel for how they can use that data to their advantage.    Mr. Ivy. We are actually going through the throws of that in Florida. The Sunshine State has sunshine laws that allows everything be done in the sunshine. So if you are a public agency like we are, for example, we are kind of beholding to public records requests and we are to be providing what the requestor is asking for. At the heart of kind of what you are saying with us is, there is also information that we are keeping hourly information on metering data, things that can indicate whether or not people are home or not, closer to a real-time basis than just the monthly consumption information perhaps that they could get before. So we are wanting to push the notion in Tallahassee that perhaps we want to close that down just a little bit without getting rid of peoples' ability to still get access to historical-type information.    Those conversations are important. They need to be had because we need to make sure that we are protecting the consumers' information.    Mr. Ivy. We have actually touched on this quite a bit, and Mr. Atkinson did a fair job of describing that I think. So if there is an outage somewhere in the field, like he said, in the original hub and spoke method, you are just out if you are downstream of that, or even in some area around it you are still out.    We are installing in our company, and other municipalities and investment utilities around the country are pretty advanced already in the tactics of installing these high-speed switches that are sensing where these short-circuits are in the system, and they are talking to each other to try to figure out how to isolate it----    Mr. Ivy . And then the goal is to have it just isolated to the smallest area that you can possibly have it in. So then that allows us then also to dispatch somebody straight to what the problem is, because normally it is lightning, it is trees, it is an animal, something that can be cleared up very quickly, we can get the lights back on very, very quickly.    Mr. Ivy. Our preference is certainly at the local level because all of our systems have these unique nuances to them. I think somebody had brought up in Iowa, for example, their system is pretty sparse. They don't serve a lot of customers. Their needs are going to be decidedly different from mine. I am like a 258 square mile service area, very dense, pretty good population base. So the kinds of things that we need to do in my area are going to be decidedly different from what other people would want to do. And then you have the State rules that go along with the implementation, or not, incentives or not, that exist, so it can get pretty much--well, I am just going to say, there is no one-size-fits-all for us, and so our preference is to keep it as local as possible.    Mr. Ivy. Um-hum.    Mr. Ivy. Let us look a little bit at the macroeconomic piece of it. And, you know, the answer or the solution for the future is, and I will tell you is a combination of all the stuff that we have been talking about. So you have a great panel here.    We--when we build a $300 million natural gas combined cycle generating unit, we spread the cost of that out over 25 to 40 years maybe, and whoever is on the system at the time gets to help--not only do they get the benefit of it, but they get to help pay their share of the cost for that facility.    I have been challenged with being a little stodgy, little narrow-minded in my thinking, but we are that way be design and I accept that almost as a pat on the back because we are that way by design. We don't change quickly. I am leveraged right now about 60 percent debt to my assets, and that is fairly typical for the utility business. So we still have to look at the long-term payout before we start looking at a rapid and widespread integration of these different types of technologies that we are hearing. That is one of my main concerns. And I will tell you, that is a local issue, and we are talking about it. We are talking about it with our city commission, about the need to start changing our minds about how long we should be amortizing that debt out like that. So it is going on but unfortunately, it is not going to happen really quick.    Mr. Ivy. The opt-out provision is as much not wanting to have a smart meter on the side of their house as it is anything else, frankly. So they have a standard digital meter that we read manually once a month. That is not very many that are left, and less than \1/2\ a percent of our consumers went that direction. I am more concerned about the hourly information that we can collect and maintain in our large database that we have. That is the part that I am looking to try to conceal, and if people can still get access to more historical-type information that they can get already before smart meters were available, fine. I don't have an issue with that.    Mr. Ivy. If I can jump in. I assume you are talking about retail customer consumption, industrial consumer demand. What we are seeing all across our industry is kind of a suppression of demand increase on us. So on a per unit basis, let us say, households, for example, they are not consuming even though they have as many appliances as they have ever had. They have much more energy-efficient appliances. And we are seeing a little bit of that on the industrial sector as well. We are going to see a--I will caveat this, based on the cost of energy, we could see an increase in industrial demand based on industrial growth, able to add new processes to their facilities and whatnot, and I think that is very important while we continue to keep our eye on what the price that we are giving them is, because that signals what they are going to be doing. That is going to be probably where the main amount of growth in electricity consumption comes from, in my opinion.    Mr. Ivy. As renewable energy gets to be much more prolific in our industry, our ability to offload the variability is a way to help manage the system reliability. If any one of us believes that we are going to get up to 30, 40, 50 percent penetration and manage it all on our own, we are not drinking the right Kool-Aid. So I think it is very important that we start looking at--in Texas' case, that is almost blasphemy to say that you are going to build transmission outside the State like that, but you may well get to the point where that needs to be the thing that you do just to be able to help manage the variability, but still facilitate----