    Mrs. Wagner. Well, I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank you for a lifetime of leadership on this issue for all of those giving a voice to the most vulnerable and those who are oftentimes voiceless. I served 4 years as a United States Ambassador in Western Europe, and was very familiar with human trafficking vis-a-vis the international aspect of things. But I will tell you, it wasn't until I came home to my own country in 2009, decided to run for office myself, put my own name on the yard sign, dug into a few things, and realized how prevalent this scourge, this modern-day slavery is, and the prevalence here domestically in our own country.    This is, domestically, a $9.5 billion business. There are upwards, according to the Justice Department, of 300,000, mostly young girls, at risk for this. And we as a Congress, other than reauthorizing the fantastic work that Chairman Smith has done, really had not gotten up to date on some of the new technologies, and the new things going on over the last decade, so I brought this up. I am on the Financial Services Committee. I do a lot in defense, and veterans issues, but this, this, fighting this scourge of human trafficking and sex slavery is a passion of mine. And so we went forward, introduced several pieces of legislation last Congress. I can tell you in January, along with Chairman Smith's bill and many others, we passed 12 pieces of legislation for human trafficking in January out of the House of Representatives. The Senate has taken a number of them up. They worked things out and four of those will be coming back to us next week which we were very excited about; things that will bolster law enforcement, and prosecutors, and give you, sir----    Mrs. Wagner . The tools that you need and that you have been asking for. You know, I can't tell you enough, truly, our attorney general of Utah, General Reyes, the kind of work that you have been doing to fight this on a day-in-and-day-out basis, but we are going to give you some of the tools, the resources, and help those victims in terms of safehouses, and education, and awareness.    My particular piece of legislation is called the SAVE Act, and it goes on, and in the last 12 years or so, obviously, the Internet has just blown up and skyrocketed. And there are these online predators and advertisers on outlets like backpage.com, and many others that make it--I hate to say it but it is the truth--make it as easy to order up a young 14-year-old girl to their hotel room as it is a pepperoni pizza. It is deplorable.    So this does not go after the Communications Decency Act. It is not going after any kind of freedom of speech issue. This goes into the criminal code. And in the criminal code, section 1591, for human trafficking there is a litany of words that constitute human trafficking. It is things like transporting, harboring, coercing, and on, and on, and on. And all we did was simply add advertising. And I don't care whether it is a billboard or a flier, or something you see in the back of a magazine or one of these online predators that are making, let me tell you, $4 million to $5 million a month off of selling our women and children, and young boys too.    So I recognize the work that many of you are doing from an international basis and I support that wholeheartedly. We have a number of great pieces of legislation like the International Megan's Law and other things that are so very important to our world society as we fight this scourge.    But I do want to always remind folks that this is hiding in plain sight in our own backyards, in our own cul-de-sacs, in our own faith communities, in every school district. And we have to not just do things legislatively. We have to lift education and awareness. I met with a group of superintendents last week when I was back in the district, and I said, you guys are fantastic. You do programs about bullying, about heroin, about boundaries, and maybe sexual assault, but have we ever discussed sex trafficking? How we ever discussed how these predators go online and what they are looking for. Maybe that nanny job isn't a real nanny job. Maybe that modeling job isn't a modeling job. Maybe whatever it may be, there are tools that we need to provide our youth and, frankly, our counselors and others.    So we are working with convention, and visitor's bureaus, with transportation outlets, with healthcare professionals, obviously, with our prosecutors and our law enforcement, but I want to take it to the next level, which is educational awareness in our schools.    So I am just so thrilled that after 3 years, we are going to have a number of pieces of human trafficking legislation that have passed the Senate, are moving back to the House for final passage here and I do believe that the President will sign this legislation. It is much needed. So I applaud the work that all of you are doing. I am so grateful to Chairman Smith for always shining a bright light on this issue. And I stand with you both internationally and domestically. And I have to tell you, General Reyes, the work that you are doing, and your commitment to this cause is absolutely head and shoulders above anyone that I have seen, literally, in the States, so I thank you, sir.    Mrs. Wagner. Hear, hear.    Mrs. Wagner. And I would agree with you, General, that a lot of this is maybe not large cartel business, but it is big business. And at the end of the day, it is follow the money. I will tell you that here domestically any given pimp generally traffics about six to eight women. They make $150,000 to $200,000 a year off of each one of those victims. And it is absolutely, as I have said before, deplorable. What lifts me up, though, and gives me great hope are people like you, Karlita, and survivors, and people that are willing to come forward and tell their stories.    I have been to the safehomes and the shelters. I have worked with these young people. I have been on sting operations myself--probably not quite on the frontline as you were, General--but I have been there when we have saved two young women and caught two pimps at the same time.    Mrs. Wagner. And you know, so we dig in big time. And at the end of the day there are things that we can do legislatively, obviously. But education an awareness are absolutely key, and I can't stress that enough. Across the board everywhere, whether it is our schools, whether it is in our hospitals, whether, as I said, it is in our convention and sports--St. Louis, my hometown, sadly, is in the top 20 for human trafficking, mainly because of its logistical location and its interstate access. So there are also things that I think that we can do. And we are putting some legislative teeth behind studies and bringing together research and information with who the most vulnerable are. Who are the ones that are most likely to be victimized, so that we can take care to watch out and over them and give folks the resources and the information about how to not fall prey to this kind of victimization in the first place.    So again, I applaud your efforts. It is a labor of love, and one that I feel very, very passionately about. I have got a young daughter. I have nieces. I care about their future, the future of all of our young children and grandchildren, and I will fight legislatively. I will fight for education and awareness on this issue until the last breath in my body.    And I thank you, General. I will absolutely get with you. Some of my staff is here and we are working, as I said, on some best practices and programs for some of the schools. And I think we have gotten their attention. So I applaud you and I thank you, and I thank you Mr. Chairman, for giving me the latitude and the time today to come before you.