    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Comey, for your presence here today. And as one of my colleagues mentioned, your candor and open dialogue and communication is much appreciated, and it's not always the case with high-level government witnesses and others.    You testified today that you don't question Apple's motives in connection with the San Bernardino case. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And you also testified that there are no demons in this conversation, true?    Mr. Jeffries. But the Department of Justice has questioned the company's motives in defending the privacy of the American people. Isn't that right?    Mr. Jeffries. In fact, in the motion to compel that you referred to, I believe the prosecutor said that: ``Apple's current refusal to comply with the court's order, despite the technical feasibility of doing so, appears to be based on its concern for its business model and public brand marketing strategy.''    Is that the statement that you're referring to, sir?    Mr. Jeffries. William Bratton is the police commissioner of the New York City Police Department. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. That's the largest department in the country?    Mr. Jeffries. And he's one of the most respected law enforcement professionals in the country. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, at a February 18 press conference in New York City, publicly accused Apple of corporate irresponsibility. Are you familiar with that remark, sir?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. Do you agree with that strident statement, that Apple is engaging in corporate irresponsibility----    Mr. Jeffries . By vindicating its----    Mr. Jeffries. Fundamentally, as it relates to the position of those of us who are on the Judiciary Committee, as well as Members in the House and in the Senate, guardians of the Constitution, this is not about marketing or corporate irresponsibility, correct, this debate?    Mr. Jeffries. Right. But in terms of our perspective, this is really about fundamental issues of importance as it relates to who we are as a country, the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution, the reasonableness of government intrusion, the rule of law, the legitimate centuries-old concern as it relates to government overreach and the damage that that can do. This is fundamentally a big picture debate about some things that are very important to who we are as a country, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. Now, in terms of the technology that's available today, Americans seem to have the opportunity to choose between privacy or unfettered access to data which can reveal the far reaches of their life to a third party, to a government, to a bad actor. Would you agree that there's an opportunity that the technology is providing for Americans to choose privacy?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. So let me ask a few questions. One of the obstacles to unfettered access is the passcode, correct? The passcode.    Mr. Jeffries. A four-number or a six-number passcode.    Mr. Jeffries. Okay.    Mr. Jeffries. Let me drop ``unfettered.''    Mr. Jeffries. The passcode is an obstacle, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, you can choose a passcode or choose not to activate a passcode, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. Now, whether you back up your system or not is an issue as it relates to access, correct? In other words, if you don't back up your system, you don't have access, correct, to the cloud?    Mr. Jeffries. Right. Now, with respect to auto erase, that is a choice that's being made. In other words, you have to actually affirmatively choose auto erase. If you didn't choose it, in this particular case or in any other case, eventually your computer is powerful enough to get access to the data, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. My time has expired, but I think it's important as we frame this debate to understand that it is actually the American citizen that is choosing on at least three different occasions in three different ways the value of privacy, and that's something that we should respect as Congress attempts to craft a solution.    Mr. Jeffries. I thank my good friend from Pennsylvania for yielding. I want to thank all of the witnesses for your presence here today. It's been a very informative discussion. In particular, I want to thank DA Vance for your presence, and certainly for the many progressive and innovative programs that you have in Manhattan, proving that you can be both tough and fair as a prosecutor, and that has not gone unnoticed.    Let me start with Mr. Sewell. There's an extensive record of cooperation that Apple has with law enforcement in the San Bernardino case. Isn't that fair to say?    Mr. Jeffries. I think it's useful to put some of this on the record. On December 5, the Apple emergency 24/7 call center received a call concerning the San Bernardino shooting. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. And you responded with two document productions that day, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Right. In fact, the next day, I think, Apple received a search warrant for information relating to at least three email accounts. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. You complied with that request?    Mr. Jeffries. And so I think also on January 22, you received another search warrant for iCloud information related to the iPhone that was in possession of the male terrorist. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. So the issue here is not really about cooperation, as I understand it. Apple has clearly cooperated in an extensive fashion as it relates to all of the information that you possess.    The question, I think, that we all, on the Judiciary Committee and beyond, have to consider is the notion of you being asked, as a private company, to create anti-encryption technology that currently does not exist and could jeopardize the privacy and security of presumably hundreds of millions of iPhone users throughout the country and the world. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, Mr. Vance, are you familiar with the Arizona v. Hicks Supreme Court case from the late 1980's?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. The Supreme Court held that police conducted an unconstitutional search of evidence that was not in plain view. It was a decision that was written by Justice Antonin Scalia. And the most important point that I want you to reflect upon is, he stated, in authoring the majority opinion, that ``There is nothing new about the realization that the Constitution sometimes insulates the criminality of the few in order to protect the privacy of us all.''    Do you agree that embedded in the fabric of our Constitution, the Fourth Amendment, and beyond, is the notion that we value the privacy rights of Americans so deeply, that, at times, it is something that will trump law enforcement convenience?    Mr. Jeffries. Well, I think--if I can----    Mr. Jeffries . Just interject. I mean, I think that that is a balance that ultimately the Congress is going to have to work out, and also the Article III court systems, certainly beyond an individual magistrate, who is not even appointed for lifetime tenure, is going to have to work itself through the court system, a district court judge, maybe the Ninth Circuit, ultimately the Supreme Court, and so the company exercising its right in an adversarial system to have all facts being aired on both sides of the debate is very consistent, in my view, with American democracy and jurisprudence.    There is just one last question that I wanted to ask as my time is expiring, because you raised an interesting point earlier in your testimony about an individual who is a suspected criminal who claimed that the encryption technology was a gift from God. But I also noted, I think, in your testimony that this individual communicated that in an intercepted phone conversation that presumably your office or others were wiretapping. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. Right.    Mr. Jeffries. Right.    Mr. Jeffries. And if I could just, in conclusion, I appreciate the Chair's indulgence. I think that illustrates the point, presumably, that it's fair to say that, in most instances, bad actors will make a mistake, and at the same time that he is heralding the availability of encryption technology to shield his activity from law enforcement surveillance and engagement, he is ignoring a plain-view sign that these conversations are being recorded and subjecting himself to unfettered government surveillance. And I think that I have faith in your ability, in the FBI's ability ultimately to outsmart the criminals and the bad actors without jeopardizing the privacy and the security of the American people.    Mr. Jeffries. My time is expired. I thank you.