    Mr. Husted. Thank you, Chairman DeSantis and Ranking Member Lynch and the members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to be here today. My name is Jon Husted. I am the Ohio Secretary of State, and in that capacity I serve as our State's chief election official. I am here to proactively address what I believe is an important issue facing my State and the Nation regarding the integrity of our elections.    As the chief elections official in a key swing State, I have tried to build an election system where it is easy to vote and hard to cheat. We have done this by ensuring easy access to the voting process and by working to ensure that only eligible voters are on the voting rolls. I want to bring to your attention my concern that the President's recent immigration accountability executive actions will make it more difficult for elections officials to determine if all voters meet the primary standard for voting, which is U.S. citizenship.    I am not here to debate immigration policy or the President's executive actions. However, I am here to emphatically say that we cannot follow both the Federal law and the executive action and ensure the integrity of the elections process without further assistance from Congress or from the Obama Administration. Let me briefly explain why.    For an estimated four to five million non-citizens, the President's executive actions provide access to Social Security numbers and driver's licenses. These are the same documents that Federal law requires the States to recognize as valid forms of identification for voter registration. Under Federal law, anyone with a valid Social Security number or driver's license number can register to vote provided they attest they are a U.S. citizen. However, there is no way for us to validate this citizenship Statement since, under the executive actions previously, undocumented non-citizens will have access to the same documents as U.S. citizens.    This issue becomes especially complicated in States like Ohio, where millions of dollars are spent on third-party voter registration drives where no election official would be present to make clear the eligibility requirements for voting. By signing the voter registration form and asserting citizenship falsely or erroneously, non-citizens could face real legal consequences. In Ohio, falsification is a fifth degree felony. This could affect their ability to remain in the United States and to become citizens.    Let me interject some perspective before I go further. It is not my belief that four to five million non-citizens are going to get on the voting rolls. Nor is it my belief that third-party registration drive organizers are waiting to exploit this loophole in law. While I am committed to ensuring the security and the integrity of the elections in Ohio and throughout the Country, it is important for us to recognize that people can sometimes sign documents, in this case a voter registration form, without fully comprehending the rules and requirements.    Acknowledging that I do not expect this to be a systemic or widespread problem, we also cannot ignore that there are real electoral consequences. Presidential elections get most of the attention, but every year there are thousands of State and local elections in Ohio, and in the last 15 months alone 70 elections in our State were decided by one vote or tied. Seventy elections were decided by one vote or tied. These were mayoral elections, school and tax levies, bond issues, members of city councils, township trustees, and school boards.    In light of these examples alone, we simply cannot overlook policies that may allow ineligible voters to cast ballots. We want to find the least intrusive solution to closing this loophole without making it unnecessarily difficult to register to vote.    While opinions may vary on the best solution for this issue, one thing is clear: we cannot solve this Federal problem solely at the State level alone.    In a letter to President Obama on January the 27th, I asked that his Administration provide election officials with realtime access to accurate searchable electronic data bases of non-citizens who have valid Social Security numbers. This would enable me and my counterparts in other States to prevent illegal registrations and, more importantly, reassure the public that steps have been taken to ensure only eligible voters are participating in Federal, State, and local elections.    In Ohio we are what we can to prevent non-citizen registrations in voting. We electronically share data between the State's Bureau of Motor Vehicles and our county boards of elections which process voter registrations. This partnership and the data provided allow my office to conduct a review of Ohio's voter rolls to determine if, through the use of a driver's license, non-citizens were registered to vote in Ohio.    Following the 2012 Presidential election, we found through this information that 291 non-citizens were registered to vote and 17 had actually cast ballots. Those 17 were referred for further investigation and prosecution, and my office sent letters to the other 274 to cancel their voter registrations.    However, without Federal assistance, we cannot perform the same cross-match with registrations using Social Security numbers. As a result, these executive actions could significantly increase the potential pool of illegal registrations in Ohio and around the Country.    It is also important to note that Federal law limits the ways States can maintain their voter rolls, in some cases prohibiting States from removing a voter from the rolls until they have been inactive for two consecutive Federal general elections. That means that when evidence suggests a person is a non-citizen on the rolls, we cannot remove them immediately; they have to remove themselves. This makes it especially important that we prevent an ineligible voter from getting on the rolls in the first place.    As I Stated earlier, my focus as the chief elections official in Ohio is to make it easy to vote and hard to cheat. The debate over voter fraud and voter suppression already breeds significant hyperbole from across the political spectrum that erodes public confidence. In this environment, administering elections fairly and accurately becomes more difficult when the path exists where millions more non-citizens can register to vote in elections and elections officials have no way to identify these individuals.    Mr. Husted. Mr. Chairman, I have not.    Mr. Husted. What we have asked them for are anybody who is receiving a Social Security number who is a non-citizen, we would like to have the name, the date of birth, and the last four digits of their Social Security number. That would allow us to match it against our Statewide voter data base to determine whether anyone who is a non-citizen is on our voter rolls, and then we would go through the process of trying to remove them.    But that is simply what we are asking for. We believe that it is something that should be easily doable for the Federal Government. And that would include people who are here under present tools that allow you to be in America legally and those who would come under the President's new administrative action.    Mr. Husted. Off the top of my head, I believe that sounds about right.    Mr. Husted. That is correct.    Mr. Husted. When you apply for a driver's license in Ohio as a non-citizen, you have to indicate that at the time you receive your license. We went back, searched that data, then went and looked at the Statewide voter roll after the election, found the matches of 291 people, and then waited an entire year, because this is self-reported data, and then waited an entire year to see if these individuals also self-reported themselves as non-citizens a year later. So it is their information; they are the ones that provided it.    Mr. Husted. That is the only way we could get to it.    Mr. Husted. It could be higher. That is just what we can find out at this point.    Mr. Husted. That is correct.    Mr. Husted. That is in the past 15 months.    Mr. Husted. Yes. We have had 70 elections that were decided by one vote or a tie.    Mr. Husted. That is correct.    Mr. Husted. Correct.    Mr. Husted. Yes. In Ohio, as you are well aware, there are a lot of third-party voter registration drives. Their goal is to register as many people as they can. A lot of times those individuals don't take the care that somebody at the DMV might be at explaining the rules for doing this, and a lot of times folks who--of that 291, some of them didn't even know that they weren't allowed to be registered to vote.    Mr. Husted. Correct.    Mr. Husted. It says we are letting them down and we need to fix it.    Mr. Husted. That is correct.    Mr. Husted. No.    Mr. Husted. He did not, no.    Mr. Husted. I am not aware of any contact.    Mr. Husted. We did not get contacted, and I would say why I wrote the letter is that I want to comply with the Federal law.    Mr. Husted. We have not. And it is particularly important when you are the Secretary of State from Ohio because we will get sued for not complying with the Federal law.    Mr. Husted. Ranking Member Norton, that is not true. What is true in Ohio is that we have nearly a month to vote, 24 hours----    Mr. Husted. I did not.    Mr. Husted. And the answer to your question is I did not.    Mr. Husted. I set uniform hours for the State of Ohio so that every voter would have equal access. The local----    Mr. Husted. I am denying.    Mr. Husted. I had nothing to do with it. Those were local election officials that did that.    Mr. Husted. That is not true, ma'am. We have complied with the Federal court ruling. We were also granted a stay.    Mr. Husted. We immediately complied.    Mr. Husted. Ma'am, that is how the justice system works.    Mr. Husted. And they did hear my case.    Mr. Husted. They gave us a stay, and it is still in Federal court.    Mr. Husted. Ma'am, we vote for twice as long as the District of Columbia does, and everybody votes by the same rules.    Mr. Husted. Ma'am, I understand that, and I would invite you to Ohio to see what we do. I enforce the Ohio law, I don't make the Ohio law. But when granted the opportunity to establish hours, I have granted 2 weekends of early voting on the Sunday and Saturday before the elections; and that is how the Presidential election will be run in Ohio under a directive that I have issued so long as the courts allow so.    Mr. Husted. I do not, sir.    Mr. Husted. We referred 291 cases on the non-citizen aspect of the issues. Those are two separate reports, so that you know; there was the voter fraud report, which did not include our non-citizen research because we had to wait for a calendar year after the election to double-check our work on that to make sure we didn't include anybody that shouldn't have been on the list. But on the non-citizen piece, there were 291 non-citizens that were referred to the attorney general's office.    Mr. Husted. Those were investigated. Some of them were referred to local prosecutors. Seventeen of the people in those individual cases had voted; some of them have been prosecuted; there were plea agreements in other cases. But what we did with those who didn't vote, we simply sent them a letter and asked them to remove themselves from the voter rolls, because we do not have the authority under the law to remove them, so we asked them to remove themselves.    And then after waiting a few months, if they didn't comply, we sent them a second letter. And if they didn't respond to the second letter, then we turned them over to the attorney general's office for further action. Some of them removed themselves; some of them have, in some cases they didn't know they were on the voter rolls; in some cases they didn't know that they weren't allowed to be on the voter rolls; and in some cases we have never been able to track the individual down.    Mr. Husted. I think it is across the board. Some people were on there that knew they shouldn't be; some people were on there that didn't know that they shouldn't be.    Mr. Husted. I certainly do.    Mr. Husted. Yes, sir, I do, and I am here to try to find a solution to that problem, because as the Ohio Secretary of State, we cannot comply with the Federal law if we don't have access to the name, the date of birth, and the last four digits of the Social Security number. And we will see litigation where the courts will settle this issue rather than the Congress or the Administration, and I ask of you to give us what we need so that we can comply with the Federal law.    Mr. Husted. Mr. Walker, no amount of voter fraud is OK, particularly for a Secretary of State who is in charge of overseeing elections. And I have heard the topic come up about voter turnout. I think voter turnouts improve when people believe that their elections are run with integrity. And this is part of helping to build confidence in the entire system of elections, and that is, in part, along with the legal responsibilities I have, as to why I am here today.    Mr. Husted. I would just reiterate that I can't answer the question without access to the last four digits of the Social Security number, the name, and the date of birth, because there is no way for us to make that determination without access to that information.    Mr. Husted. Thirty-nine percent.    Mr. Husted. In Ohio we use the Federal standard.    Mr. Husted. We have an ID law, but not a strict photo ID law, so you could use bank Statements and another type of document.