    Admiral Rogers. Thank you, sir.    Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Langevin, and distinguished members of the committee, I am honored to appear before you today to discuss our military cybersecurity posture, and I would like to thank you for convening this forum.    I am equally pleased to be sitting alongside my colleagues from each of the four service components of the United States Cyber Command. It gives me great pride to appear before you today to highlight and commend the accomplishments of the uniformed and civilian personnel of U.S. Cyber Command and its components, and I am both grateful for and humbled by the opportunity that I have been given to lead this cyber team.    The current threat environment is, as you have just described in your opening remarks, uncertain. That said, we are certain of one particular thing, and that is the pervasive nature of these cyber threats and the sophistication of the adversaries we face. Our military networks are probed for vulnerabilities literally thousands of times a day. The very assets within our military that provide us formidable advantages over adversaries are precisely the reason that our enemies seek to map, understand, exploit, and disrupt our global network architecture.    The cyber intruders of today not only want to disrupt our actions, but they seek to establish a permanent presence on our networks. Quite simply, threats and vulnerabilities are changing and expanding at an accelerating and significant pace. Compounding this threat is the fact that we are dependent on cyberspace. Operating freely and securely in cyberspace is critical to not only our military and our government, but also to the private sector, which is responsible for maintaining much of our Nation's critical infrastructure to including that of key parts of the Department of Defense.    The bottom line is weakness in cyberspace has the potential to hold back our success in every field where our is engaged. And I would like to focus in our comments today on the progress we have made so far, the achievements that we are doing in the operational arena, and what I think is the way ahead, and I look forward to that discussion.    With that, I will conclude my opening remarks.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you very much.    And General Cardon.    General Cardon. Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Langevin, members of the committee, it is an honor to be here on behalf of the U.S. Army Cyber Command and Second Army alongside Admiral Rogers and my fellow commanders.    We appreciate the work of this committee to protect the American people from emerging threats and ensure our military has the capabilities we need to defend the Nation. Over the last few years we have had tremendous momentum, both within the institution and operationalizing cyberspace, but a lot of work remains. For the institution, we have consolidated cyberspace under one commander. We have created the Cyber Center of Excellence in Fort Gordon, Georgia, and the Army Cyber Institute at the United States Military Academy.    The Army is currently establishing the necessary frameworks to build capabilities for the Army, and by extension, the Joint Force. Operationally, we are making progress with mission-focused approaches supporting Army and combatant commanders. We made progress this year developing the Army's portion of the Cyber Mission Force with 25 of 41 teams on mission now, and we expect to have all 41 on mission by the end of fiscal year 2016 as planned.    In the face of determined adversaries, though, we are employing these teams as they reach initial operating capability and will continue to bring forces and capabilities online through 2017. The threat, vulnerabilities, and missions set, demand this sense of urgency. This also includes bringing online 21 U.S. Army Reserve and Army National Guard Protection Teams that will be trained at the same standards as the Active Component cyber force.    We are going to need more personnel beyond the Cyber Mission Force to build out the support required to fully employ the Cyber Mission Force and to build capabilities for Army formations. To better manage our people, the Army created a cyber branch, and we are exploring the creation of a cyber career field for civilian personnel.    For training, we have a centrally funded joint model for individually training, but we are working to also build collective training capabilities and their associated facilities within a joint construct. For equipping the forces, we are developing and refining the necessary framework to give us the agility that we will need in programming, resourcing, and acquisition for infrastructure platforms and tools. And for a more defensible architecture and network, we are partnered with the Army's Chief Information Officer and Defense Information Systems Agency in the Air Force for an extensive network modernization efforts.    These are essential for the security, operation, and defense of our Department of Defense networks. We have made tremendous progress, and with your support we have the necessary program resources to continue our momentum, but we cannot delay for the struggle is on us now.    Thank you, and I will be happy to answer your questions.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you very much, General.    Admiral Tighe.    Admiral Rogers. My first comment would be ensure a steady resource stream here. If you look at sequestration, the implications of the Budget Control Act for us, if you executed that, would have significant impact on our ability to execute the operational vision and would have impact on our ability to defend our own Department's networks, the expectation from the rest of the Nation that the Department of Defense is going to be there to provide capability to defend critical U.S. infrastructure.    It will slow and in some cases stop our ability to generate teams. It will lead us into contractual default issues. For example, we are in a MILCON project right now that you have funded to actually create physical infrastructure for U.S. Cyber Command. Because we are new, we have only funded two out of the three years of that, so if we have another issue with that we will have contractual issues.    Bottom line, though, our ability to defend the Nation and our Department from a cyber perspective in the world that we are facing, with the threats we are facing, is significantly impacted if we can't sustain the resource budget picture that we have developed.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. And I share your concern to the point it would be very helpful to me, Admiral, if you could provide a written response to that question which specifically would address specific delays and levels of confusion. Our colleagues need to know this because it is not as appreciated, I think, as it should be. So that would be very helpful.    Admiral Rogers. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Admiral Tighe, in your testimony you mentioned designing resiliency in programs through common standards and protocols. Could you give us an example of what you mean by that?    For the others, how do you think that we will be able to measure the resiliency of your programs?    Admiral Rogers. So, I think you raised some significant issues. Clearly they are much broader than just U.S. Cyber Command, although we are an important part of this dialogue, we are an important part of this process. If I could, I will start with the second half first and then work my way back.    In terms of how we make sure that we are maximizing the capabilities that we are building across the total force from the Reserve, the Guard, and the Active Component, particularly as you have indicated, when are applying it outside the Title 10 framework, the argument, you know, my part of the discussion is, look, we have a very competent, mature structure in the form of defense support to civil authorities that we currently use already in many other mission areas in the Department.    I think that is a good starting point for us when we look at how we are going to apply capability in Title 18, Title 5, Title 52. So I think there is a good framework for us to build around, and that is kind of the starting position, if you will, that we are taking as a Department, broadly speaking.    The first part of the question that you raised about how do we make sure that even as we are generating capability we are also thinking about the doctrine and the legal authority, if you will, that helps frame how we apply it in a way that maximizes outcomes and it does it in a framework that we are all comfortable with.    I think on the doctrinal side, I am pretty comfortable that we have got a broad vision. If you look, we have got publications. We have got a broad dialogue about how we are going to do it. I think the biggest challenge in some ways that we are still trying to wrestle our way through here is if we are going to generate or apply these capabilities outside the DOD framework, let's say in defending critical U.S. infrastructure, that is an area that we still have to work through the details.    Okay, so what is the legal and policy framework that we are going to use? I am comfortable that in a crisis we will work our way through it, but the point I am trying to make is we don't want to wait until a crisis to do this. You want to have this all laid out. You want the private sector to understand it. You want the rest of our governmental partners, because we are going to do this teaming with others in the government, DHS , FBI , other partners, and we want to make sure that we have laid that all out in advance.    So there is a variety of steps we are taking between exercises, between ongoing policy deliberations, and through the legal frameworks we are trying to create, for example, what the Congress is looking at for cyber information-sharing legislation. That is all a part of the efforts we are trying to move forward to address the important issue that you have highlighted.    Admiral Rogers. So if I could, Congressman, let me take a look at--give you an initial thought. The positive side, in my mind, is we have clearly delineated who has what responsibilities. And I say that, if we go back 2, 3 years ago, we literally spent years debating about who was going to have what role. And it literally probably took us 2 years to generate an internal consensus as to who was going to do what.    The positive side for me--I have now been in command coming up on approximately a year. The positive side for me is, hey, we have moved beyond a discussion of who ought to do what to, okay, now we have clearly identified who has what responsibilities. Now let's roll up our sleeves and focus on how we are going to make this work. Clearly we are not where we want to be yet.    The argument--not the argument--the point I try to make to my DHS because the vision as currently constructed is DOD will apply its capabilities in a supporting role, if you will, with DHS largely being the supported entity within the Federal Government as having the primary responsibility for cybersecurity outside the dot.gov domain, if you will, in the broader civilian infrastructure.    The point I am making with my teammates at DHS and the FBI, for example, are my military culture teaches me you got to train, you got to exercise, you got to get down to the execution level of detail, and you got to do that all before the crisis. You know, as you have learned in your own life, discovery learning while moving to contact is an incredibly bad way to go about generating insights and getting more proficient at the mission.    What I would suggest is we need to make this current. We need to wring this current system out, and before we go back again and spend more time on this, and one of the inputs I have provided is, hold us accountable for executing what we have created. And if in that experience we come to the conclusion that, hey, we made some assumptions that turned out to be flawed, then we ought to step back and relook at it. But for me at least, I am not there yet.    Admiral Rogers. Why don't you take that first cut because you have done some interesting work at the high school level.    General Wilson. Thank you, sir.    When you look at the young generation, really it's a STEM problem we have seen for years, no matter what the mission that we need in the DOD. And so when you take a look at it, you have got to get young folks excited about cybersecurity in this case. And what we find is is they yearn for interaction with people that are really doing the job. And it is fascinating to watch them in front of young airmen. It would be the same with a soldier, sailor, marine--it wouldn't make any difference--to be able to share, to put an 18-, 19-, 20-year-old in front of them because it is not hard for them to project themselves in the roles that we do every day.    And so what we found, probably the most successful, is this CyberPatriot. There is others like it. We have a Troops for Teens program there in San Antonio, that you are familiar with, sir. When we are able to interact with the schools at the grassroots level, seems to be the most effective. I would argue the CyberPatriot is very effective because we bring private industry in to enable from a funding perspective, so they are able to partner in the private--public-private partnership. We find that to be very, very powerful.    So in our case, I am proud to be wearing an Air Force uniform and that the Air Force Association sponsors the CyberPatriot program. We think we got a good thing going there. But the feedback from the local schools, teachers, mentors that we bring in to work with the kids, they just need more mentors. They need more attention.    And so while we can put more curriculum in place, that is a wonderful thing, to get kids excited, and I will give you just a couple of statistics in some of the, you know, studies that we have looked at in terms of kids that are coming out of the CyberPatriot program, the national average is typically 9 to 15 percent, depending, kids that are interested in cybersecurity or other STEM fields just across the student population.    We are seeing about those numbers when kids come in, but we are seeing graduates out of CyberPatriot at the 80, 85 percent rate that are interested in cybersecurity or STEM degrees when they go off to college. You could argue maybe that is because of the people that are joining the program. But I would argue that when you look at the caliber and the content of what they know when they walk in the door--they don't know a lot about cybersecurity--and when they walk out the door, they know a lot about it. And so it is getting them motivated. I think they can see themselves in those career fields. And so that exposure--the biggest reason we saw a 40 percent increase this year is we got into the middle schools. We incorporated the middle schools into the CyberPatriot program. Next year we are going to take a stab at the upper tiers of the elementary school and get them excited about doing cybersecurity.    I would argue that all of the services have similar programs, you know, and sometimes it is about flying or space out in the Air Force. Cyber is one of those. It is an exciting career field, and people see themselves in it.    And so I think that is the key, is to get our young folks excited about what the potential is for them.    Admiral Rogers. Well, let me be honest, Congressman, I don't know the details of the model, so I am not in a good position to tell you is it good or bad. Having said that, one of my takeaways in this area is clearly this is all about partnerships, and those partnerships have to include the private sector but not just the corporate or network owners, if you will, the educational piece, the academic piece, the ability to generate insights to go to the doctrine and the policy kinds of issues we had talked before.    I try to remind people, look, this has got to be a broader discussion. Look at, for example, some of the initial work we did in the nuclear world when we were first trying to develop deterrence theory that we take for granted now. The academic world played a huge role in that if you go back 50, 60 years. I would like to see us do the same thing.    And the other thing that concerns me about the academic world is, and one reason why I as a commander, I spend a fair amount of time at academic institutions from collegiate level down to I was just at a charter school in Harlem yesterday, as a matter of fact, as a follow-on to some work I was doing in New York City. As I remind them, you are educating our workforce. I have a vested interest in partnering with you to help us do that because the technology we use is important. And clearly, we can't execute our mission without it, but where we really gain our advantage, our true strength, is in the men and women who apply that technology.    Admiral Rogers. Can I make one other comment on the sequestration piece? The other thing that concerns me is the longer term implication. I watched the way at U.S. Cyber Command, particularly our civilian workforce, reacted to the government shutdown in the beginning of fiscal year 2014. And as we said to them, trust us. We want you to stay with us, this is a burp. And now I watch us repeat this kind of scenario where this time it is just significant funding cuts.    One of my concerns is, does our workforce start to believe, you know, I am not so sure that there is this long-term commitment, and given the skills that I have and the fact that I could make more money going elsewhere on the outside. The other concern I have, quite frankly, is that we are going to start to see elements of our workforce, civilian and potential military, start to walk away. And as I said, the technology is incredibly powerful, but the greatest edge that we have is our men and women. And when we lose them, we have got real problems.    Admiral Rogers. So one of my comments--and I, in fact, just raised this to the Joint Chiefs of Staff last week--was to remember cyber is much more than just the maneuver elements, the teams, if you will, that we are creating, that like every other mission set, cyber counts on a core set of enablers that we often tend to take for granted.    So rather than take a lot of time, I will highlight one area to you, and that, for example, is the power of intelligence, the fact that we rely on a broader intelligence structure to generate knowledge and insight about what is going on in our cyber environment and we use that insight then to apply this capability we're generating.    Without that kind of insight, we have real challenges, as we do in every other domain, about how do you maximize the effectiveness of the resources and the capabilities we have generated in this maneuver force.    So I constantly try to remind the broader set of partners that we work with in and outside the Department to it is more than just this cyber maneuver force here that we need to be thinking about.    General Cardon. Sir, enablers are really important. Often they are in high demand, low density in the Department. There is a lot of structures in place to work to prioritization. But it is truly combined arms. But I don't think we fully understand what we need yet.    And here is what I mean. When I took command, we had two teams. Today we have 25. By summer, we will have 41. The demands are growing. And how to best organize the enablers to meet all the demands that the teams are generating as the teams grow, we are working. We know we need more. To put a finite number on that yet I think is a little premature, but it is not what it is today.    Admiral Rogers. Let me start and then I will turn it over to my counterparts, because the services actually generate the capability, if you will, the workforce.    When I looked across the entire Cyber Mission Force, the positive side to date is that both accessions, input, if you will, across all the services is meeting target and retention--knock on wood--is actually higher in some ways than we had originally anticipated.    I think that is because--the thing I try to remind people is we are not going to compete on the basis of money. Where we are going to compete is the idea of ethos, culture, that, ``You are doing something that matters, that you are doing something in the service of the Nation, and that we are going to give you the opportunity to do some really interesting and amazing things.'' I think that is how we are going to compete.    And then I would turn it over to my service teammates for the specifics they are running into.    General Cardon. Sir, to echo Admiral Rogers, we have not experienced problems with recruitment. For example, for our high-end operators, we recruited 75 percent of the year in the first quarter with no waivers and no bonuses. So there is a tremendous drive on this.    The challenge will be retention. So if I could go down, officers----    Admiral Rogers. So let me start on acquisition. The short answer is no. My argument is we have to change the model we are using. The rate of change is such that, within the cyber arena, we have got to account for the fact that, as we are developing and acquiring capabilities in the Department, we have got to build into that process the idea of regular and recurring update and revision, that a set of capabilities that we lock into place and then build to over time--let's say, if you look at what it takes to put a satellite into orbit, if you look at what it takes to build a major warship, for example, I mean, we are talking 5 to 10 years. And the rate of change in the cyber dynamic in 5 to 10 years is just amazing to me.    So we have to build into that program the idea that there will be a recurring refreshment rate required. We don't do that right now in the model at all. That is not the way we do business. But I think we have to get to that.    Admiral Rogers. Quite frankly, no.    Admiral Rogers. Again, because what I generally find over time is--for example, most of the equipments and the capabilities that we will bring onboard as a Department, we don't automatically assume that it is perfectly secure. We have a series of tests and processes that we go through.    I am not trying to imply it is for nefarious reasons. Many times we will find that, from the time it takes to actually generate and build the capacity to the time it is actually fielded, for example, you will find vulnerabilities.    For example, if you have look at Heartbleed, probably the largest vulnerability we had over the course of the summer, was based on coding from the 1980s. You find these challenges. This is not unique to the nature of the cyber arena, sir.    Admiral Rogers. NSA is part of a broader team that helps work information assurance for the Department. Having said that, the service has the overall responsibility for the manned, trained, and equipped functions for their service and broadly for the Department. But we do it as part of a broader team.    Admiral Rogers. Yes. We spend a lot of time--as every organization does, we spend a lot of time making sure that we don't have vulnerabilities in the systems that we are counting on to execute our mission.    Admiral Rogers. Yes. Clearly it is not a perfect system. You will never hear me say that, if that is the point we are trying to make. You will never hear me say that.    Admiral Rogers. I don't know that there is a particular number that I could give you. It all boils down to what is the level of risk that we are comfortable with, what are the different processes that we can put in place to try to mitigate that. There is no single silver bullet here, as it were.    Admiral Rogers. There is clearly an aspect of risk to it. I think that is a fair statement.    Admiral Rogers. You know, clearly within the Department, we try to take a look at that. One of the ways we do it is we try to tier some of our systems, if you will. And the standard, for example, that we will use within the nuclear infrastructure is different than the infrastructure we will use for the systems we use for morale, welfare, and recreation functions within the Department.    Admiral Rogers. So is it possible? Yes. There is no doubt about that.    Admiral Rogers. It is a complex operating system.    Admiral Rogers. Well, the way I put it is, hey, if it is designed by man, man is a flawed individual. And the idea that you are going to create something perfect in which you guarantee that there is no ability to penetrate is highly unlikely, which is why in the Department we do things like defense in depth, multiple looks at the same piece of gear many times.    We try to account for the fact that a single solution--whether it be technical, ``Hey, I can create the perfect system,'' whether it is, ``Hey, I can control my workforce and guarantee I am not going to have any issues,'' we try to use multiple layers.    Admiral Rogers. I think the answer is yes, we try to do all of that. You have heard today already we talk about the idea about, for example, how are we going to operate hurt within the Department.    I think the reality of the world around us is, at least on the military dimension, it is not in our best interest to assume we will always have perfect connectivity, that we will never have any issues, we will never have any degradation. Far from it. I think quite the opposite, given the nature of the world that we are dealing with today. We have to think about how we are going to fight through things.    Admiral Rogers. Well, I can use all the partners that we can get in this. Because no one single entity here is going to have all the answers to this, which is one reason why, if you look at the resource piece that the Congress holds here, the legal frameworks that we talk about, you clearly have an important role to play in all this. It won't be just us.    Admiral Rogers. Yes, sir.