    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you Mr. Chairman.    Welcome to the witnesses. We are grateful that you all are here.    In 2002, the Born Alive Infants Protection Act became law. It passed the House on a voice vote. It was in response to troubling ideas that abortionists and pro-abortion activists did not regard infants as legal persons when they were born alive during an abortion. The law is explicit in definition that every infant who is born alive at any stage of development is a person for all Federal law purposes. And yet in 2015 we see evidence that some abortion providers feel that they may interpret this very clear law to suit their own purposes.    At the time the Born Alive Infants Protection Act was being debated on the floor, Senator Boxer said, and I am quoting, ``All people deserve protection, from the very tiniest infant to the most elderly among us,'' end quote. And I could not agree more.    It is clear more must be done to protect the lives of those most vulnerable. It is why I have authorized the Protecting Infants Born Alive Act, which strengthens current law by giving States the authority to exclude providers from Medicaid when they are suspected of violating the law. Furthermore, if convicted, these providers will be excluded from all Federal programs, including Medicaid, Medicare, and CHIP. It is common sense. I look forward to the support of my colleagues.    And I yield back.    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I will remind my colleagues, we are not having a hearing today on the tapes. What we are having a hearing on is legislation that will strengthen the ability to keep these children alive. And it is important that we refocus that and return to this.    Yes, these videos are in the public domain now. And we are talking about babies. We are talking about human life. And we are talking about life rights. And it is important for us to return to that focus.    Dr. Yoest, I would like to come to you, if I may, please. You noted that the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act needed to be strengthened and that there needed to be some criminal penalties put in place that would ensure enforcement. And I would like for you to describe what you see as the weaknesses. I would like to hear from you about what you think we need to do. And then, of course, the legislation that I have brought forward that would address some of those flexibilities for the States.    So if you will take a couple of moments and do that, I would appreciate it.    Mrs. Blackburn. If I may add there. It passed in 2002 on a voice vote in the House. Go ahead.    Mrs. Blackburn. Let me interject right there and stop you and ask again, are you aware of cases that have demonstrated that abortion survivors, infants born alive from a botched abortion, that they are killed or denied treatment after birth? Do you know of any cases?    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you. I appreciate that.    I have just a couple of seconds left, and I would like for you to weigh in on this. There was a memo circulated to members yesterday, it was a Planned Parenthood memo that warned the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act that the House is going to vote on tomorrow, and I am quoting, ``rolls back a carefully crafted bipartisan agreement reached in 2002 and would leave''--and I am quoting again-- ``significant uncertainty about what the bill actually does,'' end quote.    Would you talk about that just a moment, please, what the bill does?    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Blackburn. Mr. Chairman, I think that we need to clarify. He did not present those videos. Mr. Mattox did not present those videos.    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate that we have spent the time on this issue.    As Ms. DeGette was questioning Dr. Murphy about where we continue, I think it is important to note, we are at the beginning of an investigation and we are just starting this process. We do know from Planned Parenthood's own statistics that they perform over 300,000 abortions a year. Compare that to the 1,800 adoption referrals that they make and the 18,000 prenatal health visits they give for women.    So, you know, as all of this has tried to be made a discussion about the videos, I think it is imperative that we refocus this, Mr. Chairman. We are here to make certain that women and children are protected and that unborn children, children that are yet unborn, have the right to life. That is the point of this discussion.    And I yield back to the gentleman.