    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Governor, thank you for being here, and also, Director Miles.    Director Miles, thank you for testifying, and I know FERC has a lot of on its plate and I think many of us believe the commission is doing as good a job as possible on natural gas space reviewing applications and issuing decisions. Today, I would like to talk about the FERC process of coordination for natural gas pipelines.    In your testimony, you seemed to encourage more accountability in the pre-file review process. First, when you write natural gas project applications, what do you mean? Are you including every application, or are you including LNG operation and maintenance, or just new construction, or are you using all of them? Is that----    Ms. Miles. All of them.    Mr. Green . All applications?    Ms. Miles. Yes.    Mr. Green. OK. In your testimony you said that FERC is able to act 92 percent on natural gas applications in a year. What percentage of new construction projects has FERC approved in less than a year? Do you know?    Ms. Miles. I do not know, but I would be glad to get back to you on that.    Mr. Green. OK. I know for an LNG, import facility now, we used to try and export, but now we are big on importing. I know FERC just approved one for Corpus Christie----    Ms. Miles. Yes.    Mr. Green . Just in the last few days, and I appreciate that, but I know it takes typically about 18 months for an LNG import facility, and that is not even considering what the Department of Energy needs to do with the--although in the case of Corpus Christie, Department of Energy moved very quickly on it.    Can you explain what type of projects that are included in the other 8 percent of that 92 percent, and what makes these projects different?    Ms. Miles. I would think it is the larger projects that have more issues. It sometimes can be the need to gather further information----    Mr. Green. OK.    Ms. Miles . From the company so that we are clear that we understand exactly what the potential effects are and we can analyze that.    Mr. Green. And some of those issues, I know I have heard and it is--in earlier questions, are these issues with other federal agencies or issues with state-level agencies having to respond or not responding timely for FERC to FERC?    Ms. Miles. I would think most of those are actually FERC trying to gather the information that it needs. We are typically cooperating with other federal agencies and state agencies who have federal authorizations. We will also work with them to review our documents. In our opinion, that is the best way to efficiently operate, is to have all federal agencies reviewing at the same time.    Mr. Green. OK. Do you think that there ought to be some time limits on federal agencies, or if you have a problem sometimes in working with you, and I am talking about both the pre-review or the pre-filing review or during the process, do you think there needs to be some time limits on these other agencies responding to FERC's offer of--your offer to them? I know right now you can't tell an agency, Fish and Game or anyone else, what to do, but do you think there would be some good idea to have some time limits on them?    Ms. Miles. Do you mean for being a cooperating agency----    Mr. Green. Be cooperative.    Ms. Miles . Choosing to be a cooperating agency? I think it can't hurt.    Mr. Green. OK. I know the staff invites these other agencies to participate in the NEPA process. What type of response time from the agencies after receiving this information, do you have that----    Ms. Miles. I don't have that, but I would be glad to get back with you on that.    Mr. Green. And what if they just don't respond?    Ms. Miles. Well, at that point then they would not be a cooperating agency----    Mr. Green. OK.    Ms. Miles . With us.    Mr. Green. So could they hold up a permit from, say, for example, a transmission line from Canada, although I know that is a State Department issue, but they could hold up a pipeline coming across Massachusetts.    Ms. Miles. We can proceed without the federal agency being a part, and then they would need to do their responsibilities under their own volition. And it could occur after the certificate is issued.    Mr. Green. OK, but until they participate, we are not going to get the natural gas to Maine.    Governor, I want to thank you for being here. I know the frustration, and believe me, I am from Texas and I would love to send you some natural gas, but we do have some pipelines that go to the Northeast, but they have a lot of customers already. And I think the closest natural gas you will get is from my friends in Pennsylvania. But we would sure like to get there because again, you shouldn't have to have a paper mill shut down. I will have to admit, I had two paper mills over the last 30 years shut down in my district, and it wasn't because of the high price of electricity.    Governor LePage. I have had three since I have been Governor.    Mr. Green. Yes. So, Mr. Chairman, I know I am out of time, but thank you.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I apologize. Typically, on a Wednesday up here, there are so many issues going on and so many hearings.    Ms. Elefant, you mentioned in your testimony that you are not aware of any federal agency that allows a trump card. In the LNG export permitting process, FERC requires the bulk of the NEPA analysis with nothing but a concurrence from the DOE. Why is deference to FERC not acceptable?    Mr. Green. Well, what we are trying to do is get more coordination between the federal agencies, but you mentioned also that you are concerned about public participation. Would a 30-day notice and comment period regarding issue resolution alleviate some of those concerns?    Mr. Green. Well, and I know the pre-filing work, I don't know if we have exhausted the success of that, but that is a goal to do it, to get the Corps and different agencies together so the applicant will know what the problem is and can deal with that early on, and so that is our goal, I guess.    Mr. Santa, in your testimony, you state that challenging a permitting agency's tardiness or inaction is time-consuming and risky. Where do most companies focus on their challenges? Is it a state agency or a federal agency?    Mr. Green. Yes.    Mr. Green. What state would that be?    Mr. Green. OK. So it depends on the area, I guess.    Mr. Green. I was wondering if that was a problem with Texas. OK. Would arbitration better serve that approval process?    Mr. Green. Right. That would get you to a decision though.    Mr. Green. And that is the problem.    Mr. Green. The time frame keeps getting extended because the decision is not there.    Mr. Green. Isn't that the role though for the pre-filing review is to try and get that information out before during the pre-filing?    Mr. Green. OK. Well, Mr. Chairman, I have run out of time, but I appreciate it. But I also know that in the--because obviously, where I come from, the LNG exporting permits are an issue, and it is not necessarily FERC, it is also DOE. And I said it earlier, the Corpus Christie permitting for both FERC but also with DOE was very quick, and--comparatively, but obviously, we have a whole bunch more in line because most of those permits will probably come from Louisiana and Texas instead of the east or west coast.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.