    Mr. Duffy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good afternoon, Mr. Director.    I think there are a lot of do-gooders in Washington who are out there trying to protect a lot of folks and oftentimes over here. A lot of times we applaud the effort, stopping fraud, deceit, misrepresentation, there is no disagreement on those efforts in the CFPB. We all agree in your mission to stop those practices.    But sometimes, I think you are out trying to do good but in the end what you do creates harm to an industry where people are using products where they actually know what they are getting into. There is clarity in the cause, there is clarity in the consequence, and they analyze and come up with the idea that this is a good product for them.    I have an individual in my district in Central Wisconsin, a guy by the name of Ron, who said in regard to the overdraft services on prepaid cards, ``I receive Social Security direct deposit, and since this is a fixed income, there are months in which I need the overdraft protection, such as winter months. I don't want those available resources taken away from me.''    See, you might not know this, but often in Wisconsin in the winter it gets really cold and our heating bills go up and for guys like--    Mr. Duffy. Yes, that is cold. That is tough on him. And these are products that he knows the cost of, but he is ready and willing to accept the cost because it helps him to manage his fixed-income through Social Security.    And I think you have to analyze these things through the eyes of end-users, stopping fraud and deceit. But if there is clarity in the products, don't take them away from people who actually use them and it helps them.    So with that said, I want to switch to Mr. Luetkemeyer's topic on Operation Choke Point. You are a board member on the FDIC, right?    Mr. Duffy. And you are aware that on the FDIC, they set out a list of industries that were subject to Operation Choke Point.    Mr. Duffy. I know. But?    Mr. Duffy. But the DOJ and at least the FDIC were targeting certain industries, whether it was payday lending, gun dealers, ammunition manufacturers, or smoke shops.    Mr. Duffy. But as a director or as a board member you had no idea about it from the inside?    Mr. Duffy. Okay. Do you support the idea of Operation Choke Point, of choking off banking ability for certain industries?    Mr. Duffy. And you would agree that payday lending, gun dealers, ammunition manufacturers, those are all legal businesses, right?    Mr. Duffy. So, in regard to those who are implementing these policies within the FDIC--actually, I would argue they are actually un-American policies. For me this--we are looking like the old Soviet Union, Venezuela, and Cuba, and we are using the banking sector to go after industries we don't like. Do you think those folks should have a place in our government, who are implementing the Operation Choke Point?    Mr. Duffy. Answer my question.    Mr. Duffy. So, my question for you?    Mr. Duffy. Reclaiming my time, Director Cordray--    Mr. Duffy. Yes. But that is not my question. My question for you is, do you think if you are using the power given to you at the FDIC in partnership with the DOJ to put certain lines of businesses that are legal that have no due process, no judge, no jury, no trial, no due process, you have actually put them out of business. Do you think you should have a job at the FDIC or the DOJ?    Mr. Duffy. A simple question, yes or no?    Mr. Duffy. What happened then?    Mr. Duffy. I will take that as an honest answer to the question. I would tell you; listen, if this is what you are doing, you have no place in government. I only have a minute left--40 seconds left. You and I had a private conversation. I dropped a bill which dealt with concerns about the consumer advisory council and it being open to the public.    You are not FOMC. You are not setting monetary policy and you are not the CIA. You actually called me and said, ``Listen, thanks for bringing this to my attention, we are going to open it up.'' But lo and behold, from what I am seeing, you put out a consumer advisory board notice for September 11th on the Internet that only gives a portion of the actual schedule that was offered to those who attended the meeting.    So, actually the whole meetings are not made public. There was also a meeting from October 15th for the community bank advisory council where only a couple of hours was public but you actually--they started at 2:40 but you actually began meeting at 8:30.    Mr. Duffy. Thank you.    Mr. Duffy. My time has expired. Maybe I could send you follow-up documentation, and you can respond in writing--    Mr. Duffy. --for the record.    Mr. Duffy. Thank you. I will follow up, as well.