    Mr. Berman. Thank you.    Mr. Berman. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, and thank you Ranking Member Higgins, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to appear here today to discuss a topic that I think is of the utmost strategic importance to the United States, that is, Iran's sponsorship of terrorism and how it is going to be affected by the new Nuclear Deal, formerly known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.    I think it is fair to say, just as an opening statement, that, although the White House has argued that the Nuclear Deal closes the book on the Iranian nuclear file, it actually opens the book on a new and more challenging phase of U.S. Middle East policy.    It does so for at least 3 reasons. First, the JCPOA does not dismantle Iran's nuclear capability. In fact, it does the opposite. There are key provisions in the agreement, in particular in the annexes of the agreement, that commit the P5+1 countries to strengthening and reinforcing Iran's nuclear infrastructure and processes over the next decade.    The end result is an Iranian nuclear program that is slower, but one that is ultimately stronger. The second flaw with the JCPOA is that the agreement actually encourages further proliferation. It does not close off all of the pathways by which Iran can acquire nuclear capability. It focuses solely, or overwhelmingly, on domestic indigenous development of such a capability.    Almost entirely unaddressed by the terms of the JCPOA is the parallel pathway of clandestine acquisition of nuclear capabilities from abroad, a relationship that Iran can activate with such actors as North Korea or private entities in China.    But most significant of all is the fact that the JCPOA provides Iran with what amounts to an enormous economic windfall. As part of the terms of the JCPOA, the P5+1 countries agreed to release to Iran upwards of $100 billion in previously escrowed oil revenue.    Today, in the aftermath of implementation day, in mid-January, Iran has full, unencumbered access to these funds. The scope of this stimulus is truly enormous. It amounts to roughly a quarter of Iran's annual GDP, which totaled $415 billion in 2014.    The proportional impact would be as if the United States received an economic infusion of roughly $4.2 trillion over the near term. The magnitude of this is likely to empower a range of destructive Iranian behaviors in the years ahead, ranging from military modernization plans, which have been already articulated by the regime, to greater Iranian support for rogue regime partners, such as Venezuela, Bolivia, and Ecuador.    Most important of all is that it actually permits Iran to expand significantly its investments in the support of international terrorism. According to the Congressional Research Service, Iran currently spends between $3.5 billion and $16 billion a year on the support of terrorism, ranging from Hezbollah and Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, to the Syrian regime, to Yemen's Houthi rebels, to Iraq's Shiite militias.    If just one-tenth of the new-found economic stimulus inherent in the JCPOA is used in this arena, it would effectively double or even triple Iran's investment in global terrorism. In the context of the U.S. homeland, I think this plays out in two principal arenas.    The first is Latin America, where, over the last decade, Iran has systematically expanded both its formal contacts with the region's regimes and its informal strategic presence. The late Argentine prosecutor, Alberto Nisman, detailed in 2013 that over the last 3 decades, Iran has built an extensive network of intelligence bases and covert centers in no fewer than 8 countries.    This is the network that empowered the 1994 bombing of the AMIA Jewish cultural center in Buenos Aires, and it is also the one that allowed Iran to either instigate or support 3 separate plots targeting the U.S. homeland in the last decade.    The 2007 plot to blow up the fuel tanks underneath the JFK International Airport, the October 2011 attempt to assassinate Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States here in Washington, and a plot by Venezuelan and Iranian diplomats to conduct cyber-attacks on U.S. defense and civilian infrastructure.    The presence of Hezbollah has grown similarly. Over the last several years, a string of incidents, ranging from the apprehension of Hezbollah operatives in Peru, to revelations about Venezuelan official assistance, to Hezbollah operatives in the provision of state-supported passports, demonstrate that Hezbollah has both the mobility and the capability to post a significant threat.    The risks for American security in this context are both clear and present. As Iran begins to enrich itself, as a result of the JCPOA, we can expect more activity in this arena. For the purposes of time, the second arena where Iran is significantly likely to expand its activities in the U.S. homeland, and that is cyber space, I will leave to the questions, if you have any.    But let me conclude by saying that now that the implementation of the JCPOA has begun, Iran's ability to carry out a range of rogue behaviors has expanded exponentially. It is incumbent upon all of us, and upon the U.S. Congress, to watch what Iran is going, not only in the theaters where it is active currently, primarily in the Middle East, in Syria, but also in theaters further afield, because Iran's global ambition is truly global. Iran's global ambition is now much more fully funded, as a result of the Nuclear Deal.    Thank you.    Mr. Berman. I agree completely with Mr. Kahn. I think there is an argument to be made, even if one is a proponent of the Nuclear Deal, that it could have been negotiated more judiciously, to spread out the economic benefit that Iran receives over the lifetime, over the next decade, the lifetime of the agreement.    As it stands, Iran has received, already, and is receiving the lion's share of economic benefit from the JCPOA, both in terms of the near-term cash infusion of the $100 billion that have been released, but also of the rush by countries in Europe and countries in Asia to re-engage with Iran on non-oil trade, which is going to stabilize the Iranian economy further, as we move into the future.    This provides, I think, economic backing for precisely the political calculus that Mr. Kahn talked about, which is that the Iranians understand that, while empirically they are the weaker party in this negotiation, for political reasons the administration is far more invested in the preservation of this agreement then the Iranian regime, itself, actually is. As a result, they feel like they can act with relative impunity.    Mr. Berman. Congressman Higgins, I take your point on the Nuclear Deal and, sort of, the comparative merits and the flaws therein. I would only point out that, as I try to lay out in my written statement, what we are looking at is a deal that has a scope that is intended by the administration to be tactical and, yet, benefits for the Iranian regime that are truly strategic in nature.    That imbalance, I think, empowers a great deal of the skepticism about the long-term benefit of the deal, vis-a-vis the balance between the United States and Iran. The second point, on the additional weapons for Israel, I concur, as far as it goes. However, that doesn't amount to a strategy for dealing with Iran.    Certainly, it is necessary to provide reassurances to not only Israel, but also our allies in the Gulf, that they are more capable than they were before of preventing rising Iranian aggression or rising Iranian adventurism.    But that shouldn't be seen as a substitute for having a strategy, an American strategy, for managing the consequences of the deal, because, while the debate over the agreement, as you know, in this chamber and in others, over the summer, was very rancorous, the deal has passed.    We are now looking at a situation where, over the next several years, the impact of the agreement is going to put certain Iranian behaviors into play. Our job, I believe, is to track those behaviors and to craft a strategy to respond to them. Such weapon supplies may be part of that strategy, but they are not the sum total.    Mr. Berman. Mr. Higgins, if I may, I agree completely that Iran finds itself either in the midst of or at the cusp of a critical time, but I would focus on slightly different data points in explaining my views on this.    Iran is a country of 81 million people. Two-thirds of the Iranian population is under the age of 35, which means that they weren't alive at the time of the Islamic Revolution. It means that the ideological consistency of the regime wanes over time, the more people are born that do not recall Ayatollah Khomeini and the founding of the revolution.    This is significant, because what you saw in the summer of 2009, after the re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to the Iranian presidency, was really a groundswell of potential transformation, right? We are on the--we are hoping that this Nuclear Deal will precipitate lightening to strike twice, essentially, to sort-of to catalyze this sort-of grassroots movement.    But, if we look at what the Iranian regime, itself, is saying and is doing, it is very clear that they view the agreement not as a vehicle for reconciliation or moderation, but as a vehicle for strengthening precisely that ideological regime that is increasingly aged and increasingly rickety.    As a result, you are seeing the emergence of an increasing strain of ultra-nationalism within Iran. The debate is not between reformists and conservatives within Iran. It is between strains of conservatives within Iran about the true position of the Islamic Republic.    The consensus in their debate rests squarely on the fact that Iran should be, by its rights, by its historical destiny, a regional pole of power. The Iranian regime, irrespective of the tactical rhetoric that it assumes, is acting on that conviction, in the macro sense.    Mr. Berman. Mr. Chair, so, let me try to tackle this----    Mr. Berman . Slightly differently, from the Russian perspective. I think it is necessary to understand that Russia, in Syria, is operating from a rather complex set of variables that it is trying to solve. One of them, an overriding one, which doesn't get a lot of press, is the fact that Russia has its own Islamist problem.    Fully a quarter, the Russian Intelligence Service estimates, fully a quarter of the foreign fighters that have joined the Islamic State to date are either from the Russian Federation, itself, or from the countries of the former Soviet Union.    Russian is now the third-most popular language within the Caliphate, after Arabic and English. So, for the Russians, I think the strategy is, at least in part, to go abroad and fight those jihadists there, rather than wait for them to come home.    At the same time, the Russians are affected by what Iran is doing. It is not a coincidence that in the months running up to Qassem Soleimani's trip to Moscow, to visit with Vladimir Putin, the Syrian regime had lost something like one-sixth of its territory, of the territory that it held.    Simply put, Iranian support was insufficient for Assad to hold the line, and Russian assistance was necessary. So, this, I think, sets up a paradigm, by which the Russian government is involved in Syria in a way that, at least in the near term, is intended to prop up the Assad regime.    Over the longer term, the Russians want a settlement, whether Assad is part of it or not, that is favorable to their interests, including to their Islamist problem. Whether or not that mitigates in favor of continued Russian-Iranian cooperation over the long term, over Syria, I think remains to be seen. It certainly is generating cooperation now, and there may be competition later.    Mr. Berman. Mr. Chairman, I actually think that that is one of the most germane questions to ask in the context of the authorities of this committee, of this subcommittee. As we are looking at Iran's capabilities to hold American interests and hold the U.S. homeland at risk, I think it is necessary to go back to that incident that you mentioned, the October 2011 attempted assassination of Saudi envoy Adel al-Jubeir, here in Washington.    The debate that was generated, as a result, centered, I think, a great deal on Iranian decision making. How--what was Iran doing? Was this simply brinksmanship? Did Iran miscalculate? I think that is a fundamental misreading of how the Iranian Supreme Leader wields power.    The Iranian supreme leader is not a micromanager. He is a balancer. You see this, as he plays off different factions within his own body politics, but you also see this by--because the Iranian military, both the conventional military, the Artesh, and the clerical army, the Revolutionary Guard, tend to act in ways broadly consonant with what they think the supreme leader wants.    The attack against--or the attempted plot to assassinate Adel al-Jubeir was carried out by elements of the Revolutionary Guard, resident in Latin America, working through the Los Zetas cartel in Mexico.    That was not an order that was dictated down from Tehran, but it was certainly an order that was inspired by what the regional IRGC commanders thought the supreme leader wanted.    I think, this gets us to where we are today. What I am concerned about, looking at the track record of Iranian behavior since the passage of the JCPOA, is that it hasn't instilled a climate of cooperation, of reconciliation with the West. It has instilled a climate of defiance. Iran is trying to demonstrate that it is a regional hegemon and is willing to act globally against American interests.    In that climate, it is very possible that elements, operational elements of Iranian proxies, including Hezbollah, may take it upon themselves to try to operationalize what they think the Supreme Leader wants.    The potential for miscalculation and the potential for danger there, I think, is probably more significant than we acknowledge.    Mr. Berman. I think I tend to concur. It is certainly unlikely, but I don't think you can rule out the possibility. Also----    Mr. Berman. I think so, to a limited extent. What concerns me is, and as I have written in my written statement, a sanctions-constrained Iran succeeded in either supporting or instigating at least 3 separate plots against the U.S. homeland, including involving Hezbollah operatives, over the last decade.    So, as we move forward in time, we do have to be wary of the potential for this level of activity to increase, as a result of incidents: Incidents that happen abroad, diplomatic incidents, a breakdown of nuclear negotiations, but also of incidents that may become more likely, as a result of increased Iranian capabilities.    As Iran receives the economic benefits of reintegration into the global community, it is, I think, a very strong possibility that there will be a trickle-down effect for its terror proxies, including Hezbollah.    If Hezbollah is postured globally, including in the Western Hemisphere, as I think you have heard testimony to that effect, I think we need to be worried about what that does for Hezbollah's latent potential against the U.S. homeland, as well.    Mr. Berman. I tend to disagree, Mr. Chairman. I think it is, while an optimistic idea, it is rather an impractical one to assume that we can root out Hezbollah, root and branch, and, sort-of, dismantle the organization.    I would say that there is considerable merit to focusing on, as Mr. Saab said, to focus on the global activities portion of what Hezbollah is doing. In particular, in the context of the Western Hemisphere, Hezbollah has vacillated between being an appendage of Iran, a narcoterrorist organization, and somewhere in the middle, over the last decade, depending on Iran's financial health and its subjection to intentional sanctions, as a result of its nuclear program.    I think, here, the zone of danger comes from us having less ability to discern exactly how strong Hezbollah is and what it is doing. As successive commanders of U.S. Southern Command have said, before the House Armed Services Committee, for example, the posture of SOUTHCOM, the ability of Southern Command to really see into South America and Central America to understand what these external actors, like Hezbollah, are doing, has actually diminished over time, as budgets have constricted.    That creates a possibility that Hezbollah and, by extension, Iran, has the potential to grow exponentially, without being watched, without being seen by the U.S. intelligence community, by the U.S. military. That creates a potential for, I think, a very dangerous synergy with local radicals, with local criminal organizations, that isn't really being adequately addressed. That would be the place that I would start, if I was to begin focusing on Hezbollah's global activities.    Hezbollah has entrenched itself south of our border, over the last 3 decades. It has carried out terrorist attacks south of our border, over the last 3 decades. It has begun, increasingly, to reach northward including into the U.S. homeland from there.    That may be, for our intents and purposes, that may be the most functional place to start, if we think about addressing Hezbollah globally.