    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Both the tech industry and the automotive industry have been working towards fully automated vehicles for years now but many consumers remain unaware of the technology and its potential to decrease fatalities, improve mobility for seniors and the disabled, and improve daily life for Americans.    So, I wanted to ask Ms. MacCleery, there has been a lot of attention paid in Congress and in the media on autonomous cars. We have heard claims that these cars will be available for purchase soon but we have also heard that fully autonomous cars are decades away. What is the realistic time line for adoption and is this something consumers should be paying attention to now or is this decades away?    Mr. Pallone. All right, thanks.    It is my understanding that because of the interest in ensuring that components of autonomous vehicles are safe from cyber intrusion, some have expressed concern about retrofitting exiting vehicles with the technology.    So, let me ask you, does aftermarket autonomous technology present cybersecurity risks and are there unique safety risks associated with aftermarket autonomous technology?    And I guess I will ask the third question. Is there a path forward for aftermarket autonomous technology or will consumers eventually be required to purchase a new vehicle to get the benefits?    I will throw those all out. You can answer them together.    Mr. Pallone. I had a third question but did you want to say something quickly?    Mr. Pallone. All right, thanks. Oh, I am sorry.    Mr. Pallone. All right, thanks. Let me get in a third question here.    Semi-autonomous vehicles, which utilize technology such as automatic lane-keeping, speed adjustment, and automatic parallel parking are already making their way to market. So the question, again, to Ms. MacCleery, there is likely to be a lag time between semi-autonomous vehicles and fully autonomous vehicles hitting the market, in addition to traditional driver-operated vehicles remaining on the road for some time. We can expect that, at some point, fully autonomous, semi-autonomous, and driver-operated cars will all be on public roads at the same time. So, can they exist safely on the road together and why?    Mr. Pallone. All right, thank you all. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.