    Mr. Steudle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and members of the committee. It is an opportunity to sit in front of you. I appreciate that opportunity to talk about something that is truly revolutionary in the transportation industry, that is, connected and autonomous and automated vehicles.    At the Michigan Department of Transportation, safety is paramount. It defines everything the department does, from road and bridge design, to managing worksites, to overseeing the work of contractors. Some 35,000 people have died on America's roads, as many of you have noted. In Michigan, that number was 963 last year. Today, it is 921. That is highest in the last couple of years. That is the equivalent of 350 airline crashes with 100 passengers. Imagine what the outcry would be if that was happening.    As has been said, 90 percent of the traffic deaths could be reduced with this technology and I think for that alone is the reason we should be pursuing this at a very advanced pace.    The exponential advent of technology shows no sign of slowing down. The technology both enables and demands multitasking. Despite the ever-evolving laws and prolific safety messages, distracted driving continues to cause more crashes and more injuries and deaths as a result of those crashes. Automakers have made tremendous strides in building safer vehicles, seatbelts, air bags, antilock brakes, lane control systems, adaptive cruise control, advanced braking systems, and the like.    But even while the technology and research continues to save lives, the discovery of new distractions offset the gain. Today, more than 68 percent of U.S. adults have a smart phone. That is up from 35 percent just 5 years ago and the use of electronic devices is just one of the categories in a growing list of driver distractions.    But I am not here to preach about driving distractions. If we refuse to accept the increasing number of our friends and loved ones that needlessly die in automobile accidents, we need to look for a solution and the solution is automated vehicles, a vehicle that removes the driver and the driver error.    While safety is the overriding imperative, there are other vital benefits to automated or driverless cars. Chief among them are the extension of the freedom that comes with personal mobility and personal mobility in our golden years. If any of you have had the misopportune or the unfortunate opportunity of being in a position to take the keys away from your parent or an elderly resident, you know how painful that can be. My state has one of the oldest populations in the country. According to the 2010 census, 14 percent of the residents were over the age of 65. Driverless cars offer us the opportunity to grant all this precious autonomy to our full range of residents, not just those between the ages of 16 and 80 or 85 or 90.    They also have the ability to fundamentally change the way that people and goods move. Ride sharing is already having an impact on urban life, as more people choose that option, freeing up their time and their disposable income. This presents many questions about the future land use, parking, consumption of fossil fuels, the evolution of public transit and many others.    I should emphasize some key things going on back in the state of Michigan. With overwhelming bipartisan support, the legislature last week adopted and sent to Governor Snyder a package of bills that will keep Michigan at the forefront of these developments. Chiefly, the bills do these things: they allow for complete autonomous operations on any road at any time, without a special license; they allow for truck platooning; they allow for on-demand automated networks, which are driverless Ubers, driverless Lyfts; and it creates a council on future mobility made up of industry participants from a broad range.    As for NHTSA, I think the agency has done a good job of identifying and distinguishing between the state and the Federal regulatory roles related to automated vehicles. States would regulate the driver or the operator. Those regulators currently vary by state, much like graduated drivers' licenses and the effects of penalties for impaired drivers. The Federal government has a long history of vehicle regulations for the OEMs, the original equipment manufacturers, and that should continue. But Michigan strongly disagrees with the proposed third-party certification process that would create a middle man, which would slow progress and the adoption of lifesaving innovations. It also would introduce a third party into the liability equations.    This technology is best tested and validated by those that have developed it and understand the technology. They should be responsible for what they include in the vehicles and not get rid of that responsibility by hiding behind a third-party tester.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify on this important topic. I applaud you for taking up this and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Steudle. Yes, actually with the State of Michigan we have opened up a cybersecurity range and we are working with the University of Michigan on that exact topic.