    Mr. Livingston. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to speak with you regarding the Transportation Security Administration and the reported issues of misconduct, whistleblower retaliation, security violations, and the lack of accountability pertaining to TSA's senior executives and the potential impact on the mission.    I am here today to share with you what I have seen firsthand and as a member of the TSA senior leadership team and as a victim of these reprehensible practices after confronting and reporting misconduct by top leaders. I am here because I believe TSA has major management challenges, which are imposing great risk of failure to performing its mission effectively and could have serious consequences for the U.S. national and economic security. It matters what leaders do, and it matters what they do not do.    Noted educational leader scholars, Gruenter and Whitaker, have stated ``The culture of any organization is shaped by the worst behavior the leader is willing to tolerate.'' In TSA, that worst has yet to be identified because the men and women of the agency keep seeing examples of that worst behavior being confronted by the media, not the Transportation Security Administration leadership, and there seems to be no bottom to this failed leadership abyss.    I would like to first state by telling you that the vast majority of the frontline employees at TSA are professional and truly care about the important mission of the agency. Most come in every day and do a great job, but what you hear about is that 1 percent of failed leadership, and that's why I'm here today.    For the record, I'm a career senior intelligence and security management executive, and for the past 36 years, I have served successfully in all of my prior roles. I am a disabled marine veteran, and for the one basic principle that has followed me through my entire adult life is that we do not lie, cheat, or steal, and we do not tolerate those that do. It's that simple.    I am not a novice when it comes to the important matters we will discuss here today. Beyond the almost four decades of leadership experience, I bring a scholarly practitioner viewpoint. My doctorate of management focuses on applied research and expanding leadership within the field of the executive organizational management. My field of study has been on crisis leadership in organizational crises.    The integration of organizational management issues with technological considerations and the global environment, while considering the critical role of information technologies in all aspects of management practice has been a direct correlation to my executive leadership role at TSA. I am an expert in the areas of organizational integration, the application of critical-thinking skills and how to develop the management high-performance teams and how to analyze and evaluate organizations.    I have held a top-secret clearance for the entire 36 years of my service as an intelligence professional. This is an important note, as I will be identifying security incidents and violations that have occurred at TSA and explain where TSA has failed to act properly.    My career professional status is good. I am in good standing with my agency, and I'm not pending any administrative action or investigation. I'm here today by my own choice to inform you of those challenges. I relay this information so that the committee might better understand that the issues I raised at TSA were more than just mere misconduct. This is about the inability of TSA to focus on the mission due to the overwhelming EEO complaints and personnel issues brought on by failed leadership.    The refusal to address or to hold senior leaders accountable is simply paralyzing this agency. The leadership imperative is missing at TSA. In your role as an oversight committee for TSA, you should be gravely alarmed and concerned with these issues because TSA employees are less likely to report operational security or threat-relevant issues out of fear of retaliation.    No one who reports issues at TSA is safe. This prevents the necessary organizational agility to respond to evolving threats and enemies who are always adapting to exploit any real, potential, or perceived opportunity to strike. This negates any operational improvement process that prevents the agency from fulfilling its mandated mission of protecting the United States transportation system and protecting the economic well-being from threats.    Retaliation by TSA senior leadership is used extensively and systematic, as reported by the media and historically acknowledged by the GAO report 10-139 that was provided to you in October of 2009. The exact same thing happened to me then and has happened to other SES leaders then.    Senior organizational leaders use this retaliation as a means to silence those who would report violations, security concerns, or operational issues by forcing employees into early retirement or resignations. No employee will be willing to report these issues when simple fraud, waste, or abuse are reasons for leaders to retaliate against employees.    Senior leaders appearing before Congress stated that they will correct this behavior or fix TSA should be held to strict timelines or you will continue to get platitudes and false narratives. I would bet that you've heard this in the last 6 months, yet you continue to hear these media reports.    I would to take this opportunity to thank my Congressman and my Senator Cardin for the opportunity to represent me with TSA. This is democracy at its best. Thank you.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir, I would agree.    Mr. Livingston. Mr. Livingston. Sir?    Mr. Livingston. Sir, I can add ----    Mr. Livingston. Sir, I can add a very unique perspective to your first question. As member of that senior leadership team, I sat in the office or at the table with the other senior leaders as a deputy assistant administrator. I can tell you that Administrator Neffenger has brought a new perspective to the agency. He's actually hired a chief operating officer. The problem is he's got the same people doing the same thing, doing the same problems. He has the right mindset and the energy to change it, but he's got to put different people in different positions. He's not going to get there with the same team. He has the energy and the focus to do it, but he can't do it with the same people.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, absolutely.    Mr. Livingston. Two grades, that's correct, sir.    Mr. Livingston. I did, yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. I think it's about $10,000 a year plus bonuses and other stuff, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Probation ----    Mr. Cummings.--probationary period, is that right?    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir. They removed ----    Mr. Livingston. I think it was roughly about 48 days before my probationary period, but I had served in that period as a probationary SES for 17 months. But because the Secretary of Homeland Security, Secretary Napolitano, had announced her retirement, they had frozen all CQ--ECQs being certified as they put in a new Secretary of Homeland Security at the time.    So I was in that position, in an active position an extraordinarily long time, plus my agency was slow in getting my ECQs to OPM. The bottom line is they removed me, then investigated me, and when I was cleared, they didn't reinstate me. The reason they removed me is because I had found my senior culpable for preselection, and then I had reported another one for sexual harassment. So after they removed me, I had failed my probationary period. And after I had failed that, they couldn't reinstate me. They had already removed me.    Mr. Livingston. It's to evaluate your performance, sir.    Mr. Livingston. That's correct, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. That's correct, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Well, considering that I had gotten two medals and a great midterm and was pending another medal at the time, I was shocked. I was blindsided.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir, it would.    Mr. Livingston. At TSA, sir, it hasn't worked. I've seen other agencies where it would. If it's done in good faith, I think it could, but in my current situation, I couldn't see it working for 2 years, so my answer would be no. No, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cummings.--to extend the probationary period and to make it even longer.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Well, that recommendation also comes with some other regulations that include a mentor and then 60/90-day checkups. So there's a process that comes with that where you're informed as you go. I was blindsided. And that recommendation wouldn't allow that.    Mr. Livingston. If it came with checks and balances, I would not be opposed to it, sir. The whole point of being an SES is to help the government. It's not about the individual. But if it's not balanced, it wouldn't work. The time period isn't the issue. It's the quality.    Mr. Livingston. And TSA hasn't shown that quality, sir. They haven't acted in good faith.    Mr. Livingston. I was going to answer ----    Mr. Livingston. Many years, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Sir ----    Mr. Livingston. My perspective is they're waiting him out to see if he's going to be sticking through, and they're just not giving him a fair, honest, professional shake. And a career professional would support him no matter how long he's going to be there, a day or 10 years. When he makes a decision, it should be carried out. And he's not getting a fair, honest, professional shake.    Mr. Livingston. Sir--yes, sir. When I came on as the deputy assistant administrator for the Office of Intelligence and Analysis, we did a watch floor transformation. And in that, we had allocated originally $3-3.5 million to do this transformation. And because there was no alternative of analysis completed, it was not managed properly. There was a 30/60/90-day signature that was completed that was not done properly. So the wrong equipment was ordered. It arrived, didn't work. We had to do it over, and it cost three times the amount.    And even today, if you went and looked in that watch floor, there's about $500,000 worth of equipment sitting in a box in that office space, and there isn't manned--where it should be about 12 people working, there's probably four, maybe five people working. It was a total waste of money.    And while it may not sound like a lot when you look at the big picture, it's wasted almost $7, $8, maybe $9 million. That's a lot of money if it was being paid for out of our pocket. And I think the taxpayers would be upset to know that TSA wasted that money.    Mr. Livingston. Sir, I wanted to make a comment for the record. I pointed out that fraud, waste, and abuse, and I was told to let it go. And I also made a point of saying that this was a lot of money and it was wasteful, and nobody took any action.    Mr. Livingston. Yes.    Mrs. Watson Coleman.--you wrote in the statement you submitted for the record today, ``Today, TSA lacks the senior leadership courage to make the necessary changes so that the agency can accomplish its mission,'' right?    Mr. Livingston. I did.    Mr. Livingston. It's ----    Mr. Livingston. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Livingston. When I was the deputy assistant administrator, I sat next to him probably 8 months as a member of the Counterterrorism Advisory Board. I know him to be an intellectual, I know him to be a leader, and when he was the vice admiral of the Coast Guard, he spoke truth to power. He talks now about innovation, he speaks with authority, and I think he is a man of integrity.    What I don't think is he has the supporting cast around him. If you think of it as a sports analogy, he can't play every position on the field. I think he has good intentions for TSA. I think he needs the supporting cast to help him. I think all of you have heard him here when he's testified. I think he's--speaks honestly. I think he is well-intended. But what I think he needs is the people around him to buy into what he's doing.    He has since hired a chief operating officer, Gary Rasicot, to come in and help him. That is one example of him trying to get things right, Congressman.    Mr. Livingston. Ma'am, my intention with that comment was to admit that the middle management and the senior-level leadership hasn't provided the necessary leadership to support the administrator to let it be known that they bought in, that no matter how long he's there, whatever he has said should be carried out. I don't think there's the necessary buy-in to carry out what he's advised and directed to be done. Whether he's there a day or 4 years like Mr. Pistole, once he decrees it, it should be carried out, regardless of the time frame.    Mr. Livingston. That was my intent.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, ma'am, I do. I think he's come out very specifically, and when he has his weekly staff meetings, he says he's interested in five things. He wants to know about how well we're doing in the airports with the pre-check, he wants to know about the acquisitions, he wants to know how we're doing with our budget, he wants to know how we're doing with the morale. He's very clear where he's going. He's very specific, and I can provide you that information very clearly.    Mr. Livingston. Sir, the rules from OPM is it's a 1-year probationary. They have any right to terminate you for any reason. And under the current guidelines, there's no recourse. The problem is I was never told one time, either in writing or verbal, to adjust. What I do have is a record of 96 emails saying great job. What I do have is a midterm saying great job. There was no indication there was ever a problem. I was told on a Monday great job over the weekend working for some work for the White House ----    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir, I have a petition with OSC, yes.    Mr. Livingston. I have filed a lawsuit and an EEO as well, sir, and ----    Mr. Livingston. It is a first time for me, sir, in 36 years, but I have.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Sir, it's my testimony today that we have non-intel professionals running your Office of Intelligence and Analysis.    Mr. Livingston. Sir, let me research and get back to you that. I'm not exactly sure of that. I think that's the case, but let me get back to you specifically. I don't want to mislead you on that, but I can find out.    Mr. Livingston. Leadership. Accountable leadership that gets results that's consistent and that is honest because, right now, there's no trust.    Mr. Livingston. Well, right now, the value on conformity and silence is greater than integrity and innovation. If we don't have an agile agency that's more focused on the threat and making security the priority, you're not going to get an agency that's going to be agile. And right now, the agency is supposed to be working on the threat, and right now, we are more worried about conformity and silence. So I would tell you if you don't build trust with the workforce, you're never going to make the morale better.    Mr. Livingston. Not in the least bit, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Sir, the most important thing about TSA is the people, the people in the mission. And if you don't make it to match, TSA is never going to get better.    Mr. Livingston. We've got a great leader, but it's getting lost in translation ----    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Right.    Mr. Lynch.--you know, suicide bombers detonating at both of those, look at Paris outside the stadium where President Hollande was watching the game between France and Germany, those suicide bombers hit at the checkpoint. So what goes on at that checkpoint is incredibly important, and we have got to have a whole different strategy for how we handle that because that has been the focal point of all these attacks.    And, you know, I am not calling out my TSA screeners, but, you know, as the ranking Democrat on the National Security Subcommittee, I go to those classified briefings and I saw what the inspector general did, you know, sending people through with Ace bandages with knives in their Ace bandages or guns is strapped to their leg, and I have got to tell you, like 90 percent of those folks got through, 90 percent of them. And these are major airports in our country.    So I am not looking to place the blame on any particular aspect of this, but that is unacceptable. So we have got to work together. And Mr. Neffenger has said he is going to go back and redesign this whole thing so that we will do a better job at that.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Sir, I don't speak for the agency. I can tell you that we're not going to compromise security for speed. I can tell you that we're going to balance it. I tell you that TSA is not going to compromise our mission to expedite passengers through at the expense of our mission. What we're going to do is we're going to get better, we're going to keep pushing pre-check, we're going to keep pushing a better process, and we're going to get more people, and we're going to get better at this. Mr. Neffenger has made it a priority.    There's a day that doesn't go by a TSA where this isn't a priority. I can tell you that every single senior leader that he talks to at TSA, this is a topic of discussion.    Mr. Livingston. I don't want you to think that it's not a priority ----    Mr. Livingston. Sir, full disclosure, just like my partner here to my left, we're from the same area as well. I'm from Prattville. I know you're from Clanton so ----    Mr. Livingston. Wow. Okay.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir. So to answer your question, sir, there needs to be greater oversight. I was part of the office that identified that original 73. We didn't have access to the list. I was actually part of the team that decided we needed to notify NCTC that we needed to generate a letter back to them to say we didn't have access to that database.    I've also been part of the secure flight team that identified we needed to do a better job of screening. So there is an opportunity there to do better screening, and there's also a better opportunity for TSA to do better monetary discipline. I identified the $10--$10 million excess spent on a watch floor. So yes. Yes, sir, there is an opportunity to be more prudent with the taxpayers' money. Any time you see an example of waste, fraud, and abuse, we've got to do better. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir. Yes, Congressman. There is a plan. I know the administrator has touted the fact that we're putting 200 extra TSO officers through the academy each week.    Both of my counterparts here work in those airports and can speak directly to the screening process, but I can tell you from a pre-check standpoint I know that we're putting more advertising out to get more people enrolled. We're dutiful trying to get more people into the program. We're showing--trying to show them the advantages of that. Pre-check is a high priority for the agency, sir, and we're trying to get more people into that. Once we do that, the more people that are in pre-check, we think we can sustain that much better. And then I'll let my counterparts, sir ----    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Clay.--at St. Louis airport is we don't have enough officers to staff it. So, you know, is that just something they are telling me?    Mr. Livingston. Sir, there is a staff at issue, and I know the administrator has talked to OMB about staffing issues. I know that there is a long-term strategy to address that issue. It is a resource issue of both money and people. Turning the switch is going to take some time, but he has addressed that. I think he has a short and a midterm and a long-term plan. He's working with the senior staff around him to do that. And I think both of these gentlemen who are working in the airport can tell you what they're doing ----    Mr. Livingston.--daily.    Mr. Clay.--some of suggested shifting officers from TSA's controversial Behavior Detection Program to regular screeners. So let me go on.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Sir, has somebody from TSA gotten back to you with these questions?    Mr. Livingston. Would you like for somebody from TSA to ----    Mr. Livingston. I'll take that as an action, sir, and get back to you with somebody from TSA, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, ma'am. Yes.    Mr. Livingston. It started with the disability harassment, and then it was based on my veteran status. They were making fun of me for my service-connected disabilities. Then it started with the--as the management directed official in a case for EEO, I found against the senior SES for preselection. Then it started with the sexual harassment. Another SES asked me to lie and I refused. And then there was another case where I reported serious security violations, and it started--that same official is the one that testified against me in my ERC or my probationary period.    Mr. Livingston. If you tell the truth in TSA, you will be targeted. I call it the Lord of the Flies. You either attack or be attacked.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, ma'am. Any time ----    Ms. Norton.--to the process ----    Mr. Livingston. Yes, ma'am. I think any time there's checks and balances, that you track that, I think that's always a good thing.    Mr. Livingston. Oh, yes, ma'am.    Mr. Livingston. I think TSA has a management protocol problem. I think if you can track and show the process--and I know that the committee has looked at it for years--I think if you can show that because all these leaders are not bad. Some are very good, exceptional. I could name several. But all it takes is somebody to circumvent that process, and now you've ruined the good work of many. But if you track that and you quantify it and you can show the progress of the well-intended, I think everybody benefits. If you have toxic, cancerous leaders that are injected into this process, it undoes all the good work that the well-intended leaders do. And that's why Mr. Neffenger needs a team around him that can do that.    And this process that you're talking about, this tracking, this mechanism, the numbers and the data doesn't lie and it's forever. Once you put it into the record and once you track it, it's consistent over time. And that's what we need is consistent, persistent, quality leadership because factual data will make us better.    Mr. Livingston. I think we overuse the nondisclosure agreements in my agency. I think every legal case we have ends in one, and I think that's an abuse of the power that we have. I did write a statement to that. I will look for it very quickly and read it to you. Every case from a misconduct to an EEO case ends in an NDA. That hides the potential to make us better, and at worst, it shows our problems. And at the least it shows a cover-up. Every case can't be an NDA. We have--should have public disclosure. We should show the public what we're doing, and if we're hiding it, we're hiding something.    Mr. Livingston. I used to work at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and I thought they had great leadership. I've worked at the Department of the Navy. I thought they've had it.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Sir ----    Mr. Livingston. It's not money, sir; it's concerned, caring leadership. If people think you care about them, they'll take a bullet for you.    Mr. Livingston. Thank you. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Well, I know that the morale survey that was used against me was tainted. I know that the OI investigation that was used against an FSD in Miami was used as an instrument to thwart a complaint. I know those are two examples.    Mr. Livingston. Any time you go against the grain or you report misconduct or you tell on certain favored people, if you do anything that goes against the favored people, if you report misconduct, if you report sexual harassment, if you report security violations, if you do anything against the top tier or anything of that nature, it just seems to go against the grain, you identify yourself as a non-player. If you don't shut up, you don't move up.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir. And I come from a DOD background where everything is a learning opportunity. We always do a hot wash after we have an exercise or an incident or a crisis. We always learn from that mistake. And everything is integrity-based. If you don't say something, you're considered a weak leader. And I think the opposite in TSA, if you say something, you're considered an outsider.    When I reported sexual harassment, I had another SES say, hey, if she files a complaint, it's our word against hers. And I said no, I'm not going to lie. And he says, well, if you don't, we can't work with you, and if you're going to be a boy scout, you'll be on my blank list. So obviously I was on the outside from the get-go. I was stunned that another SES would ask me to lie. And then when I didn't I was an outcast.    Mr. Livingston. Absolutely. And I did.    Mr. Livingston. In my case when they ended my probationary, the argument was made they had no proof, and they said don't worry about it. Let him file a complaint. We'll outlast him.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir. I would agree.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Mica.--who should be rewarded. We need a better way of rewarding and retaining the good TSO workers, get rid of some of the bureaucrats at the top who are causing most of the problems. And I guess over the years they felt threatened, particularly by me because I keep saying, my goodness, we have got this huge bureaucracy, many of them just a few miles from here, and they are very domineering over the bureaucracy and anyone who gets in their way.    I dealt with them in privatizing one of my airports. I have always left that option open. One of my local airports requested to opt out, and then they came down and he told me he had never been so intimidated, so threatened. It took 2 years to just get us to get consideration of the opt-out, and then I had to change the law where they must accept the application rather than when we set it up it was left permissive with the language ``shall.'' So that is the reason that we got into that situation.    But then it took 2 years more while they thwarted our Congress's intent. And again, we have 450 airports. We need different models. Alaska is different from Wyoming is different from JFK, et cetera, and the flexibility to do that with the right balance of public-private operations. But I would never take the Federal Government out.    And again, the people--there are a lot of junior Members here. Nobody understands the significance of what you confirmed today on this intel and analysis situation because that is the only thing, I think, that will save us. Maybe you have a different opinion, Mr. Livingston.    Mr. Livingston. No, sir. I just want to go on the record saying while you don't have intel leadership, you do have some top-quality ----    Mr. Livingston. But with the right intel leadership, it'll continue to function ----    Mr. Livingston. Sir, we have brought up some very serious issues here today. Some were new, some were reported back in the original GAO summary that went to you in October 2009. But if we can agree that some of these need to be addressed now ----    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Mica.--speaking in the betterment of TSA.    Mr. Livingston. And the last two points, sir, is if we could take a look at how the ERC or the Executive Resource Council appoints these SESs at TSA. That might be a way for you to exert your most control over TSA because that's where the pay ----    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir.    Mr. Livingston. Yes, sir. But I think if you ----