    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Millions of Medicare beneficiaries require continued care in post-acute settings after hospitalization. In 2013, 42 percent of Medicare beneficiaries discharged from the hospital went to post-acute care settings. Medicare spent $59 billion on these services that year. Medicare pays each type of PAC facility at a different rate. These different rates are created under the notion that sicker patients will require more costly care in specialized facilities, which seems normal.    However, advancements in the practice of medicine as well and thoughtful analysis by MedPAC and other independent researchers call into question the wisdom of such differentiated payment rates. MedPAC has long noted that shortcomings in Medicare's fee-for-service payments for post-acute care. Just last month, MedPAC reiterated that payments for post-acute care are too generous and significant shortcomings in the current structure exists. There is broad consensus on the need for improved quality measures across the post-acute care setting and a need for a more coordinated approach to care.    Unfortunately, our current system is characterized by silos. Patient-centered coordinated care is not encouraged by the incentive structure. Yet, while there is agreement on the need to improve the way post-acute care is delivered and reimbursed, significant challenges have hindered meaningful reform. This includes a lack of uniform definitions, standardized assessment information across care settings, and substantial geographic variation. Progress has been made to address these challenges, including changes passed in the law as part of the Affordable Care Act, the IMPACT Act, and most recently H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. The Affordable Care Act included improvements in the post-care system, acute care system. As a result, Medicare is currently piloting delivery reforms.    The Centers on Medicare and Medicaid Services is in the process of testing the concept of bundled payments for post-acute care. Bundled payments encourage accountability for cost and quality by incentivizing only clinically necessary care and enhanced coordination. This has the potential to encourage more efficient delivery, break down those silos, and facilitate care coordination.    The ACA also required home health prospective payment system to be rebased to reflect more accurate factors, such as the average cost of providing care and the mix of intensity of services. Rebasing is currently being phased in and scheduled to be fully implemented by 2017. These important steps will help move us to an improved post-acute care system for beneficiaries and taxpayers.    Last Congress, the Improved Medicare Post-Acute Care Transformation or IMPACT Act was signed into law. This legislation reflected bipartisan, bicameral, stakeholder agreement that meaningful reform must be based on standardized post-acute assessment data, also provider settings.    The collection of common post-acute patient assessment data is to determine the right setting for patients who will facilitate discussions on how to reform and improve care for beneficiaries and the Medicare system as large. Without standardized patient assessment data, reforms to base post-acute care reimbursements on patient characteristics rather than on service in setting specific payment rates will be obstructed. There is a widespread agreement that new payment and delivery sent models are necessary to improve our healthcare system and achieve better patient outcomes, population health, and lower per capita cost.    As providers and CMS are in the process of testing new models, there is still much work to do. This work is ongoing and now is the time to dedicate resources toward building the knowledge base to help our understanding and inform decisionmaking. There are many potential policies available to pursue and using the lessons learned from recent efforts is an important step. This must be done before considering large-scale adoption of reform. Simply bundling payments in advance of this work would be premature.    The Bundling and Coordination Post-Acute Act, BACPAC, takes a different approach from what MedPAC has considered. Commenting on any specific approach would preempt the results of pilots and preclude CMS from utilizing the lessons learned from IMPACT Act and pilot programs to create more effective bundle models.    I look forward to hearing our witnesses today and further debate on our post-acute care reform. And I yield back my time.    Mr. Green. No objection.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Miller, I too--and we appreciate your thoughtful examination of the post-acute care payment reforms that MedPAC has done to date.    From your testimony, it appears that the Commission has given some initial consideration of bundled payment design elements such as the scope of service covered, the time span of the care episode, and the ways to ensure quality. And there are tradeoffs between increasing opportunities for care coordination and requiring providers to accept greater risk beyond the care they furnish. As you noted, bundled payments can encourage accountability for cost and quality across the spectrum of care by incentivizing the provision of only clinically necessary and coordinated care.    A recent legislative proposal of the Bundling Act, the BACPAC, seems to take a different approach than what MedPAC has considered. In fact, BACPAC bundle assumes a third-party entity, a coordinator, that would pay PAC providers. BACPAC would also bundle post-acute care services after a patient's discharge from an acute care hospital. Conversely, MedPAC has explored global payments that would cover initial hospitalization and potentially avoidable readmissions in PAC services within the 90 days. So you are going not only from the hospital, but also to the PAC issue.    Could you discuss the pros and cons of the two different approaches, I guess?    Mr. Green. OK.    Mr. Green. OK. Well, my next question, then, wouldn't a coordinator simply add another layer of payment to the policy?    Mr. Green. Well, and that's the next question.    But, should Congress limit the flexibility in designing what elements of care can be bundled?    Mr. Green. Well, you had mentioned a response to the chairman's questions about MedPAChas noted a number of times that post-acute care providers enjoy high margins and obviously investors notice that.    Could you talk briefly about the margins that post-acute care providers receive for Medicare payments and what this tells about the Medicare's payment for these services and if you have recommendations on how Congress should address these high margins?    Mr. Green. OK. Thank you Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Morley, from Dr. Miller in our first panel, we heard MedPAC's concerns with potential stinting of care under the bundle payment design. The BACPAC Act requires the secretary to ensure that the cost of the bundles do not exceed 96 percent of the PAC expenditures that would have been made. The bill also specifies that PAC providers would be paid an amount that is not less than the amount which they would otherwise be paid. In other words, the bundles have to reduce cost without cutting provider payments.    It seems to me that savings can only be generated by reducing prices in volume. The legislation, however, does not allow for price reductions; therefore, savings that come from volume reduction are less care. My first question. Could you discuss the dangers of bundles incentivizing stinting of the care or what we might do with it or do about it?    Mr. Green. Can you speak about the potential effects of reducing the volume of services that beneficiaries receive?    Mr. Green. OK. You also mention that--your testimony, a potential that services may be required outside the 90-day window established by the BACPAC. Does the BACPAC require PAC coordinators to pay for their services needed after the 90-day period? Since PAC coordinators are on the hook financially for only those services within that 90-day window, is it possible we may delay certain services until that window has been ended?    Mr. Green. OK. The other concern about this is the financial incentive to stand on care and incent the least expensive setting. For example, under the BACPAC, the PAC coordinators would be able to keep mostof any savings they achieve. In other words, if a certain episode bundle is $1,000, the coordinator may spend only 600 on the beneficiary, so there is a $400 difference. Does this not make this profit contingent on meeting certain minimum quality thresholds?    Mr. Green. I guess we need to have those quality controls there because a coordinator could profit from bundling those patients to the least expensive setting as opposed to more clinically appropriate, so there has to be some guidelines there.    So Mr. Chairman, I yield back my time.