    Dr. Dickman. Thank you, and good morning, Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you.    Among other things, I am also the Director of the Norman Borlaug Center at Texas A&M University. I'm a plant pathologist specializing in fungal diseases. But I wanted to use that title as a prelude to just mention Dr. Borlaug, who is largely responsible for the development and implementation of the Green Revolution. And he has been widely acclaimed for this work, including such awards as a Nobel Prize, which is the only agriculturist to be awarded this honor; the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom--he's in company with Mother Teresa--U.S. Congressional Gold Medal; and on and on and on.    But what Dr. Borlaug represented besides breeding plants that had desirable attributes was a dogged determination to try to ensure his best possible of feeding people throughout the world. And he's had a modicum of success with that. In fact, one of his other achievements is that he saved a lot of lives, but he has considered to have saved more lives than any other living human being ever.    So the mission of our institute, the Institute of Plant Genomics and Biotechnology in the Borlaug Center, is to foster these ideals and progress using what's available and these developing technologies that we've heard a little bit about already this morning to increase our understanding of how things work in the ag biotechnology space. We want to improve agronomic traits for crop plants, and importantly, we want to prepare young scientists with the necessary technical and conceptual tools to face the inevitable challenges that lie ahead.    As food safety and security concerns continue and are likely to increase, it is clear that a new green revolution is needed. There is increased urbanization limiting land availability, increased water use and energy demands, unpredictable climate changes, coupled with pollution and soil erosion. When taken together collectively, they all contribute to a reduction in yield, and from a grower's point of view, yield is certainly the bottom line. We now face the task of growing more food on the same or even diminishing amounts of land.    So on the remainder of my time this morning I just want to highlight three biotechnological approaches that have varying degrees of risk but all have the potential for really, really high rewards. And again, because of time, I will pick and choose some of the success stories that we in the institute, as well as around the world, have employed to address some of these biotechnological approaches. So the three approaches I'm going to talk about is synthetic biology, which has already been mentioned; the phytobiome; and genome editing, which you've heard about in the past, and their impact on agriculture and food production.    So in terms of synthetic biology, I'm going to talk about a cotton project that we have been undertaking at--in Texas A&M. Cotton has a very, very high degree of protein in its seed. It's about 25 percent. That's a lot. Therefore, the potential for cottonseed to help feed people is evident. However, the cottonseed also contains immune problems and cause male sterility, thus sort of precluding their application in the real world. So breeders at A&M bred out--very simply bred out that particular compound called gossypol so it was no longer present in the plant and everything looked pretty good. The problem was gossypol is also a defense compound in plants limiting insect and fungal diseases, and when you got rid of gossypol, the plants were basically open game to these pathogens and parasites, and so the operation was a success but the patient died.    So how to explore this was done with some of these new techniques, which I won't get into too much detail unless you're interested, and that is using virus-induced gene silencing and plant--and genomics and synthetic biology work at A&M was able to not only knock the gene out that made gossypol but also direct that construct into the seed tissue itself. These are very nice, powerful, significant techniques. So now, gossypol would be expressed in the plant. However, it would not be expressed only in the seed. Therefore, they were gossypol-free and the seed could be produced, okay?    To give you an idea of the scope of this, and we have sent--several patents filed and many, many field tests that have gone on around the world with these cotton plants is that it is estimated that with the addition of this cottonseed as a protein source, 500 million more people can now be fed. So this is the kind of conclusions we would like to see more of and highlight, but it also illustrates the approaches. There was no way these experiments and these conclusions could have been obtained without biotechnological approaches that were implemented and have been relatively new on the scene.    Now, the other sort of crop example I want to give is bananas. I better hurry up. Bananas, very quickly, are seedless. And I'm not going to go into the details. But if you go to the store and buy a banana, there's no seed. Therefore, genetics and breeding are impossible. Now, bananas are a staple in a number of developing countries, and when they have diseases now, there's no program to study these diseases and solve this problem.    So we have transgenic approaches going on with bananas right now both in Africa and Australia and in the United States that are successfully impacting banana diseases. If the banana diseases are uncontrolled in banana-consuming countries, people starve, people die.    All right. The next topic I'm going to whiz through is the phytobiome. And all I want to point out here is it turns out the microflora, the endophytes, if you will, is a fancy word, and it found in virtually all plants impact a great deal of attributes that enhance the crop in question. So these--the phytobiome will--for example, will enhance drought tolerance, disease control, but only in the areas where they need this to happen.    So in work, for example, done by Dr. Rodriguez, he found in Yellowstone that a certain type of microflora associated with thermal-tolerant plants looked different from microbiome in the ocean, which conferred salt tolerance. So what I'm getting to is the fact that we can utilize phytobiome research to establish these probiotic microorganisms, and plants will make the necessary changes to control the stress that they are faced with. This is a new, high-risk, but very user-friendly control mechanism.    The last part is involving CRISPR, which I know you've already heard about. So all I'm going to say about CRISPR, which doesn't have the same implications as the human application, CRISPR in plants has two major advances that are very exciting to the plant community. One is multi-plexing and the ability to put numerous genes--numerous gene mutations in one genetic background, and the other is breeding. CRISPR is likely to revolutionize breeding. Breeding is a game of creating variation in plants and then going through all the characterization that needs to be done to understand the nature of that variation. Well, with CRISPR, you can make--you can make unlimited genetic variation by using this tool, thus obviating the need for chemicals and all the considerable work and time and effort that need to be done.    So I will just come to my conclusions and just say that I want to remind everyone that all food that's consumed is genetically modified. We need a new green revolution to face the coming needs and continuing needs of people throughout the world, and we need to support basic research to make the conclusions verified. In other words, many of the great discoveries are only done by unintended consequences, penicillin being a good example, which you could call him sloppy microbiologist. He found contamination that was inhibiting bacteria, and really that's the key. And the other one is CRISPR, which is really a study of immune issues in a bacterium led to the CRISPR technology that we discussed in quite a bit of detail here and in previous meetings of this group.    Thank you.    Dr. Dickman. If I could just chime in quickly----    Chairwoman Comstock. Yes.    Dr. Dickman. --to be the devil's advocate, I think in the past--and I agree with much of what you said, Dr. Shetty--I would argue that academic scientists who are unfamiliar with have--we have not done a great job in communicating to the public what it is we do and why it is so vitally important. I think that's changing now, but the--a lot of what you see in the newspapers are sort of peer-based sort of newsworthy items. You never hear about the success stories that are also going on and actually in much more abundance. So I think we just need to be sensitive to the public to a large part being uninformed properly to what it is we do. And we're all--myself, as well as companies, until recently have not really dealt with that. In my view, we can do a better job of showing the great things that this powerful set of technologies can in fact do.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. Okay. Well, thank you very much. And I will now yield to Mr. Lipinski for five minutes.    Dr. Dickman. Well, it depends if the glass is half-full or half-empty.    Dr. Dickman. Certainly, there are a lot of positive progresses that are being made in developing countries, but it's a complex--it's not a compound, but it's a complex issue. There's a lot of politics involved, and while the growers generally support these kinds of plans and roots to food production, they're often hampered by politicians and people of other interests. So the hurdles to overcome, depending on the country you're talking to, are considerable.    But I might add, for it--but it can be done. Let me--bananas, to use something I know a little bit about, are now in human field trials actually in Iowa with the hope that the hoops have gone through sufficiently to put them out on a humanitarian effort in Africa in another year as bananas--you know, the rice--Golden Rice, which is even making vitamin A and preventing blindness in children, has run into lots of--which has been heavily advertised and it's sort of the poster child for transgenic crop plants has slowed down considerably due to regulatory hurdles.    So to answer your question, to where it would be a viable economy with an assortment of crop plants, we're probably talking ten years as well I would say realistically.    Dr. Dickman. You're properly managed. I'll learn one of these days.    I think--again, as was stated previously, the gene editing technology is a much more serious issue in the biomedical field because you're talking about generating transgenic people and there's lots of ethical issues. But in terms of plants, they've been mixing--naturally mixing populations, as you said, thousands of years and naturally for the most part selecting traits of interest.    But CRISPR and genome editing in general can convert the plants field is a much more significant leap of time to get to the desired product, much more power--experimental power. So they're basically under the same--under a similar umbrella but have different rates of progress. That is one reason why CRISPR and genome editing is so exciting because the potential to create variation in terms of breeding practices is virtually unlimited and much, much more rapid and much more informed as--toward the breeding population. So it confers a number of advantages. Again, it comes back to public understanding what exactly this is and how it works and why it's beneficial as opposed to just being something, you know, with--DNA-related and more concern that really should be alleviated.    Dr. Dickman. Right.    Dr. Dickman. The monster that ate Cleveland.    Dr. Dickman. It hasn't happened yet.    Dr. Dickman. That's true. There's a lot of microbes out there. I mean, as I was rushing to say, in the phytobiome work, it's now become clear that these microorganisms confer a number of different traits to the host plant that they're residing in, and if you remove those microorganisms, you loose the trait, you lose tolerance, you lose disease resistance. So if we can understand the microbiome in plants or in any other--or even in the human gut where it's being done quite extensively, that gives us another avenue of approach to try to generate the kinds of things we need to better the world.    Mr. Dickman. There is actually quite a bit being done in agricultural sequencing if you will. In fact, NSF has a plant genome program that is actually very well-funded, nice to hear, and has been ongoing for a number of years. There's also microbial genome sequencing program that just finished.    So--and also independently, now that it has gotten so relatively inexpensive and available and doable in a rapid fashion, there's a lot--there's a great many agricultural-related genome sequencing projects going on now.    Another area to be marketable in is bioinformatics and computation because back when I was a student, you know, we cloned the gene was your thesis. Now, you go home, it's 25,000 genes and you have to figure out what to deal with it. So there's a massive amount of data handling, but that is being done to the United States' credit in support of those kinds of projects.    Dr. Dickman. Well, a number of things, disappointment and things of that nature when you see a greenhouse that's been destroyed by stones, for example, with all kinds of messages written on them. It's a bit disconcerting. But in terms of people's research, I don't think that has impacted it. I mean people are still doing what they plan to do and continue to do and get funded to do. So it's an unfortunate circumstance. I really don't think it's really had a strong impact on people's ability to do work with the exception that there is some material things that have been destroyed that needed to be replaced. It's been--is actually not too bad now.    Dr. Dickman. Very much so.    Dr. Dickman. Well, I do it by--on sort of a grassroots level. We don't have any organized framework with which to do this. I think we do. We do need that, whether it be from academic or--and/or companies----    Dr. Dickman. That's actually in the queue for other reasons.    Dr. Dickman. Well, there's a number of turf breeders who work strictly on golf course turf you might want to talk to.