    Mr. Loudermilk. Well, thank you, Chairwoman Comstock, especially for continuing this important discussion on the security of our federal information systems.    I would also like to thank our witnesses for being here today to help us understand industry's best practices when it comes to cybersecurity. I look forward to hearing about lessons learned and how to apply those lessons to our federal systems to help prevent future cyber-attacks.    It is clear that our federal systems are not adequately protected. In fact, just this past summer, a witness from the Government Accountability Office before this Committee stated, ``It is incumbent upon federal agencies to implement the appropriate security controls to mitigate those risks at a cost-effective and acceptable level, and we found out that agencies have not consistently implemented agency-wide information security programs to mitigate that risk effectively.'' When I asked that same witness to grade our federal cybersecurity, he gave it a D. A rating of D is not an acceptable grade.    This Administration owes it to the American people to significantly improve this deplorable standing in order to sufficiently protect government information and thereby our national security. This Administration also needs to explain how it is protecting the American people's personal information. As I stated at the hearing this summer, the breach of data from the Office of Personnel Management is exactly why the Oversight Subcommittee that I chair continues to look into the collection of Americans' personal data through the website HealthCare.gov. In fact, I am still waiting for complete answers from the Administration to questions I posed in letters to the Office of Science and Technology Policy and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services back in June. This Administration has not sufficiently explained why it was ever necessary to indefinitely store Americans' personnel--personal data they submitted when logging into the HealthCare.gov website, particularly those who did not end up enrolling. One would think that President Obama would agree that such a practice is unnecessary as he identified cybersecurity as one of the most serious economic and national security challenges we face as a nation, but one that we as a government or as a country are not adequately prepared to counter. If cybersecurity is one of the most serious challenges that this government faces, why on earth would the government ever consider storing all of this personal information indefinitely in data warehouses? As the Chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee, I will continue to ask questions and demand answers until we are satisfied that federal departments and agencies are making decisions in the best interest of protecting the personal information of all Americans. The safety and security of Americans and this Nation must be our number one priority.    Having continuously subpar security of our federal systems is embarrassing and must be rectified immediately. The delays must stop. It's time to finally do something about federal cybersecurity.    I look forward to the witnesses' testimony at today's hearing. I hope to learn more about the various industry best practices and lessons learned in hopes that it will shed light on what the government could and should be doing to protect our citizens from constantly evolving cyber threats.    Madam Chairwoman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Madam Chair.    And after spending 30 years in the IT industry myself, I can equate to a lot of what you're saying, especially the cyber insurance. Big supporter of cyber insurance simply because of the standards that the insurance companies put upon these businesses, and I sold my business a year ago, was greatly relieved when I sold the business because while cybersecurity was on my mind 24 hours a day owning this small company and managing it, it was not on the minds of my customers.    Mr. Clinton mentioned eBay. We had many instances where we put a secure network into place, a network of a small government managing power distribution systems, and we engineer it, we put the products in, some of the products that some of you represent everything from spam filters, firewalls, gateways, content managers, bandwidth managers, and then we would find out that they would go and buy parts for these off of eBay that would come from somewhere overseas, and we don't know the firmware that's on it, and I understand that what's on their mind, especially when you're dealing with small businesses, is bottom line. Doctors are being doctors, lawyers are being lawyers, they are doing what they're doing. We're supposed to take care of that. But when we go forward and we say this is what we need to do to upgrade and say we don't want to do that right now, do we have to do it? Well, your network will still function but you're at a high amount of risk. Well, that usually doesn't change their mindset. So having those sets of standards I think is important.    Another thing that was brought up is this risk-based management. That's what we live by. We used to emphasize to our employees, there's two types of computer users: those that have been hacked and those that don't know that they've been hacked. Another part of risk management is, we emphasize to our customers, don't keep what you don't need. If you don't need the data, you don't have it, you don't have to secure it.    And that really brings an issue that I have great concern about here in federal government here and that's with the Midas system, which according to news reports is storing information on Americans who access the HealthCare.gov website, not just those who got their health insurance, but those who even shopped it, and it's storing personal identifiable information of Americans without their knowledge in a data warehouse.    And for Mr. Wood, considering what's happened to the federal government, the recent expansive data breaches, does it concern you that the federal government will be holding information on citizens without their knowledge, even for citizens who did not get their healthcare coverage through this system? Am I justified in my concern over the risk of storing this data, especially data that is not needed.    Mr. Loudermilk. And I'd like to ask Mr. Clinton to respond to the same question, but also Mr. Wood, part of mitigating your risk is not keeping data that you don't need. Would you agree that that is a good practice, if you don't need data to not store it?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Clinton? Microphone.    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. Thank you.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    And now I'll recognize Mr. Beyer.