    Mr. Connolly. Chairman Graves, Chairman Shuster, Ranking Members Norton and DeFazio, thank you so much for having us here today. I am delighted to join with my colleagues, Mr. Hoyer and Mr. Delaney.    I serve as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Government Operations of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, which held its own hearings on Metro in the wake of the L'Enfant Plaza tragedy. The challenges facing Metro are significant, and I welcome collaboration between our two committees to ensure robust oversight over Metro's management of Federal dollars and adherence to Federal safety standards.    I spent the last 22 years working on Metro, first as a member of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, where as chairman I made appointments to the Metro board and approved the local operating subsidy. For the past 8 years I have worked with you and your colleagues here on this committee to secure the $150 million annual Federal commitment for Metro safety improvements, which is matched dollar for dollar by Virginia, DC, and Maryland. No one is more disheartened than I am with the unacceptable and unsustainable state of affairs at Metro.    I want to start by commending this committee for your efforts, through MAP-21 and then the FAST Act, to create a comprehensive framework of safety standards for Metro and all of the Nation's transit systems. As the NTSB and the FTA have highlighted again and again, Metro's current local safety agency, the Tri-State Oversight Committee, is nothing more than a paper tiger without the proper resources or tools to provide effective oversight.    Our partners in Virginia, Maryland, and DC are working together to stand up a new Metro safety commission next year that will meet and enforce the new Federal standards. Until then, Secretary Foxx, acting under new authorities in the FAST Act, has appointed the FTA as the interim safety oversight agency. While I respectfully disagreed with that action, deferring instead to the NTSB's recommendation to use the FRA's more robust safety standards, I share the committee's and Secretary's ultimate goal for addressing the shocking lack of safety culture within Metro.    To that end, I welcome an opportunity to work with you to explore further expanding the FTA's authorities to better match not only the oversight, but also the enforcement authorities under the FRA to address the NTSB's urgent safety recommendations. In fact, Metro's new general manager has indicated he is voluntarily directing his team to explore what FRA standards they can apply on their own. Regardless of what style of transit commuters are using, they deserve to know they are being protected by effective and enforceable Federal standards.    What we are witnessing today with Metro is the result of a decades-long march into mediocrity and dysfunction. Riders are now confronted with near-daily service or safety delays, including today, Mr. Chairman. And incidents of arcing or smoke in the tunnels have become all too frequent and, frankly, are scaring riders away. Recent arcing incidents led the general manager to take the unprecedented step of shuttering the entire National Capital subway system for 24 hours in March. And earlier this month, the two stations serving Capitol Hill were closed during the evening rush hour.    Mr. Wiedefeld recently released an aggressive proposal to single-track and shut down portions of Metro lines for days at a time in order to condense 3 years' worth of deferred maintenance--3 years--into 1 year. This will present significant and sustained challenges to riders in the Federal Government. Federal employees account for 40 percent of all Metro riders. So we have called on OPM and all Federal agencies to push telework and flexible work schedules during this time.    Of course, Metro cannot focus only on track and infrastructure repairs. A complete systemwide change in culture is necessary. Safety and personnel actions already taken by Mr. Wiedefeld should serve as a shot across the bow that indifference to safety and customer service will no longer be tolerated.    These are not problems that can be fixed overnight. Metro and its partners face a monumental task, and the Federal Government must be a full-funding partner in this effort. And I welcome the opportunity to work with this committee to explore options for expanding our Federal commitment, to include operating subsidies. The Federal Government is the only compact member that does not pay any share of operating subsidies.    We also must incentivize the National Capital region to finally create a dedicated source of revenue for funding Metro. These are separate but equally important investments critical to Metro's future success.    Metro, Mr. Chairman, has been our single greatest regional achievement, and in many ways our single biggest disappointment. Working together we can restore America's subway to the place of prominence it once held, and setting the standard for other transit systems across the Nation, giving our riders the world-class system they so sorely deserve. Thank you.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. Thank you, Mr. Connolly.    Next is Representative John Delaney.    Thanks for being here.