    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And as I listened to Mr. Connolly, I could not help but be reminded, in this day and age we are fully realizing that drug addiction has no boundaries--has no boundaries. It affects blacks, whites, rich, poor, from one coast to the other of this United States. And his statements, that is Mr. Connolly's statements with regard to treatment, ladies and gentlemen, some of the most profound words that will be spoken here is we better wake up and begin to address this more and more as a health problem, because, again, what we're seeing now with heroin, I've known about heroin for many, many years in Baltimore. But now it's spreading everywhere and now people are beginning to understand that prevention is so very, very crucial.    And so the Office of National Drug Control Policy, or ONDCP, has a difficult but crucial mission. It is tasked with leading efforts across the Federal agencies to reduce drug use and mitigate its consequences. ONDCP is also responsible for developing and implementing strategies and budgets annually while also furthering long-term goals. Although none of these responsibilities are simple, I have been impressed with how diligently this administration has tackled these tasks while being efficient with the resources that are provided.    We're here today to discuss the reauthorization of this Office's vital work, which includes the Drug-Free Communities Program, which I'm very familiar with, a valuable grant program that mobilizes our communities to prevent youth drug use. It also includes the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas, or HIDTA, program, which operates through regional efforts with State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies to dismantle and disrupt drug-trafficking areas.    ONDCP's overall goals are substantial and the stakes are high. They include reducing drug use among our youth, reducing the chronic abuse of a wide range of substances, and lowering drug-related deaths and illnesses.    Despite what often seem to be insurmountable obstacles, ONDCP is making progress on many of these fronts by engaging all of our community stakeholders, from police officers to health professionals.    In 2010, ONDCP took a crucial step in recognizing that addressing drug addiction is not merely a public safety issue, it is a public health issue. We must tackle the demand for drugs as well as their supply. We must recognize that prevention and treatment are crucial tools that complement the law enforcement's efforts.    I have seen up close and personal the ways that drug abuse can be destructive. I've often said that if you want to destroy a people, if you want to destroy a community, and you want to do it slowly but surely, you can do it through drugs.    In my own city of Baltimore I've seen entire communities fractured and broken by drug use. I've seen landmarks like our world famous Lexington Market become synonymous with drug trafficking. I've seen people in so much pain, they don't even know they're in pain. I've seen people who used to be hard-working citizens in our communities staggering through our streets, slumped over from the effects of heroin addiction. Right now, if you went to Baltimore in certain areas, you will see hundreds of them, people who have lost their way. And this is not the Baltimore where I grew up and it is not the Baltimore I know is possible.    The leaders of the Washington-Baltimore HIDTA hold this conviction too. Over the years, they have demonstrated exactly how prevention and treatment efforts can complement law enforcement efforts. I'm also encouraged that our HIDTA is one of five organizations, as Mr. Connolly said, that will receive $2.5 million to address our Nation's heroin epidemic situation through the Heroin Response Strategy. Using wrap-around, a wrap-around approach that encompasses law enforcement, community involvement, and treatment and prevention strategies, the Washington-Baltimore HIDTA has dismantled 92 drug-trafficking organizations, seized almost 12,000 kilograms of marijuana and nearly 3,000 kilograms of cocaine and 410 kilograms of heroin all since 2013.    It is because of these demonstrated successes that I was pleased to learn that the ONDCP is asking that Congress equip all of its HIDTAs with crucial prevention and treatment tools as well. Today I look forward to learning more about the changes ONDCP is proposing and what it has been doing to address recommendations for improvement provided by the Government Accountability Office.    Finally, this is an issue that affects all of us, it affects all of us, and if it has not affected you yet, I promise you it probably will. Whether you live in west Baltimore or in the mountains of New Hampshire, drug abuse affects every community in America, every one of them.    I look forward to working with all of my colleagues to ensure full and swift reauthorization of ONDCP, a program that is absolutely crucial to the future success, safety, and health of our great Nation.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I thank you, and yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.    In trying to tackle drug use from all angles, I understand that ONDCP uses demand-reduction efforts as well as supply reduction efforts. I also understand that ONDCP would like to clarify in the definition section of this new reauthorization that it is demand reduction work can include prevention, treatment, and recovery efforts.    Now, Mr. Botticelli, can you give some examples of what you mean by prevention, treatment, and recovery efforts, briefly?    Mr. Cummings. Now, I understand that ONDCP would like Congress to allow all HIDTAs at the request of their boards to use treatment efforts and to expand their abilities to use prevention efforts. I support this, because 27 of the 28 HIDTAs already understand the importance of using prevention-focused activities. I also support this because I have seen HIDTA treatment efforts work so well in the Baltimore-Washington HIDTA, which is one of the two HIDTAs that currently allows for treatment.    Our Washington-Baltimore HIDTA has provided drug treatment to about 2,000 individuals with criminal records to date, and over half of these have successfully completed their treatment programs. Furthermore, the recidivism arrest rate for these HIDTA clients after 1 year has been just 28 percent, while comparable recidivism rates across many States is over 40 percent.    In addition to the successes I mentioned in my opening statement, the Washington-Baltimore HIDTA has captured over 4,000 fugitives from drug charges and removed over 2,000 firearms from the streets in the last 3 years alone.    So, Mr. Kelley, in your written testimony you noted that the law enforcement community recognizes, ``We cannot arrest our way out of this problem.'' Would you agree that treatment and prevention efforts have augmented the Washington-Baltimore HIDTA's ability to carry out its mission, and how so?    Mr. Cummings. Now, Mr. Botticelli, other HIDTAs are also using prevention tools like encouraging law enforcement departments to use Naloxone. And I'm very familiar with Naloxone. And one of the things that has concerned me is that they jacked up the prices. The manufacturer, knowing that this is a drug that could save people's lives and has saved people's lives, they jacked up the prices. And I've been all over them, I mean.    And I'm just wondering what efforts have you all--I mean, I know you know this, and I'm wondering, what, if anything, that you all have done to try to encourage the manufacturer of this lifesaving drug to be reasonable.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Connolly, for yielding.