    Mr. Lieu. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Archuleta, under your watch, last March, OPM database containing the crown jewels of American intelligence was breached. This year the same exact database was breached. A third database containing over 4 million Federal employees' data unencrypted was breached.    The IG has said that at OPM your technology systems are either materially weak or seriously deficient, and my question to you, just a very simple yes or no, is do you accept responsibility for what happened?    Mr. Lieu. I don't really quite know what that means. I asked for a yes or no. But that is fine, you have answered it.    I am going to reserve the balance of my time to make a statement. Having been a member of this oversight committee, and as a computer science major, it is clear to me there is a high level of technological incompetence across many of our Federal agencies. We have held hearings where it showed that Federal agencies couldn't procure, implement or deploy IT systems without massive bugs or massive cost overruns.    We have held hearings where at least one Federal agency, in this case the FBI, had a fundamental misunderstanding of technology, where they continue to believe they can put in back doors to encryption systems just for the good guys and not for hackers, which you cannot do. We had over 10 federal data system breaches last year.    So there is a culture problem and there is a problem of civilian leadership not understanding we are in a cyber war. Every day we are getting attacked in both the public and private sector. The U.S. military understands this; that is why they stood up an entire cyber command. But until our civilian leadership understands the gravity of this issue, we are going to continue having more data breaches.    Let me give you some examples of this culture problem. You have heard today there was unencrypted Social Security numbers. That is just not acceptable. That is a failure of leadership.    Look at the various IG reports over the years showing material weaknesses and then look at last year's IG report, page 12, that says as of November of last year, OPM had not yet done a risk assessment. That is ridiculous, especially since you knew in March your system was breached. That is a failure of leadership. And this goes beyond just OPM.    Now, Mr. Scott, you have only been here a few months, so you are going to get a pass on this, but I want to know why was it that it wasn't until last Friday that agencies were ordered to put in basic cybersecurity measures? Why wasn't this done last year? Why wasn't this done years before? There is a failure of leadership above that of OPM.    And when there is a culture problem, what have we done in the past? Especially in the area of national security, you can't have the view that, oh, this is legacy system, oh, we have these excuses. In national security it has to be zero tolerance. That has to be your attitude. We can't have these breaches.    The CIA can't go around saying, you know, every now and then our database of spies is going to get breached. That cannot happen.    And when you have a culture problem, as we have hard here, in the past, when agencies have had this, leadership resigns or they are fired. At the DEA, leadership left. We had this happen at the Secret Service; we had this happen at the Veterans Administration. And we, as a government, do that for two reasons: one is to send the signal that the status quo is not acceptable. We cannot continue to have this attitude, where we make excuse after excuse.    You know, I have heard a lot of testimony today. The one word I haven't heard is the word sorry. When is OPM going to apologize to over 4 million Federal employees that just had their personal data compromised? When is OPM going to apologize to the Federal employees that had personally devastating information released through the SF 86 forms? I haven't heard that yet.    And when there is a culture problem, we send a signal to others that the status quo is unacceptable and leadership has to resign. Another reason we do that is because we want new leadership in that is more competent.    So I am looking here today for a few good people to step forward, accept responsibility, and resign for the good of the Nation. I yield back.