    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, the crisis in Europe has resulted in thousands of refugees going to Europe, and not all of the people going into Europe are trying to escape the Syrian war. Now we understand there are people from all over the Middle East, even as far away as Afghanistan, and all fleeing, looking to move to Europe for various reasons. Not all of them are seeking asylum or refugee status, but may have other motives in mind as well.    I think part of the reason folks were moving so quick out of the Middle East and Syria is because Russia has gotten involved in Syria and is propping up Assad, trying to make sure he sticks around. And people see that their lives are in danger, so they leave the area.    Obviously, Europe was not prepared for this tremendous influx of thousands and thousands of other people. I am not sure that Europe has figured out a way to handle it, and I am sure the United States, in my opinion, is not doing much to help in the crisis. Some countries take various positions on what to do with the migrants, let them pass through or maybe not even let them come into their country. One such example is Hungary, who is trying to protect the national sovereignty of its own country. And the United States, rather than try to understand the situation in Hungary, even last week the U.S. Ambassador dressed down the Hungarians for what the State Department believed was not the right course in dealing with migrants. That does nothing to help our relationship with Hungary, a NATO ally.    It is obvious that there has to be something to be done with these thousands of individuals and where they are going and how long are they going to stay? And what is the United States going to do to help in this crisis? And I am sure that our witnesses have all the answers to these questions. That is why they are here. So I will thank the chairman, and I yield back.    Mr. Poe. You were there.    Mr. Poe. Did she vote for you?    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, all, for being here.    Professor Lewis, I am intrigued that you study and teach natural law. I didn't know anybody did that in the country anymore. I am a great fan of natural law and the history, especially of the founding of our country under the theory of natural law.    I have been to Turkey, and I have seen the refugee camps. The one I was in had about 180,000 people from Syria. And this problem is increasing because, of course, of the situation that we are all aware of in Syria where you have got Assad, you have got rebels, a mixed bag of a bunch of folks, we don't know who they all are, and then we have ISIS all in there trying to control it, and the Russians come in trying to make a power struggle, and everybody's running for the hills.    The people coming into Europe, we don't know who they all are, because we don't know who they are. And it seems to me that they are everybody. They are those genuine refugees that are running for their lives because of Assad or ISIS. They are people looking for economic opportunities. They are people who are coming into Europe maybe to cause mischief, but various reasons. And if I understand what has been reported about their migration, the goal seems to be for a large amount of them to go into Europe, Eastern Europe, move into Germany and then even move up into the Nordic State. And there is no end in sight until we run out of people.    I read some estimates that there are going to be 5 million folks moving into Europe. I don't know if that is true or not, but it is a lot of folks coming in. There is no unified plan on what to do with all those people or who is going to pay for it.    One of the, I think, issues of any nation is to protect its sovereignty or its integrity, however you want to define that. But part of that is knowing who comes into their country and deciding whether they can stay or not. But the main thing, know who they are, identify them. And early on, it looked like people were just coming in into Europe and going wherever they can get and never did know who they were.    I think countries like the border European Union countries, specifically like Hungary, not only have a right but an obligation to find out who is coming into their country. For the U.S. to second-guess them and belittle them, and our soap opera Ambassador dressing them down last week, I thought that was a big mistake. Because, if I understand the way the system works, if a country identifies someone at their border as a refugee, and the person keeps moving, let's say to Germany, gets to Germany, Germany may have the ability, authority to send them back to the original border entry country.    Is that your understanding, either one of you all? Under the current agreement in the European Union? Do either one of you know?    Mr. Poe. So we don't have any--we don't know what could happen to the migrant that gets all the way to Germany or to France or Sweden and that country decides, you are not staying here. They go back to where they came from or the original entry country. That seems to me to promote just chaos in Europe.    Europe is, what, 500 million; United States is 360 million or so. And you have lots of people coming in. It would just seem to me that nations would have the authority to identify and track and find out who is coming in. And then as my friend from New York pointed out, what is the purpose of folks coming in? Are they coming in to assimilate into whatever country, or are they coming in to form another culture in the country? I think France has found that they have had this problem with assimilation of people who come to their country.    So I guess my question is, what should the United States be doing? And we are observing and criticizing, but what should we be doing about this migration issue in Europe?    Mr. Poe. You mean financially?    Mr. Poe. And right now, is it your understanding that the border--every country is kind of on their own as far as paying for the migrants that are there?    Mr. Poe. I am going to send you over there with your expertise in ICE and border security.    Mr. Poe. I am about out of time, professor. In fact, I am. Do you want to weigh in on that?    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.