    Mr. Goodlatte. Good morning. The Judiciary Committee will come to order. And without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    We welcome everyone to this morning's hearing on the oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and I will begin by recognizing myself for an opening statement.    Welcome, Director Comey, to your second appearance before the House Judiciary Committee since your confirmation as the seventh Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. We are happy to have you here with us today. I once again commend your distinguished service to our Nation, and I'm confident you will continue to serve honorably at the helm of the FBI.    Today, the FBI continues to face the effects of one of the worst national security leaks in our Nation's history by Edward Snowden 2 years ago. Over the past year, the House Judiciary Committee spearheaded the passage of the USA FREEDOM Act, a bipartisan law that ended a controversial national security program and provided expanded oversight and transparency of America's intelligence gathering. The USA FREEDOM Act ensures that Federal law appropriately respects civil liberties while providing the necessary tools to preserve our collection capabilities and thereby meet our national security responsibilities.    I want to again thank Director Comey and the men and women of the FBI for working closely with Members of this Committee to ensure passage and enactment of the USA FREEDOM Act.    Events over the past year in the Middle East have deeply violated the world's moral compass with scenes of unimaginable brutality at the hands of ISIS. In particular, the appalling and indiscriminate targeting of anyone who fails to abide by ISIS' stated goal to establish a global caliphate has resulted in the shedding of innocent blood by the most revolting methods.    As a radical Islamic terrorist organization, ISIS mandates conformity to an ideology which permits no dissent. As Americans with a strong history of protecting religious liberty, we stand in total opposition to ISIS' decimation of Christian populations in the Middle East and to its vicious tactics.    America is not immune to ISIS' propaganda of terror. American teenagers have been radicalized in part by ISIS' concerted social media efforts promoting the killing of fellow Americans, and just last week a like-minded cyber hacker was indicted for providing ISIS with information on U.S. service members.    Director Comey, you are at the forefront of protecting our country from those who patiently plot to do us harm, and I am interested today in hearing more about the FBI's efforts to combat ISIS.    Over 3 years ago, our diplomatic mission to Benghazi, Libya, was attacked by terrorists and four Americans, including our Ambassador, were killed. As of today, only one subject has been apprehended and placed on trial. I am interested in hearing more from you about the status of the FBI's investigation and efforts to bring to justice other terrorist killers who murdered four of our citizens.    Separately, it was revealed this past year that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton used a private e-mail server to conduct her official business while serving as Secretary of State. Two inspectors general have already reported that classified information was contained within Secretary Clinton's private e-mail and have referred the matter to the Justice Department.    While the apparent lack of transparency related to the use of a private server to conduct the Nation's diplomatic business is troubling, it also raises significant questions concerning the security of national secrets and the potential insight that such a home-brew setup may afford a foreign intelligence service into the day-to-day digital record of a top-level government official.    On the technology front, the issue known as Going Dark has been at the top of the FBI's concerns in recent years. Encryption technology is exciting and can effectively secure private communications when privacy is needed or desired. In fact, over 15 years ago, I led congressional efforts to ensure strong encryption technology and to ensure that the government could not automatically demand a backdoor key to encryption technologies.    This enabled the U.S. encryption market to thrive and produce legitimate encryption technologies for legitimate actors rather than see the market head completely overseas to companies that do not have to comply with basic protections. However, it is true that this technology can also be used by those who wish to do us harm. Adoption of new communications technologies by those intending to harm the American people is outpacing law enforcement's technological capability to access those communications in legitimate criminal and terrorist investigations.    In light of the Administration's recent announcement that it is not currently seeking a legislative solution to its Going Dark challenges, I am interested to hear your perspective on whether the Administration's newly announced approach to work in an ad hoc fashion with communication providers is an adequate solution.    Finally, violent crime appears to be on the rise across the country, particularly around our major metropolitan centers. It is disconcerting to watch the gains of the past decades unravel in an explosion of community violence. We have also witnessed several incidents in the past year that, unfortunately, have led to increased community tension with law enforcement. This tension will hopefully be resolved through improved communication, accountability, policing practices, and various other initiatives.    I hope to hear the FBI's perspectives on the reasons for the increase in crime and how to ensure that law enforcement officers and the citizens they serve can coexist in a safe and respectful environment.    In conclusion, Mr. Director, please know that this Committee sincerely appreciates your efforts to keep us safe and the heroic actions consistently performed by the men and women of the FBI to protect our country. I look forward to hearing your answers on all of these important topics today, as well as on our other issues of significance to the FBI and our Nation.    At this time, I am pleased to recognize the Ranking Member of the Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers, for his opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Conyers.    Without objection, all other Members' opening statements will be made a part of the record.    We welcome our distinguished witness today. And if you'll please rise, we'll begin by swearing you in.    Do you swear that the testimony that you are about to give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Director Comey. I do.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    Let the record reflect that the witness has responded in the affirmative.    On September 4, 2013, Director Comey was sworn in as the seventh director of the FBI. He began his career as an assistant United States attorney for both the Southern District of New York and the Eastern District of Virginia. After the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Director Comey returned to New York to become the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York. In 2003, he was appointed Deputy Attorney General under United States Attorney General John Ashcroft. Director Comey is a graduate of the College of William and Mary and the University of Chicago Law School.    We welcome you again today to your second appearance before the House Committee. Your written statement will be entered into the record in its entirety, and we ask that you summarize your testimony in 5 minutes. And with that, we welcome you again to the Committee.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Director Comey.    We'll now proceed under the 5-minute rule with questions for the Director, and I'll begin my recognizing myself.    Since the passage of the USA FREEDOM Act, a law that struck a balance between privacy and national security, is the FBI experiencing any difficulty in complying with the new law?    Mr. Goodlatte. But you're getting very close to that, I think----    Mr. Goodlatte . The date when the metadata collection will be completely turned off?    Mr. Goodlatte. Even with a decade's worth of information on Iraqi refugees, didn't we still encounter cases of domestic terrorism conducted by those admitted as refugees? With significantly less information on potential Syrian refugees, isn't it true that you can't ensure that the Iraqi experience is not going to be replayed?    Mr. Goodlatte. In fact, much less than we had access to when we were in Iraq----    Mr. Goodlatte . And had extensive networking and access to information about Iraqi citizens that simply does not in any way compare to the lack of information we have today about Syrian nationals who are seeking refugee status in the United States.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Director of the National Security Agency has said that former Secretary of State Clinton's private e-mail server would be a sought-after target for a foreign intelligence agency. Do you also believe that a foreign intelligence agency, particularly an adversary's, could benefit from acquiring and exploiting sensitive and classified information of a top-level U.S. Government official?    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, how about answering my generic question, not directed at the specifics of that case, but rather the question of whether you believe that a foreign intelligence agency, particularly an adversary's, could benefit from acquiring and exploiting sensitive and classified information of a top-level U.S. Government official?    Mr. Goodlatte. You've said that encryption represents the Going Dark problem in high definition. Earlier this month you testified in front of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee that the Obama administration has decided to no longer seek a legislative remedy to address challenges law enforcement faces with encryption and Going Dark. What has changed? And do you agree with the concerns that I and the Ranking Member, Mr. Conyers, have expressed about some of the proposals that had previously been made with regard to addressing this problem?    Mr. Goodlatte. I just came from a meeting with Bill Gates who indicated that the progress being made in quantum computing is dramatic and that computers of that high capability will soon be able to crack any kind of encryption that anyone has. That I found to be very interesting information. I have both good and bad views of that because obviously that can be seriously abused and invade the privacy of law-abiding citizens, but it also will be a source of solving your problem when you encounter encrypted materials by people who are suspected enemies of the United States or criminals capable of using high technology to protect themselves and evade prosecution under the law.    Do you have any comments or knowledge about the current state of quantum computing?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    I now recognize the Ranking Member for his questions.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Forbes, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. That Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentlewoman and recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Issa, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Cohen, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The gentleman does not have another minute.    But the Chair will recognize the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Chu for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentlewoman and recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Gohmert, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Gutierrez, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Poe, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired, but we'll permit the Director to answer the question.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Utah, Mr. Chaffetz, for 5 minutes.