    Mr. Himes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And let me thank all of you for being here to have this conversation. I want to just make a couple of observations and ask a few questions.    To be clear, I actually voted for the JOBS Act. I had some misgivings, but in the end I thought it was a good compromise.    I am always taken aback, though, when this topic is shoehorned into the debate that this institution has so often about where exactly the boundary line of government regulation, interference, presence should be. It doesn't really fit.    We can eliminate all regulation on the issuance of new securities. That will make it a much simpler process for businesses to do capital formation, unquestionably at the expense of the other half of our economy, which are the investors.    So it seems to me that this is a problem of really balancing the interests of two absolutely essential elements of our economy: the people who need the capital; and the people who are offering the capital.    I get so confused when the presentations are shoehorned into this world where, in this case, in this panel's case, if we just do everything for those people who need capital at the cost of those people who provide--well, everything will be fine.    We know that is not true. So I want to make that observation because it just drives me crazy when good work gets caught up in this deregulatory fervor.    The question I want to ask, just to bring this point home: It is well-known that most instruments that are available to retail investors--mutual funds, equity mutual funds--most managers, professionals of equity mutual funds, don't beat the market index.    So I guess my question is, in particular for those who are so enthusiastic about pushing the boundaries of the JOBS Act, can anybody here tell me that they are sure that retail investors--because that is who we are talking about here--that retail investors--setting aside the issues of fraud and 404(b) and what companies are actually more prone to poor compliance; that is a whole other story--but are retail investors going to make a lot of money in crowdsourcing--crowdfunding?    Can anybody here on the panel tell me that your average middle-class family out there with, let's just say, I don't know, $10,000, $20,000 to invest--would anybody here recommend that a middle-class retail unsophisticated investor ought to put $10,000, $20,000 into a private placement or a crowdfunding deal?    Mr. Himes. But do you think they would make money? Would you advise a--    Mr. Himes. Would you advise a retail investor to put money into an index fund or into some local crowdfunded--    Mr. Himes. Okay. But that is not my question. My question is--and you have some economic background--is that individual likely to outperform an index with that as an investment strategy?    Mr. Himes. No, no. I understand. You are not actually answering my--I appreciate what you are doing, but you are not actually answering my--    Mr. Himes. Right. Okay.    I have another important question here. But the fact is that the average professional mutual fund manager doesn't beat the index, so I am going to preserve some skepticism about whether a retail investor, homework or no homework, is going to do better.    I have one other question, though, which is--and I appreciate what the JOBS Act has done. We apparently are saving companies a lot of money. I did a lot of work on this and people assured me that full Sarbanes-Oxley disclosure was going to cost $1 million or $2 million absent the JOBS Act.    I want to ask a question, which is that the average IPO gross spread, which the average IPO, let's just say it is about $200 million--a little less than that, $200 million. Gross spread 7 percent, that is $14 million.    Ninety-five percent of all IPOs in the United States since 2008 have had a 7 percent gross spread, and $14 million has gone to the underwriters. Why is that?    Mr. Himes. If the chairman will indulge me just for a few more seconds here--    Mr. Himes. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.