    Mr. Ashford. I don't have any questions, Mr. Chairman. Thanks.    The Chairman. All right. Mr. Yoho, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Ashford. Just briefly.    The Chairman. All right. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Ashford. Thank you. And I don't really have any other questions. This is very helpful. I know in Nebraska, we are very reliant upon the diverse energy sources that we have, natural gas, and coal, and other related products. It is critical, we are an ag state, obviously, and it is critical.    In Nebraska, in our legislature before I came here, we spent a year or so working on the TransCanada Pipeline issue. And I felt that we balanced the interests of the environment and ag and energy quite successfully in agreeing to move the pipeline off the Ogallala Aquifer, which is the largest underground water source in the country and one of the largest sources in the world globally, to protect the environment, at the same time to make sure that we had a steady flow of energy not only to our state, but throughout the country.    And we are also a public power state. We are the only state, kind of a remnant of Senator George Norris who was a U.S. Senator here and a Member of Congress and the father of the unicameral legislature which we are so proud of in Nebraska. And at that time, we, in the 1930s, we developed a public, as did many states, basically, public power across our state and it remains so today. So we do have public participation through our public power, Omaha Public Power, and Nebraska Public Power, and other agencies across the state.    So I don't have a question. Your comments, though, are right on, and over-regulation to the point where we can't produce sufficient energy to meet the needs of agriculture, especially with the downturn in prices, I am convinced that those prices are not going to remain where they are now, certainly, for corn and soybeans. And as those prices come back, we need to be ready to go and have the energy available to us at a reasonable cost and price.    So, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate you giving me the opportunity to comment. I don't have any questions. Thank you and I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Ms. Sims, could you walk us through the mechanics of the difference between drilling rigs and pulling units and how the well servicing business works? And talk to us a little about the supply chain that throws off jobs, not your company necessarily, but creates jobs around the work that you do. Just give us a primer on what Buster's Well Service does.