    Mr. Kehoe. Chairman Walberg, Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Wilson, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify today on behalf of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.    The Chamber of Commerce is a longstanding supporter of reasonable and necessary steps designed to achieve equal employment opportunity. However, the Chamber has serious concerns as to how these laws are currently being administered and enforced by the EEOC.    No matter how well-intentioned, any law enforcement agency's judgment, including the EEOC, can become clouded by hubris and susceptible to overreach. Too often, courts have taken exception to the EEOC's shoot-first-aim-later tactics.    For example, just last Friday, a judge awarded attorney's fees to two companies forced to defend themselves against what the court called frivolous litigation. Just a month ago, a 4th Circuit judge issued a scathing opinion against the EEOC for not being vigilant enough to avoid abusing the power that Congress bestowed upon it.    These and other litigation embarrassments can be blamed in part on the Commissioners' lack of control over the EEOC litigation program. Only Commissioners have the statutory authority to initiate litigation. In 1996 the Commissioners delegated away much of this authority to the general counsel, who then re-delegated away to regional attorneys.    The Commission partially rescinded this delegation in 2012, but problems persist. Far too often, Commissioners learn about litigation by an EEOC press release or social media. The general counsel or unappointed, unconfirmed regional attorneys are making policy through litigation. However, any EEOC general counsel is the agency's litigator, not its policymaker.    For 40 years courts have reviewed the EEOC's statutory conciliation efforts. In 2013, a 7th Circuit Court rejected this statutory safeguard, finding conciliation not subject to judicial review.    This issue is currently before the Supreme Court in EEOC v. Mach Mining, where the EEOC argued that, as a law enforcement agency, its actions related to whether it complied with statutory mandates are not reviewable. This position is simply breathtaking in scope and encourages the EEOC to purposefully eschew conciliation in search of the next lawsuit--the opposite of congressional intent.    All of the issues that have plagued the EEOC recently were on full display in EEOC v. Honeywell, a case filed by the EEOC seeking a preliminary injunction to prohibit Honeywell from offering financial incentives pursuant to the wellness program. The EEOC received charges on October 16, 2014, determined that day that a violation of the ADA and GINA occurred, demanded that Honeywell stop using financial incentives, and filed litigation 11 days later.    However, the Affordable Care Act, HIPAA, and joint regulations issued by three cabinet-level agencies permit--indeed, encourage--financial incentives and wellness programs. The EEOC's theory was that the incentives made participation non-voluntary under the ADA and GINA even if the incentives complied with the Affordable Care Act and its implementing regulations.    One district office believed so and filed suit without Commissioner approval, seeing to establish a policy position never adopted by the Commissioners. This rogue agency strategy will likely have a chilling effect on the development and implementation of wellness programs.    Ultimately, the EEOC's choice to focus on systemic litigation with questionable theories has caused it to ignore instances of more traditional types of discrimination, leaving alleged victims and their employers in limbo, literally for years.    A decade ago, the Commission would file almost 375 lawsuits annually. Despite an increased budget in 2010, the EEOC now files only 130. One can rightfully ask what the EEOC is doing with its sizeable budget, as it is clear that all too often they are not investigating promptly, not conciliating in good faith, and not litigating very well.    Justice Brandeis once said that sunlight is the best disinfectant. The four bills under consideration today would provide that sunlight and are common-sense, narrow solutions to these issues.    H.R. 549 will ensure that policymaking is rightfully returned to the commissions--Commissioners in all multi-victim litigation that the EEOC pursues. H.R. 550 will clarify the EEOC's duty to conciliate and ensure that such efforts are reviewable in court. H.R. 1189 will ease the uncertainty created by the EEOC's litigation against Honeywell.    Finally, H.R. 548 provides clarity for employers faced with state or local mandates prohibiting the hiring of certain convicted felons for certain positions. That is all that it does.    Overall, these bills should enhance the EEOC's functionality and accountability, and the chamber supports them.    Mr. Kehoe. Yes, it does. The EEOC does not have authority to issue substantive regulations under Title 7; procedural regulations are okay.    Mr. Kehoe. Chairman Walberg, thank you for that question.    Of course Congress should be concerned. Congress has given a budget of $360 million to the EEOC to go eradicate discrimination, and on many of its large cases the EEOC is, to put it in Monopoly words, failing to get past go because they can't even establish a prima facie case of discrimination.    The EEOC has immense subpoena power to get this information before filing any sort of litigation, and while no one would expect the EEOC to bat 1,000 on all of its cases, the troubling trend--and, you know, if it were only one or two cases then maybe Congress should be less concerned, but there are dozens of cases where the EEOC has been sanctioned and had their cases thrown out of court----    Mr. Kehoe. Having Commissioner review adds another layer of oversight--a layer of oversight to the regional attorneys who want to bring the case, a layer of oversight to the general counsel who signs all the filings. It absolutely has the potential to ensure that better cases are being brought.    The review period for Commissioners allows Commissioners to ask questions. The issue is on many cases that are filed by the EEOC, the Commissioners find out by press release or social media. They are not even involved.    And I think the issue of when making policy through litigation comes up, at the end of the day the general counsel is not the agency's policymaker; he is just the litigator--any general counsel.    Mr. Kehoe. Thank you for that question.    I think the most important reason for courts to be able to review whether the EEOC complies with its statutory mandate is because it is a statutory mandate. Title 7 requires the EEOC to conciliate because the goal of the employment discrimination laws is to reach a settlement prior to actually filing litigation.    For 40 years courts have reviewed whether or not the EEOC has complied with its conciliation requirements. Congress, in the 1972 amendments to Title 7, considered whether to exempt the EEOC's conciliation requirements from judicial review.    They reviewed a bill; they didn't enact that bill. So it is pretty clear that congressional intent requires the EEOC to conciliate in good faith, because here is the situation----    Mr. Kehoe. Well, there have been several cases that have been thrown out of court for failure to conciliate. The biggest one is EEOC v. CRST.    The court had awarded $4.7 million in damages, and though that award has been remanded by the 8th Circuit back to the trial court, at the end of the day, in CRST the EEOC spent 10 years investigating and litigating, brought a huge class case for 154 women who were allegedly sexually harassed, and they settled the case after just about 10 years for $50,000 after 153 women who claimed they were sexually harassed were left out in the cold because the EEOC didn't follow the rules.    Mr. Kehoe. Well, I think specifically with U.S. Steel, the first point of order would be that was one of those cases where a good amount of Commissioners found out about the case via a press release. That case was brought essentially--the policy that U.S. Steel had implemented essentially said: for probationary employees, you can't show up to work drunk at the steel mill.    And the EEOC decided that that was a violation of the ADA to do random alcohol testing. Now, it would stand to reason that any sort of safety policy that requires people in steel mills to show up to work sober would clearly be job-related.