    Ms. Melton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Congressman Griffith and the other members of the subcommittee.    During my testimony, I am going to address key areas related to state and local initiatives that are making an impact, and I will also address key areas where I feel the federal government can assist in these areas.    The first key area I will address is education of prescribers. As you are all aware, students and residents in healthcare professions have limited exposure to curricula in identifying and treating substance use disorders and appropriate prescribing and dispensing of controlled substances for chronic pain, but in Virginia, we are working together to bring leaders from all healthcare schools together to assure that our prescribers and dispensers of controlled substances have received an adequate education on addiction and the treatment of chronic pain.    Overall, more funding is needed form the federal level to provide expanded graduate medical education opportunities for training in the identification, referral, and treatment of substance use disorders. As changes in federal funding allocated for graduate medical education are currently being discussed, it is an opportune time to assess how funding can best address training in addiction medicine.    Tennessee has a mandated annual continuing education requirement for prescribers. Virginia, however, does not have that. OneCare of Southwest Virginia has joined with the Medical Society of Virginia and the Virginia Department of Health to provide no-cost continuing medical education to all healthcare prescribers as well as dispensers. We have been able to educate over 2,000 prescribers and dispensers in the past 3 years. We are currently evaluating how that continuing education has changed prescribing habits, attitudes, and registration to the prescription drug monitoring program as well as other outcomes.    I wanted you to know that in January, a letter was sent directly from Secretary of Health and Human Services, Dr. Bill Hazel, to all prescribers in Virginia. The letter specifically addressed new legislation that requires prescribers to be monitored, to be registered in the prescription drug monitoring program, but it also talked about how to use the PMP programs in clinical practice. I am happy to report as a result of that letter, the prescription drug monitoring program registrations dramatically increased, and we are seeing a steady increase in inquiries to the PMP in the clinical setting. We are going to be sending a letter to all pharmacists in the Commonwealth in the next month.    With regard to access to naloxone, both Virginia and Tennessee have recently passed legislation that will provide wide access to this lifesaving medication, and OneCare has worked extensively with the Virginia Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Services to train people across the Commonwealth through Project Revive. Last summer, Senator Tim Kaine attended one of those trainings in Lebanon, Virginia, and as a result of his training, he has introduced legislation through the Opioid Overdose Reduction Act to offer Good Samaritan protection for first responders. It is my hope that Congress will pass this legislation so that we have a consistent Good Samaritan protection across the Nation.    One barrier we are finding with naloxone, though, is the cost. It is not mandated by insurance companies to cover this medication, and it really should be.    With regard to treatment, medication-assisted treatments with methadone, buprenorphine, and naltrexone have become an essential component of a comprehensive treatment plan for opioid use disorders. The issue that we have now is that we need a modernization of federal law to further expand access to these lifesaving medications but we need specific best practice requirements and recommendations for prescribers and insurers such as Medicaid and Medicare to make sure that certain patients are receiving comprehensive care by competently trained healthcare providers. Also critical is reimbursement for parts of these programs such as urine drug screens and the necessary psychotherapy that accompanies the medication treatment.    With regard to monitoring with the prescription drug monitoring program, both Virginia and Tennessee are members of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy Interconnect program, and I am very happy to find that the bill that will find NASPER is being proposed because the funding for that allocation will help all States be able to participate in a national prescription drug monitoring program. There is one concern I have, though. You may or may not know, a concern that we encounter daily in clinical practice is that methadone clinics are not required to report methadone dispensing to the prescription drug monitoring programs. This is a very serious situation because if these patients do not disclose this to their primary care providers and they don't know it when they access the prescription drug monitoring program, we often see other opioids being prescribed, benzodiazepines that can lead to death. So that is an issue of concern. And in contrast, buprenorphine, of course, is reported to the State prescription drug monitoring programs that allow us more monitoring for safety and appropriate use.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify and for your ongoing commitment to this epidemic across the United States.    Ms. Melton. That is a great question and a point of controversy in the clinical setting. Of course, to me the goal of medication-assisted treatment is to provide a treatment for the patient where they are able to do the hard work and become productive members of society. And so the way I think of it as a patient who has addiction has constant craving and constant thoughts of where am I going to get my next opioid. When they are prescribed methadone or buprenorphine, the craving is relieved and they are able to focus their efforts on doing the really hard work that is necessary, and that is the psychotherapy, group, 12-step programs, et cetera. So the overall goal is for the patients to receive the treatment for a limited period of time. We usually tend to think of it as 2 years, 1 year for them to become stable and do the hard work and perhaps a year to taper off of it. However, there are some patients that are wanting to have this maintenance for life. We know we have seen that in some patients, but the goal is eventually for them to be productive members of society and not to be maintained long-term.    Ms. Melton. Well, what I would say with that and I address in my testimony is that we are in dire need of more regulations and recommendations on evidence-based care of how these programs should be run. We know in Tennessee and southwest Virginia some buprenorphine programs have become pill mills where the physicians charge them high prices, they come in and get their medication, and they leave.    Ms. Melton. Yes. We are seeing that, and it is devastating in many circumstances. There is a dearth of access to good treatment, and by ``good treatment,'' I mean patients being seen frequently, getting urine drug screens at nearly every visit, if not every visit, requiring 12-step programs, group counseling, and not co-prescribing with other drugs of addiction such as benzodiazepines.    Ms. Melton. I agree, yes.    Ms. Melton. I also agree, yes.    Ms. Melton. Yes.    Ms. Melton. That is correct.    Ms. Melton. Absolutely not. I agree with him. It is not addiction. We are getting them into a state of where those behaviors that meet the criteria for addiction are gone. They are now in a state of physiologic dependence on the opioid, but because of that dependence, they are able to do the hard work that we have discussed, and I totally agree when I said the 2-year, when you look at insurance companies, they limit buprenorphine a lot of times to 2 years.    Ms. Melton. But for some people, it will be a lifetime, as I said.    Ms. Melton. Some people are able to do abstinence.    Ms. Melton. Sure. In simple terms, naloxone is an opioid antagonistic or a blocker, and so when naloxone is administered either intranasally, IV, or intramuscularly, it goes to the receptors in the brain to block opioid receptors. And so it will kick off heroin, other opioids immediately, and by doing that, it reverses respiratory depression and other central nervous system depression that leads to death. So what happens is the patient goes into nearly immediate withdrawal, but unfortunately, naloxone only lasts for a short period of time and so often additional dosing is needed, especially with methadone overdoses, which has a very long activity in the body.    Ms. Melton. Absolutely right. It should never be considered that people will use naloxone so that they can have a higher dose of heroin. You ask any addict if they want to go into immediate withdrawal, and they will tell you it is their worst nightmare.    Ms. Melton. Well, I think one issue is, I think we are getting the awareness going across the country now but access to it, patients being able to afford it is a difficulty. It really needs to be mandated coverage by insurance companies so we are able to access it easily at the pharmacy. Virginia's new legislation will allow pharmacists to, through a collaborative practice agreement, write prescriptions for patients that come in and ask for it and train them on the spot, which I think is a huge step forward, so that will increase access, but again, the payment issues are a barrier.    Ms. Melton. I agree.    Ms. Melton. OK. So as I stated in my testimony, Virginia, Tennessee, West Virginia and the other border States will soon be participating in the Interconnect, which allows prescription drug monitoring programs to connect across States lines, so when I have a patient that comes in, I automatically run a query, let us say from Virginia I can access 15 different States immediately and see if they have had any prescriptions filled in other States. It has been amazing to see how we are able to identify doctor shoppers and identify them as a potential for addiction and get them into treatment.