    Mr. Simpson. I expect one at every hearing.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome, Dr. Roubideaux. It is good to see you again.    As you are probably aware or probably should be if you are reading anything, we are probably not going to have as much money to spend as the President's budget spends, and that is going to make things tighter and more difficult for us to put together. As you know, the last time we hit sequestration, we did not exempt Indian Health Services as we did Medicare and some of the other programs, veterans' health care and so forth. It was an oversight error on our part, quite frankly. Sequestration has raised its head now that the Ryan-Murray budget has expired and we do not know what the Budget Committee is going to put forward. Have you looked at the impacts of sequestration on Indian Health Services if we don't do anything about sequestration?    Mr. Simpson. Well, I am not sure you would find anybody that really likes sequestration but somehow we find ourselves here, which is kind of bizarre.    One of the challenges we have been facing for years is the lack of health care professionals in Indian Health Service. We had like a 1,500-person backlog in health care professionals. We directed IHS in report language to look at the credentialing process. Can you provide us an update regarding the pilot program on the credentialing process the Committee discussed with you in 2015 and how it could impact IHS's need for additional health care providers?    Mr. Simpson. Well, I appreciate that. As we found out, it is not only credentialing; there are a lot of other factors that go into being able to get health care professionals to go on to Indian reservations, sometimes remote Indian reservations, housing and other types of things. Before I quit, Mr. Chairman, I would feel like I had not done my job if I did not ask a dental question.    Could you give us the status of your work to complete electronic dental records and making this priority would help IHS gather data on early childhood caries, which will lead to cost savings in the long run?    Mr. Simpson. Thank you. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Simpson . We have votes going on, and Ken went over to vote, and he will be right back, and then some of us will go vote. And we are trying to not waste your time too much.    A couple of questions. I am a little perplexed by one of the statements in your--I guess not perplexed, but there is a statement in your testimony I do not understand. ``I ask the committee to remove the rider included in the 2015 Appropriation Act that prevents the Fish and Wildlife Service from writing rules to list several species of sage-grouse. Our approach to working collaboratively among Federal agencies, States, and local stakeholders could provide the path to conserving species and Endangered Species Act protections for both by State.''    We agree with that, and we think that is the right way to go. We do not know why the rider is creating complications for that. All we are saying is we are preventing the listing so that the Department has the time to actually do these cooperations with the States and come up with plans so that ultimately--and I think this is what we all want--is not to have to list sage-grouse because, frankly, it would be devastating on the West.    Let me ask you this, and obviously I do not know the answer to it or I would not ask it. If a determination is made--ultimately whenever Congress allows the determination to be made--on listing of the sage-grouse, is it an all or nothing determination? Different States cooperate differently with the Department in trying to save the habitat? Let us just say, for example, a hypothetical. Wyoming is doing a fantastic job working with you, doing the preventative measures to try and preserve the habitat. And let us say Idaho is just being obstinate and will not do anything to protect it. When you make a determination, do you have to say we do not list it in Wyoming, we do list it in Idaho? Can it be that way, or regionally, or is it across the landscape, or nothing?    Mr. Simpson. Sure.    Mr. Simpson. And the reason I ask the question, though, is we are looking at this broad landscape.    Mr. Simpson. I mean, it covers the whole western United States essentially. The same thing happened with wolves when they reintroduced them as a non-essential experimental population in Montana, Idaho, and Wyoming. And they put requirements on 10 breeding pair in the three States. Idaho and Montana did their job, and they got breeding pairs in the 30s, 40s, 50s. Wyoming did not, and when Fish and Wildlife Service came in and said we are going to de-list in Idaho and Montana, the judge said, no, you cannot do that, it has got to be all three States. So we are being punished because Wyoming would not do what was required of them, and it was Congress that overrode that and said, no, that is not the case.    And I wonder, how we are getting cooperation, and we are getting different levels of cooperation I am sure from all the different States and different levels of concern. I am wondering if those States that are working with you trying to save this sage brush steppe and those States that are not, are we going to get punished because they are not cooperating as well?    Mr. Simpson. Can we clip its wings? .    I am just kidding.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you. I have several other questions relative to BIE schools, and PILT funding, and so forth, but I will ask those when my turn comes up and I am sitting over here. .    Ms. McCollum.    Mr. Simpson. Would the gentlelady yield for just a moment?    Mr. Simpson. The monarch butterfly, I have recently had several individuals ask me, the comment period ends roughly March 1st, or 2nd, or 3rd.    Mr. Simpson. Would you be willing to extend the comment period for 60 days?    Mr. Simpson. On the monarch butterfly.    Mr. Simpson. Right.    Mr. Simpson. I just have a quick question. And, first of all, thanks for coming out to Hopi Navajo land with us and for your staff for coming out. It was very educational for all of us that were there. And thanks for the budget that you put in Indian education. It is very important to this committee.    A recent newspaper editorial in the Minneapolis Star Tribune stated that while the President's Fiscal Year 2016 budget requests additional resources for school construction, it would still take an estimated 30 years to replace all BIE schools that need rebuilding. Why did the Administration not request enough money, and is that true?    Mr. Simpson. I just believe everything that comes out of Minnesota.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you, and thank you for the efforts and support you have done on wildfire fighting. It is very important to us. And also the link to try and fund LWCF and PILT is very important. So thanks for the job that you do and your staff. They do a great job. Thanks.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First let me say I appreciate your employees out in Region 10; Dennis McClaren is doing a great job. I enjoy working with him. We sometimes disagree about what the EPA has to do or what he has to do, but I have always found him to be a gentleman that is willing to sit down and talk to us and try to work out any differences. We have done some good things with Dixie Drain in Boise to help reduce the cost of having to remove phosphate from the river before it goes into the Snake River.    Mr. Simpson. Now let me ask you a couple of questions.    Mr. Simpson. It goes downhill from here.    Mr. Simpson. I will get into the Clean Water Act in just a minute. But yesterday you testified before Chairman Whitfield's Subcommittee, and I have heard from a couple of sources including the Chairman and a couple of others who listened to it--and I want to give you a chance to clarify this statement for me--that when asked about the power plant rules, clean coal fired power plant rules, that your response was these rules were not put in place because of pollution, they were about investment opportunities.    Mr. Simpson. I thought you might want to.    Mr. Simpson. Okay. Well, thank you for that clarification because I did not think it could be accurately reflected in what I said.    Mr. Simpson. When we talk about the Clean Water Act I think it is always important to remember, and nobody ever seems to state it, but we are not talking about waters that were unregulated before.    Mr. Simpson. These were regulated by the state, just not under the Clean Water Act by the federal government. I find it hard when you say it does not represent an expansion of the EPA's jurisdiction. I think it is a vast expansion of the EPA's jurisdiction. In fact when you talk about the connectivity rule I do not know how you inevitably get to the point where you are going to start regulating groundwater also. And I will tell you what, a real short story, when I first got elected to the legislature in the State of Idaho, I drew up a Constitutional Amendment, and it had to do with hunting and fishing. And it had a line in it that said federal waters. All of my colleagues in the legislature that agreed with what I was trying to do said they could never vote for that because they would not put in our Constitution anything that said federal waters because there were no federal waters, they were state waters. That is how strongly the state feels about that. And so when they look at expansion of the Clean Water Act, they get very, very concerned. And I realize that we had to clarify what navigable was, in terms of navigable to what, or to who. I do not know why the Court said that. But the answer seemed to be let us regulate everything and that clear it up. I do not think that is what the Court said, and it is up to us to come up with a rule that more accurately reflects the role of the states and the role of the federal government.    As an example, the Supreme Court in the SWANCC decision specifically rejected the Agency's assertion because that when you say this is not an expansion of jurisdiction, it is just those waters that the EPA has historically claimed jurisdiction, the SWANCC decision specifically ``Rejected the Agency's assertion that use of an isolated wetland by a migratory bird was a sufficient basis to establish federal jurisdiction. The proposed rule being considered now suggests that the movement of wildlife including birds between one water and another, or the reliance on a particular water within a watershed by a species or for any part of the species' life cycle can be used as evidence of the connectivity of waters for purposes of asserting federal jurisdiction.'' Can you explain how that is not an expansion of federal jurisdiction?    Mr. Simpson. But how do you not eventually regulate it?    Mr. Simpson. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just for the benefit of my good friend from Minnesota, the Ranking Member, I just wanted you to know that one of our Admirals, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mullen, said the biggest threat this country faces is the debt and deficit that we currently have.    That is the challenge that we face. We can all point out issues that need to be addressed. The question is how do you get the money and so forth to do it? Which is a primary concern of this budget--$71 billion, is above the budget caps.    Let me ask you about three questions that deal with this budget. The fiscal year 2014 omnibus included directives to the EPA to solicit comments from the states and stakeholders and update the air modeling tool, CALPUFF, and the cost manual, which are the two components that factor into EPA's decision on regional Haze regulations.    Can you update me on steps the EPA has taken to update this modeling tool and the cost manual?    Mr. Simpson. Okay.    Mr. Simpson. Secondly, the budget removes the Fiscal Year 2015 appropriations language, applying American requirements for iron and steel used in EPA drinking water, state revolving loan fund projects which is the Aderholt-Visclosky amendment. Why? What are the problems that this presents?    Mr. Simpson. I am not sure that is the answer you want to be giving.    But I suspect that there will be efforts to, and probably successful efforts to put the language back in. And I understand that it causes some challenges because there are some things that are difficult to get from America and so forth, and you have to exclude them and all in that kind of process. But I understand that. I am sure that will be an effort of this Committee.    The other question, your budget assumes a relatively flat workforce, but it does shift some employees around. The budget proposes shifting or creating 65 new FTEs for greenhouse gas regulatory work and 24 FTEs that are attorneys to assist the legal and regulatory needs. Why is that?    Mr. Simpson. Well, you have been successful. You are back up to 15,000 now, 15,034.    Mr. Simpson. But you can assure us that if we allow the shifts to occur, and you get the 24 attorneys and 65 greenhouse gas regulatory people working in that arena, that we can speed up the permitting process and you will be able to demonstrate that next year when you come back?    Mr. Simpson. And one final question if I could, Mr. Chairman, and that is your budget proposes, during a time when we have asked for the third highest EPA budget in history, which is what this budget request would be, proposes to reduce the Clean Water State Revolving Fund by $333 million and increase the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund by $297 million. So there is a net decrease of funds in the State Revolving loan funds. I have got to tell you, I think one of the biggest challenges we face in this country now is the infrastructure of the water and sewer systems in this country. Engineers will tell you there is roughly a $700 billion backlog out there. What we put in at the federal level, plus what the states add to it and local communities means that if we kept doing that, at this rate we could address the backlog that exists in roughly 100-150 years. That is the backlog that exists today. Somehow this agency needs to be at the forefront of deciding how we are going to address that need because the state revolving loan funds, while a great idea when they started, are insufficient to address the need that exists out there. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Simpson. Thank you. Thank you for being here today and for your testimony and putting up with our votes in the middle of it all.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you.    Mr. Simpson. There is nothing more former than a former chairman.    Mr. Simpson. No, no, no problem. I am going to submit several questions for the record dealing with questions from the Shoshone-Bannock Tribe in my district about the 6th grade expansion and grant programs. I appreciate your help in making sure that was accomplished. Currently we are concentrating on schools, and if you look over the last several years at this committee, we concentrated on healthcare because that was substantially under par and needed to be brought up. So we have increased funding for that and contract support. Now we are concentrating on schools while maintaining the concentration on healthcare, but that does not cover all the issues that need to be addressed.    I am also concerned about the police protection and so forth on reservations, or the lack thereof and the incredible distance that area that tribes have within reservations and with very few officers and the danger that that causes and the violence against women that occurs on reservations. There are also alcohol problems that occur just on the border of the reservation when somebody sets up a community there and that causes problems. I still remember from when we were visiting, I think it was the Indian Reservations in South Dakota--and we talked to a police officer there--and they lost a police officer that had been on duty for too many hours and he basically fell off the road. So it is not to suggest that education is the only thing we have got to deal with. There are a lot of other things that we need to deal with also.    But we have been focusing on education, and the article that I mentioned the other day when Secretary Jewell was here about--it was in the Minneapolis paper that while I congratulated the Administration for their education budget, said that at this rate, it will take 30 years to address the needs that exist currently. We cannot wait 30 years. At that rate, we will have kids going to schools now whose kids will be going to schools that have not been fixed yet.    So we have got to find a better way to do this, and what I would want is the Administration and the Department to place before us a plan of how are you going to replace these schools and bring them up to speed. As the ranking member, Ms. McCollum, has said before, and I agree with it, where you send our kids, the conditions of the schools that they go into says a lot about what we think about our kids. It also says a lot to them about what we think about them. So we need to do a much better job, and I think we have to have a shorter time frame in how to address these schools. I am going to be a little bit pie in the sky in that we have got to find a plan to do it and fund it, and I do not have the answer yet. I know the chairman has some ideas, but we need to start debating this, and how do you put together the priority list and how far down does it go. I want to know what the whole realm is, and I am not talking about building castles. I look at it sort of like when a school district goes out for a bond, they put everything out there that they would like and the voters reject it because it is too much, and then they come back and pare it down and say okay, what is necessary and I suspect if you put out a list of schools that need help, every tribe in the country would say we need this done and we need this done right. But how do you put together a priority list and how far down does it go? Because there are needs all across the country.    Mr. Simpson. Well, what I would like to see before the committee is a plan to address it in as short of a time frame as we could do it. I realize it is not going to be done in one year but we could actually debate it here in committee and say okay, where are we going to come up with the funds and get it done. That is the only way you are going to do it. It is the same way we did it with healthcare. And then, as I said, there are a lot of different issues that need to be addressed. We cannot ignore safety on the reservations and many other things.    Are we using regional detention centers, to any extent? And I know that it causes challenges because every tribe wants their own. Well, we cannot afford to build one everywhere. So it seems like it makes sense to me to utilize regional detention centers. Are we doing that at all?    Mr. Simpson. Well, let me just say before you do, one of the other issues is the education in those detention centers that we need to address.    Mr. Simpson. Yeah, I have a real quick question. When we were out in the Hopi-Navajo country, we went out to one of the schools that is going to be replaced. We rode on a bus out to it.    Mr. Simpson. Now, the interesting thing about that is Ms. McCollum and I are sitting on the bus driving for 20 minutes out there. We got 500 steps on our Fitbit just sitting on the bus----    Mr. Simpson. Yeah, one way, which tells you how bad the road was. Tell me about your roads program. And I hear this also from the Cheyenne River Sioux and other tribes. In fact, I hear it from just about every tribe that I meet with, they are concerned about how we fund roads on the reservations.    Mr. Simpson. Does the formula need to be reformed? Is there an issue with the formula?    Mr. Simpson. Depending on who you talk to?    Mr. Simpson. This is actually kind of stunning. I was just telling Congressman Cole that I will guarantee you if it was a building built or a school built or re-roofed anywhere in Idaho, in any community in Idaho, if it started to leak, contractor's rear end is in trouble and a prosecutor would be after them in a heartbeat as well as the school and attorneys. I do not understand why that has not happened here, and it reminded me as you were talking about this, the stories in the old days about the reservations and we were going to provide beef and so people took advantage of it and put spoiled beef on the reservations and somebody is taking advantage here. Whether it is the contractors or the designers of the roof or whatever it is, somehow they have got to be held accountable. Having listened to Mr. Washburn and the other witnesses today, these are good people, and they are trying to do a good job. They are not just putting a blind eye to all these issues. They want the best for the tribes and the kids in these schools also. Is there something in the organizational structure that you have looked at that that could bring more accountability into the process?    And what was the BIA's response to your report here? Did they respond? I plan to review it this weekend.    Mr. Simpson. I will tell you, it gives me pause to have confidence in the list that they are going to put together prioritizing needs if we do not have the ability to determine what the need is. I will tell you that as we have traveled on some of these trips, we have gone to some schools that need some improvements, they need some repairs, and you talk to the local people and they are saying this needs to be torn down and replaced. I look at them and say, I understand why you say that, but I have been in some schools that I would not walk in, that I do not feel safe walking in, and this is a dream compared to them. I am not saying this is good.    Mr. Simpson. And so it gives me pause as to whether I am going to have confidence in the prioritized list that they come out with.    Mr. Simpson. Could I ask one quick question?    Mr. Simpson. I have just one quick question, if I could, Mr. Chairman. You may want to take a pass on this if you do not want to respond. It is a general question, not just about this, but the GAO. We ask you to do studies and to report on things and investigate things, my idea of how it works is that we ask you to go look at school construction and BIA or any other subject out there in government, and you make recommendations on certain things, from your findings. There may be a reason that an agency does something that you are unaware of that is perfectly legitimate. What is the reception that you get generally from the agencies that GAO reports on? I look at it as someone to help you, a fresh set of outside eyes to look at something. Or are you seen as they are here to bust our rear end? It makes a difference in how it works out.    Mr. Simpson. What about within the Department?    Mr. Simpson. That is good to hear. Thank you.