    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Ms. McCabe, thank you for being here, and I want to thank you in advance--well, thank you initially for the responsiveness you've had both to our State officials in Kentucky, but also to me personally and our office. We certainly appreciate the goals of this plan.    Before I get to the question I have, I have to set the record straight, or at least revisit history a little bit about cap and trade, because I was here in 2009 when we passed Waxman-Markey in the House. No, it didn't pass the Senate, it didn't get 60 votes. It had a majority of Senators for it, but when Waxman-Markey was introduced, those of us who were from States where a significant majority of our power was produced by coal couldn't support the initial plan because it was going to cost our consumers a lot of money. So, a group of us led by Rick Boucher, who's the incumbent that Mr. Griffith defeated, went to our leadership and said, ``We can't support this, and you need our votes in order to do it.'' And what we were able to do was change Waxman-Markey in a way that made it very, very reasonable for our States to comply, was not going to have an undue impact on our consumers. As a matter of fact, when I surveyed our businesses and our utility company, they said it would have minimal impact. It might raise rates 15 percent over 10 years if the users did nothing else, and it would also create tens of thousands of new jobs in Kentucky. So, the reason we did that was because we didn't want to be here today, because we didn't want EPA to have a plan that might unduly impact our States.    We had no way of guaranteeing that that wouldn't happen, and we knew that because of the Supreme Court decision and so forth, the obligation of EPA was to regulate carbon emissions. So, that's where we were. We're here today because Republicans stopped Waxman-Markey. That's why we're here. So, if they have a complaint about that, they can blame themselves.    Now to my question, and this relates to the line of questioning that Mr. McKinley raised earlier. Kentucky is one of those States, as he mentioned, that in the initial plan we were supposed to reduce our emissions by 18 percent. We felt comfortable with that. We thought that was doable. In the final plan, we're up--it wasn't 41. I think we're closer to 30, but still it's a significant increase. And I understand the rationale for doing that, the way the utilities deliver power is not commensurate with a State-specific target. But what I am concerned about is that with this increase, while the projections for long-term cost-savings seem attractive, there's the possibility of short term price increases to rate payers, and certainly, if I were not in the United States Congress, I would say I'm all for the plan. I'm for clean air, I'm a tree hugger, you know. I'm fine, but I do have responsibilities to my constituents to make sure that this doesn't unduly impact them.    So, my fear is that if in our regional network, whatever that region might be, in our mix, that the way that the ultimate resolution of this, or accomplishment of this goal is something that Kentucky's utilities bear the brunt of, and that our prices rise disproportionately to those other areas in our region that are affected by this mix. So, my question is, is there any analysis, or is there any consideration in your Agency about how we would, if we're going to spread the responsibility over regions, how we might spread the increased costs so that one State doesn't have their rates go up 30, 40, 50 percent, and another State doesn't have their rates go up at all?    Mr. Yarmuth. OK. Well, I appreciate that. I look forward to being a part of those conversations.    Mr. Yarmuth. And once again, I thank you for your consideration in our dealings together. And thank you for appearing today. I yield back.