    Ms. Kilmer. Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and all members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to testify today on how electric cooperatives manage the consequences of a power outage.    Regardless of the cause, getting power restored quickly and safely requires advance thinking and planning. My name is Bobbi Kilmer, and I am testifying today on behalf of Claverack Rural Electric Cooperative and the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association.    Claverack delivers electricity to member owners at over 18,000 locations in rural northeastern Pennsylvania. We have low consumer density, averaging less than six consumers per mile of line, and we serve primarily residential accounts. We are 1 of Pennsylvania's 13 electric cooperatives, and our electric distribution system is not directly connected to the bulk power system.    The National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, NRECA, is the service organization dedicated to representing the national interests of electric cooperatives and their consumers. NRECA represents more than 900 not-for-profit, consumer-owned rural electric utilities that provide electricity to over 42 million people in 47 States.    Electric co-ops are accountable to their consumer members. Those same members own and govern the co-op through a locally elected board of directors. Electric co-ops reflect the values of their membership and are uniquely focused on providing reliable energy at the lowest reasonable cost.    Responding to power outages is a major part of our business. Assessing the situation, knowing who to call, and determining how to proceed is imperative, and it requires coordinated efforts in the public and private sectors during major events. One of the seven principles of the cooperative business model is cooperation among cooperatives. This cooperation is integral to our emergency planning and response.    In Pennsylvania, as in many States, the electric cooperative statewide association plays an important role in emergency coordination. Electric co-ops have mutual assistance agreements between one another so that during a major event the process of securing additional crews and resources is simplified. There is also a national cooperative database which facilitates cross-state mutual assistance. As I noted in my written testimony, this network helped our statewide association secure crews from Florida to assist us in our restoration following Hurricane Sandy.    Also important are the relationships that we have with State and local government agencies. During major events our statewide association is in regular contact with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission and the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency. The statewide association communicates outage information as well as requests for assistance from other governmental divisions on our behalf. Locally, we are in touch with our county emergency management agencies. We advise them of outages in their counties and expected restoration times. This allows them to coordinate with other organizations like the Red Cross to set up services such as warming shelters.    We also have close relationships with our local police and fire departments, and along with other agencies and utilities we too participate in tabletop exercises which simulate emergency scenarios and strengthen our community networks.    Communication with our members is important, too. We always provide the option to speak with a live customer service representative. We use outgoing telephone messages, informational postings on our Web site and social media, and use radio and television broadcasts, which could be used, even in the event the Internet is down, to keep members and the public informed about outages.    We test our business continuity and disaster recovery plans annually, and we have plans in place so that we could operate from a remote location, if necessary.    Cybersecurity and awareness is a critical part of our operational preparedness. Though we are a small utility, we strive to follow industry best practices, such as the use of network scanning and intrusion detection programs in protecting our operational data, as well as our business and member information. We also participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Homeland Security's Task Force on Cybersecurity.    Our preparedness in the field is tested throughout the year during localized outages caused by weather events and other conditions. Lessons learned through experience, along with the coordination with our national, statewide, and local networks would form the basis of our response to a national or cyber event.    Again, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on our emergency preparations and recovery efforts.    Ms. Kilmer. I agree with my fellow panelists on the shared responsibility.    I would also like to emphasize to the subcommittee the importance of communications during crisis periods. My experience has been that sometimes it is not the length of the outage, but simply knowing how long it is going to be, or what the expectation is. It can help both residential consumers, as well as townships and towns, understand how they need to plan.    I would also like to add one thing that we have seen in our rural area, especially since Hurricane Sandy, and that is a focus on individual preparedness. I am seeing our local county emergency management agencies doing a great job in trying to educate the public on being prepared. We try to do the same thing. Of course, we are in a rural area, we are subject to many weather events. So I think that our consumers are relatively prepared. And again, I am not suggesting that we can rely on that, but I think that that is an element in all of this. Thank you.    Ms. Kilmer. In the event there was a cyberattack that took down the grid, we would be affected by that. If Penelec's transmission system was affected and power was disrupted to our substations, we would also be out of power.    Ms. Kilmer. Thank you very much.