    Ms. Lowrance. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, and the members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to speak with you today about postal-related issues facing the mailing industry.    The mailing industry provides over 7.5 million jobs and accounts for $1.4 trillion in economic activity. While the mailing industry is a vital part of the Nation's economy and surpasses in size both the airline industry and the oil and natural gas industry, it is one that faces significant challenges. Not only are there policies, issues that must be considered, but also economic issues that balance the infrastructural needs of the American economy and the public welfare.    Mail is and will remain a vital part of the American economy and the manner in which the Nation communicates and does business. Despite all that has transpired over the last several years, market-dominant mail still consists of over 154 billion pieces or 97 percent of the Postal Service's business.    The American mail system is a sender-paid service. As volume continues to decline, however, the Postal Service is pressed to find new ways to help lessen its financial burden. From our perspective, there are several fundamental matters that need immediate attention, including the need for predictable, affordable mail services; complete, accurate, and transparent costing of products and services; and reliable, consistent mail service.    At the end of this calendar year, the Postal Regulatory Commission, as directed by the PAEA, will be reviewing the current system of rate regulation. Although the Postal Service has expressed displeasure with the price cap, the CPI-based cap has operated substantially as intended to the benefit of all postal customers, Postal Service, and the general public.    For business customers, the cap provides customers with an assurance of postal rate stability and predictability, which is key to the decision as to whether to continue to invest in mail as a business communication and commercial vehicle. For the years it has been in effect, this inflation-based price cap has served as an effective restraint against abuse of the Postal Service's monopoly power. The Postal Service has been required to focus more closely on the elimination of postal waste and inefficiencies in a manner that would not have happened in the absence of the cap.    Unfortunately, there are obligations such as the prefunding mandate and the nonparticipation of postal retirees and Medicare that has made operating under such a cap a challenge. The need for costing transparency has never been so apparent as it is today. The mailing industry has consistently called for greater clarity and transparency in the reporting of postal costs. This lack of transparency has resulted in other Postal Service decisions that have imposed additional cost on mailers without creating corresponding efficiencies in the postal network.    The Postal Service, its customers, and the Postal Regulatory Commission would benefit greatly by an upgrading of postal costs and modeling systems. The Postal Service should move without dispatch to an informed visibility-based system. This would enable costs to be tracked in an automated fashion similar to how it tracks service performance throughout the Nation.    For business customers, the quality of mail delivery is a key component of the value of mail. Timeliness, consistency, and reliability are extremely important to these users and recipients of the mail. The Postal Service's inability to provide consistent and reliable service is causing many enterprises to look to other means as their preferred method for communicating and doing business.    Legislative reform is just one of the many tools that would need to be leveraged in order for the Postal Service to be, and remain, fiscally viable. At the very least, mailers urge Congress to address those issues that are solely within its power to do so. One, fix the mandated prefunding requirements; and two, allow for fuller postal employee participation in Medicare.    With the upcoming 10-year review of the current rate regulation system, mailers need an accurate accounting and understanding of the cost of the products and services they receive from the Postal Service. The Commission should not be required to judge the performance of the existing system on the basis of data that are inadequate for sound decision-making. It is imperative that the Postal Service be directed to use the many data-driven tools such as the intelligent mail barcode and informed visibility to supply the data the Commission so sorely needs to make the informed decisions about the current system of rate regulation and how to move forward in its review.    At the end of the day, the mailers need reliable, consistent mail service and affordable, predictable prices in order to continue to invest in mail for business communication and commerce.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and the members of the committee, this concludes my prepared statement. I can answer any questions.    Ms. Lowrance. That is the entire mailing industry, so it includes private sector, as well as the Postal Service.    Ms. Lowrance. So we've seen a great consolidation in our industry. We have seen some of the larger print houses kind of eat up all the little ones to get rid of access capacity. We've seen plant closures and layoffs and those sorts of things in order to kind of compensate for the decline in mail volume that's seen across the industry.    Ms. Lowrance. Well, I think that the Postal Service has shown an ability to cut costs in the extreme conditions that they've been functioning under. I mean, I'm not really at liberty to say that layoffs should happen or anything should happen to the common employee of the Postal Service. I think that there are great lengths of additional price signals and cost efficiencies that they could gain through working with the industry. I think the industry has done more and more in the form of work share to take work hours out of, you know, the postal facilities and continue to rely on the industry to do things that they do very well.    Ms. Lowrance. We need predictable and reliable mail service, so if you're going to say it's going to take 3 days, take 3 days to get there, right? We have planning purposes from business mailer perspectives that we do to interact with the Postal Service and have the most efficient manner possible.    We need predictable, stable Postal Service prices, right? If we see rate shock or extreme conditions to raise revenues in order to cover the existing cost, mail will leave faster and faster and faster and they'll find other means to communicate.    And then lastly, transparent costs. And I know both pricing and costing can be done currently at the regulator, and we're looking at the 10-year review to see if that--if the current pricing mechanism is the right fit under the conditions.    So, I mean, if Congress were to do anything, I would say releasing some of the liabilities on the balance sheet is really what would help mailers going into the rate review, as well as help the Postal Service alleviate some of the pressures on the cap and be able to really concentrate on service since that seems to be a large message that came across today.