    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Ambassador Nuland, for your testimony. I want to begin by also recognizing the tragic murder of Russian freedom fighter Boris Nemtsov who was brutally murdered in the streets of Moscow last weekend to of course urge our Government to do anything it can to ensure the perpetrators of this horrific crime are brought to justice. And I know many in this country are sending their thoughts and prayers to his family and to his friends and his colleagues. Unfortunately these so-called tragic events are quite common for those who dare to criticize Mr. Putin and his cronies, and I think it is important that we acknowledge the extraordinary efforts of this freedom fighter.    I thank you for your testimony, and I want to just focus on the corruption efforts that are underway. As you well know, Ukraine has historically had the distinction of being, or dubious distinction of being one of the most corrupt countries in the world, and I wonder if you would speak to how the new government in Kyiv is addressing this problem.    Are their reforms on pace? Are they going far enough? What are we doing to support those efforts? And are we seeing the tough decisions that need to be made and the kind of prosecutions and firings and the development of an independent judiciary to help advance the anti-corruption efforts that was a source of so much of what happened at the Maidan? And I just wondered if you would speak to some of those issues.    Ambassador Nuland. Thank you, Congressman. Corruption has been a country killer for Ukraine. It has also been an opening for malign influence from the outside in Ukraine's business. So not only because Ukraine's own citizens demand it, but because the democratic health of the country demands it, this has been a major source of focus of collaboration within the Ukrainian Government. As I said at the outset, they have just over the last 3 months passed an enormous amount of legislation, much of it designed to tackle corruption. Just to name a few things, a new anti-corruption strategy; a new public procurement system; the creation of an anti-corruption bureau and national agency for prevention of corruption; strengthened anti-money laundering regulations; disclosure of public officials' domestic and overseas assets for the first time; partial judicial reform including of the prosecutor general, more to come.    The U.S. is providing some $38 million in the assistance money that you have given us for that purpose. We have advisers and trainers in many of these entities. We are also supporting civil society for oversight and reform. Other new positive developments that go to the corruption and past dirty money practices, they are standing up a new patrol police. The police as you know have historically been subject to bribery. The new prosecutor general, Viktor Pshonka, has issued arrest warrants, new arrest warrants for some of the corrupt ex-officials.    There is a new business ombudsman appointed. They have slashed the corrupt energy subsidy. They have cut payroll taxes to reduce incentives for unreported wages; eliminated eight regulatory agencies and consolidated them into one; increased transparency of state-owned companies; made banking recapitalization more transparent. A lot of this is legislation on the books. We now have to see it implemented. We have to see oligarchs and everybody pay their taxes, be immune from special and sweetheart deals. We will watch like a hawk. The Ukrainian people will watch like a hawk. I think the parties will be judged by this in local elections in October. But Ukraine is on the path. They have to stick to it now.    Mr. Cicilline. Great, thank you. And just to turn to a new subject. Could you sort of speak a little bit about what role the Ukrainian reliance on Russian energy is playing in this conflict and what the U.S. and our allies are doing to help alleviate Ukrainian reliance on Russia? And are European allies able to separate themselves from their own energy needs as this sort of conflict continues?    Ambassador Nuland. Congressman, as you know energy has long been a noose that the Kremlin has had around the neck of subsequent generations of Ukrainian leaders. This government is bound and determined to break that. Our first effort was to help them get gas from parts of Europe other than Russia, so we worked with Hungary, Slovakia, and Poland last year to start reversing gas flows into Ukraine.    We have worked with the European Union as they have brokered the gas deal that Ukraine cut, which was a much fairer deal for the winter of 2014-15. We are now working with them as I said to open up, demonopolize the energy sector to help them get more of their own energy out of the ground, to work on energy efficiency. If you have ever been to Kyiv in the winter and had government windows open you know how badly that is needed. About a third of the heat is going out the windows. It shouldn't.    So we are working on all of those things to break the dependence, but also to help Ukraine get to that place where it can be an energy supplier for Europe.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you.    I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.