    Mr. Jones. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.    And, I want to--Madam Secretary, I took down some notes, what you had said in your prepared remarks, and also what you said today: We urge the Chinese, actions that concern us, we bring this to the Chinese's attention. I am one of the individuals in the Congress that for years have been speaking out publicly back in my district, the Third District of North Carolina, about the growing debt of our Nation because I believe sincerely that that is the biggest threat to our national security, is the growing debt.    Admiral, that is why we passed the bill--I did not vote for it, to be honest about it--the sequestration.    And then I see we continue to play a shell game with the budget and with the American people's money and find ways to continue to pump up the needs for our military.    I believe in honesty in budgeting. I don't believe in dishonesty, but, anyway, in budgeting. But I am for honesty in budgeting.    This is my question to you. I have long thought, maybe it is because I was raised in eastern North Carolina, that if you owe someone money and you can't pay them back, they just don't have the same respect for you. And I look at the fact that President Bush raised the debt ceiling 7 out of 8 years that he was the President. Mr. Obama has raised the debt ceiling 7 out of 6 years that he has been the President. And you know, when we raise the debt ceiling what we are saying to the world is we can't pay our bills; that we have to sell our financial instruments and somehow finance our debt. Okay.    The Chinese buy a lot of our debt. So I really would like to know, when our representatives of our government, whether it be military or non-military, are sitting there facing the Chinese, if it is a respect, because we continue to have to borrow money from the Chinese to pay our bills. And they see all of the news articles of how we are spending billions and billions in Afghanistan, that much of it, according to John Sopko, is wasted. And yet, we are taking the billions and billions that we are spending overseas that is wasted, taken away from rebuild--from building our military, which needs to be rebuilt.    And I get to a point that I just don't understand an administration--and I would say this if it was a Republican administration--how in the world can we continue to play this game of spending, spending, spending, and borrow, borrow, borrow, and then we think we have got equal placement to talk to the Chinese about we are concerned about this and we urge you to do that. Do they really listen to us?    Mr. Jones. Well, I also found it very interesting that you mentioned Trade Promotion Authority in your comments. There are many of us who believe sincerely that any President, Democrat or Republican, if you give them Trade Promotion Authority, then you are damaging our constitutional ability to maintain fairness in trade, so.    But thank you for your testimony.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Langevin.