    Mr. Buck. Good morning, Director Comey.    Mr. Buck. I wanted to ask you, do you remember Mr. Cohen's questions about renaming the FBI headquarters building earlier?    Mr. Buck. And I appreciate your response that we have to look at things through the lens of history. I wanted to ask you about a few other historical figures and see if there were any other FBI buildings named after some of these folks.    Former Democrat Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia was a member of the KKK. He was a recruiter for the KKK, and he held leadership positions with the KKK. The State Capitol in Charleston, West Virginia, is named after Senator Byrd. The United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Beckley, West Virginia, is named after Senator Byrd. The United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Charleston, West Virginia, is named after Senator Byrd. And the Federal Correctional Institution in Hazelton, West Virginia, is named after Senator Byrd.    My question is, do you know of any FBI buildings named after Senator Byrd?    Mr. Buck. Okay. Former Democrat President Woodrow Wilson resegregated the entire government, including the Armed Forces, held a showing of the movie ``Birth of a Nation'' at the White House, and went so far as to praise it in spite of calls by the NAACP to ban it. ``Birth of a Nation'' was subsequently used as a recruiting tool for the Ku Klux Klan. Likewise, there are a number of buildings around this country named after President Wilson. In fact, there is a bridge leading in and out of Washington, D.C., named after President Wilson.    Do you know of any buildings that the FBI occupies or predominantly owns that are named after President Wilson?    Mr. Buck. Former President Lyndon Baines Johnson was fond of using the ``N'' word, used it in the White House, used it while he was Senate majority leader, and used it in many other public settings. Many Federal buildings are named after him.    Are there any FBI buildings named after President Johnson.    Mr. Buck. And lastly, President Truman wrote to his soon-to-be wife the following words: ``I think one man is just as good as another so long as he is not a 'N' word or a Chinaman.'' Again, many buildings named after President Truman.    I'm just wondering, any FBI buildings named after President Truman?    Mr. Buck. And last after last, Democrat Senator Richard Russell was also a member of the Ku Klux Klan, and there is a Senate building named after Senator Russell. I assume there are, at least to your knowledge, no FBI buildings named after Senator Russell?    Mr. Buck. And my last statement I guess would be that perhaps Congress should clean up its own act in naming buildings before it asks the FBI to, without the lens of history, try to rename buildings.    I yield back my time.