    Mr. Thang. Mr. Chairman and distinguished members of the committee, thank you for holding this hearing at this very critical time about missed opportunities to advance freedoms for 93 million Vietnamese people.    As the previous speakers have said very well, the situation of religions in Vietnam remains very dire and deplorable. President Obama could have used his recent state visit to Vietnam to at least try to curb the backsliding in human rights in that country.    He could have insisted that Vietnam release a significant number of prisoners of conscience before announcing the lifting of the arms embargo. That didn't happen.    He could have challenged the leadership of Vietnam to answer the people's demand for transparency in the case of 80 tons of dead fish as a gesture showing commitment to the environmental protection which, by the way, is a requirement under the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, and he didn't speak out on that issue either.    President Obama could have demanded unhindered access to individuals he wanted to meet comparable to the level of access accorded to the Vietnamese President when he visited here in the States. Or President Obama could have called on authorities to honor the Convention Against Torture, which the National Assembly of Vietnam just ratified by, investigating and prosecuting known violators, and there are many of them.    President Obama didn't do any of the above, disappointingly. Of the hundreds of prisoners of conscience, only Father Nguyen Van Ly was released and only by 10 weeks in advance of the end of his term of imprisonment.    Hundreds of peaceful pro-environment protestors were arrested, detained and some were even beaten the weekend before and after the President's state visit to Vietnam. Civil society members invited to meet with the President were confined to their homes or even kidnapped.    On top of that, two American citizens were abducted and detained, and by the way, one of them is here in this room--Miss Dolly Khuu. She was one of the American citizens kidnapped and detained in Vietnam.    The President brought home to America a $11.3 billion deal for Boeing, which is great. However, nothing for human rights, and the backsliding has accelerated of late.    In just 1 week, 3 months ago--in just 1 week, four bloggers and three land rights activists were sentenced to a total of 33 years of imprisonment.    Many former prisoners of conscience who were only recently released from prison or house detention have been rearrested such as--and you know him very well, Mr. Chairman--lawyer Nguyen Van Dai, land rights activist Can Thi Theu and pro-democracy advocate Tran Anh Kim.    Many independent religious communities are facing increasingly brutal repression. Last August, a Hmong Christian was arrested the day after his meeting with members of the U.S. Commission on International Freedom (USCIRF).    He was brutally tortured for 2 days and had to be hospitalized because he had met with the U.S. delegation and in January of this year a Montagnard pastor died from injuries caused by torture by the police.    A fellow Montagnard pastor reported this death at a meeting with Ambassador David Saperstein last month. He himself was arrested and interrogated for 2 days.    His interrogators threatened him with disappearance and harm to his wife and children if he did not stop reporting violations and did not renounce his faith.    Mrs. Tran Thi Hong, the wife of imprisoned Lutheran Pastor Nguyen Cong Chinh and a human rights defender herself, was also arrested after her meeting with Ambassador Saperstein.    She was subjected to repeated beatings and torture. Her daily ``working'' session with the police was suspended just before the arrival of President Obama to Vietnam but resumed immediately after his departure.    I am glad to say that now it has stopped, thanks to the very strong intervention from Ambassador Saperstein himself. And let me show the picture of Mrs. Hong here.    This is Pastor Nguyen Cong Chinh. He himself was brutalized several years ago before his imprisonment and this is Mrs. Hong, after the torture session--she was dumped in front of her house.    She couldn't walk at all. She couldn't stand up. The neighbors passing by found her on the street and dragged her home. And this is her, Mrs. Hong, and the injuries to her knees and legs and feet and hands.    And this is another incident of torture and you can see bruises and red marks on her face, and this is how the Vietnamese Government treated people who have met with U.S. delegations.    And I believe it is an affront to our Government that President Obama didn't raise that issue, didn't condemn the Government of Vietnam to have done such things.    And in the light of all these disturbing trends, somehow our administration still hangs its hope on Vietnam's promise to pass its first law on religion.    Its latest draft would only cement the status quo and even make it worse by creating more bureaucratic layers of registration requirements and by completely eliminating the one section that was good in previous drafts.    That was the section on compliance with international standards. That section had been removed in the latest draft of that law.    Unless fundamentally and drastically modified, having no law at all would be a lesser evil.    In early 2007, the Vietnamese Government launched a brutal political clamp down against dissidents and religious leaders right after it had gotten all it wanted, namely accession to the WTO, the lifting of the CPC designation, permanent normal trade relation status with the U.S. and playing host to the APEC Summit.    The situation now is strikingly and disturbingly similar to then. Vietnam just got the U.S. arms embargo lifted, the TPP signed, and it will host again the APEC Summit next year.    It is therefore critical that Congress now acts so as to avert the repeat of the 2007 fiasco by demanding that Vietnam be redesignated a Country of Particular Concern and that violators of religious freedom be placed under a U.S. visa ban, by enacting legislation which--with stricter monitoring and reporting requirements and more effective sanctions against human rights abusers, by delaying the ratification of TPP to allow for sufficient time to test Vietnam's willingness and resolve to honor labor rights, environmental protection and freedom of religion, to end torture and to combat modern-day slavery, by making any future sale of lethal weapons contingent on Vietnam's release of all prisoners of conscience, by giving Vietnam's civil society--and this is very important--recognition and legitimacy through direct dialogue with its representatives of civil society networks such as Bloc 8406, Vietnamese Independent Civil Society Organizations Network, or VICSON, and Vietnam Multi-faith Roundtable, which was just recently formed, and finally, by coordinating intervention efforts with parliamentarians of other countries.    There are many of them in Europe as well as in ASEAN who would be very much interested in working and collaborating with U.S. Members of Congress.    With that, I thank you again, Mr. Chairman and Members of Congress.    Mr. Thang. Mr. Chairman, I am very knowledgeable about that case. In 2013, Deacon Hoang Van Ngai, a Hmong Christian, who--and whose family were relocated from the northern part of Vietnam, the mountainous part of Vietnam, all the way down to the central part of Vietnam in order to escape persecution in the north.    But he didn't fare any better. He and his brother were captured. Actually, they captured--the police captured their wives first and held them hostage. So Mr. Ngai and the brother had to report themselves to the police in order to set free their wives.    And during detention the police tortured him, forcing him to renounce his faith and he refused repeatedly and he got tortured repeatedly until he died. And then a few months later the entire family--actually, his extended family wrote a petition to the government requesting investigation into his death.    Then his cousin, Hoang Van Sang, living in the north, all the way in the north, got arrested by the police, taken into police custody for 10 days.    After 10 days of detention the police delivered his corpse to his family and told the family that if anyone there should speak out about his death, this is the fate that they would suffer.    And therefore about ten families of Mr. Ngai among his cousins and brothers had to escape to Thailand and our team in Thailand helped them.    Fortunately, a number of them have already been recognized as refugees. And one thing I can say is that in 2014 it was Boat People SOS in conjunction with Christian Solidarity Worldwide, CSW, we broke the news about his death and not Pastor Rmah Loan at all.    But that pointed to a very disturbing trend here. The perpetrators of torture have been treated with impunity in Vietnam while those who reported or believed to have reported torture and human rights abuses are being persecuted and threatened with incarceration, imprisonment, or even death.    So, clearly, Vietnam is not intent on implementing the Convention Against Torture and that kind of policy will only encourage more violence and more torture, and this really is pointing out that our Government hasn't made public condemnation against that kind of practice.    Mr. Thang. Mr. Chairman, clearly, it is systematic because that is the law. There is a system. It occurs everywhere, not just in one place--repeatedly, not just one time.    It is egregious. Torture is egregious. Forced renouncement of faith is egregious. Imprisonment is egregious. And it is ongoing. So if we just go by the books, clearly, Vietnam should be designated as CPC, no doubt about that.    I would like to point out one other thing about the U.N. Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief. Last year in September, we organized the first conference on freedom of religion or belief in Southeast Asia and we held it in Bangkok in late September. A number of Cao Dai religious leaders and dignitaries came to that conference to meet with the U.N. Special Rapporteur.    And when they returned to Vietnam they were placed under the visa travel ban, and that's what Ms. Duong just mentioned. So that is very outrageous.    There is an agreement between the Vietnamese Government and the U.N. Human Rights Council. That is, people who talk, who report, who speak to or who make reports to the U.N. Special Rapporteur should not be mistreated or punished.    Mr. Thang. Just about that, I would like to remind everyone here that what is happening with Pastor Rmah Loan's church is actually about a church that has been legally recognized by the Government of Vietnam.    His church is probably the largest Christian church in central highlands, and if there is a Department of State delegation or USCIRF delegation or Member of Congress visiting Vietnam, they most likely would be invited to go to that church to showcase how much freedom of religion there is in Vietnam.    And yet, behind closed doors, that is what is happening. A member of that church--a key member of that church--that is Deacon Hoang Van Ngai--was tortured to death because he refused to renounce his faith and then his pastor was prohibited from making any mention about his death, and then family members have been tracked down and threatened to the point they had to flee their home villages.    And now the pastor is in the U.S. fearing persecution or even imprisonment and death upon return to Vietnam. So that is how a state-sanctioned church is being treated, let alone unrecognized independent religious communities just like the Cao Dai group here that she's represented.