    Mr. Mierzwinski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Representative Kelly and members of the committee.    I am Ed Mierzwinski of the U.S. Public Interest Research Group.    In my oral remarks, I want to talk about some of the threats that consumers face from the large amount of their information that is floating around in cyber space and is often obtained by hackers and other people intent on doing evil.    I identify in my written testimony, three levels of breach. The first level is a simple card number breach. A card number breach results in what is called existing account fraud. It is a problem but consumers are generally well protected by law in the case of existing account fraud.    If, of course, your debit card is breached, you do have the additional problem of losing money from your bank account until the bank puts the money back in. That is why consumer advocates recommend the use of credit cards, if you can avoid credit card debt.    The second level of breach is a breach that also obtains email names, email addresses, telephone numbers, the sort of information that allows the bad guy to conduct what is called phishing expeditions to try to obtain additional information about you.    I should point out that after any big breach, it is not only the serious bad guy that got into your account that conducts phishing expeditions, it is anybody with an email list can then send mail out to people and say, hey, if you are a person who shopped at Target, we need your information.    They are not even the guy that has part of your information. They are just another bad guy hoping to capitalize on it. It is a serious problem.    The third level of breach is the one that results in the mother lode of information being collected that allows worse harm to directly be conducted against you. Phishing expeditions are designed to collect your Social Security number but the Anthem breach and now the Premera breach resulted in the breach of Social Security numbers which can be used to easily to commit financial identity theft which is a problem that has been around for 20 years.    The additional problem of tax refund identity theft has been around fewer years but is something worthy of the committee's further review and another hearing probably.    Third is medical identity theft where bad guys get medical attention in your name because they take advantage of your good medical insurance to get their own medical treatment.    The fourth kind of problem many consumers have faced over the years--I have talked to Secret Service agents about this--is a bad guy with the bad name wants to use your name to commit crime because you might not be in the system, you do not have two strikes against you already.    There are also emotional and other problems that people face from identity theft.    What can consumers do? Often companies recommend credit monitoring. In the Anthem and Premera breaches, I say take the credit monitoring. In an existing account breach, it does not help. It will not stop identity theft. It is a sop, something that will cause you to think you are better protected than you actually are.    We recommend any consumer who is not directly in the market for new credit to get a security freeze. My testimony goes into detail on how the security freeze is really the only way to protect your credit report.    We recommend to Congress, as committees of jurisdiction can consider legislation, do not preempt the States. The States are privacy leaders. Do not impose any sort of harm trigger in any breach legislation. Use an acquisition trigger.    If a company loses your information, it should not have the right to decide whether to tell you. It should have its own reputation at risk. Use a broad definition of personally identifiable information in any legislation that goes forward.    Most of the bills that I have seen are narrower than State laws. The Attorney General of Illinois has just proposed amendments to their State law, for example, that add geo-locational and marketing information to the definition of personal information.    Information is no longer just tracked in computers but tracked on your smart phone. Geo-location is very important.    As Mr. French talked about, we totally agree with the merchant's technology neutral performance standard. Chip and pin is the highest current standard. Why are the banks stopping at chip and signature? It is illogical.    Apple Pay and tokenization have some hope but Apple Pay has been breached in low tech ways, so a lot more needs to be done there.    My testimony concludes by going into some detail on the general ecosystem we have today that simply collects too much information and keeps it for too long. Consumers need privacy rights based on a robust of code fair information practices.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify.    Mr. Mierzwinski. The medical identity theft is a relatively newly identified problem. The World Privacy Forum has issued several reports on it. Essentially, instead of opening bank accounts in your name, somebody obtains medical services in your name. They may not be able to afford health insurance but they use your health insurance to get the services that they cannot afford.    It is a very significant problem. Again, for the first time, we understand that the Anthem breach did not include medical service information but the Premera breach may have. The Anthem breach, however, provided enough information to commit all the other kinds of identity theft and possibly to apply for health insurance in your name.