    Mr. Pollock. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, honorable colleagues, and distinguished fellow speakers, for this opportunity to meet with you today. I am truly honored by it, and I greatly appreciate both this very prestigious forum and the significance of the issue at hand.    But I believe if there is one thing that most Americans, Israelis, and Arabs would agree on today, it is that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict right now is not the most important or the most urgent conflict in the Middle East or for U.S. foreign policy.    And, for that reason, I would argue that now is precisely the wrong time to put the Israeli-Palestinian issue near the top of our foreign policy priorities. And, also, I would argue that certain current ideas about doing that, about putting this issue at the top of our priorities, carry a very real, albeit unwitting, risk of doing more harm than good.    I agree with the statement of the chairman and of the ranking member that multilateral diplomatic maneuvers, whether in Paris or at the United Nations, have one central and inescapable flaw. By definition, they encourage one or both parties to imagine that they can somehow avoid making compromises and, ultimately, peace with each other.    This is not merely a matter of avoiding direct Israeli-Palestinian bilateral negotiations. It is also a matter of avoiding responsibility for the indispensable compromises that would make real peace possible. And that is why, simply put, the Palestinian Authority has become so enamored of this shortcut, or escape hatch, over the past several years.    Doing multilateral initiatives in the absence of direct negotiations is not, as is sometimes said, better than nothing. It is, in fact, worse than nothing, because it actually helps prevent rather than promote peace.    Now, what I would like to do in the few minutes that I have left is to focus on what I believe would be some more constructive steps, to look forward rather than backward.    First and most urgently, I believe the United States should enhance its support for Israeli-Palestinian security cooperation. Despite all of the incitement coming from the Palestinian Authority, security cooperation with Israel continues, and this is the bedrock of any work to stabilize the situation and ultimately reconcile the parties. The United States supports this effort, and that support, I believe, should not only continue but intensify.    Second, as my colleague Dennis Ross has written recently and as I wrote at the Washington Institute as far back as 2008, I think the United States should revive a deal with Israel about limiting settlement activity, roughly along the lines of the Bush-Sharon letter and related understandings of 2005. Israel could announce that it will cease new construction beyond the security barrier, or just act in that fashion without a declaration, in return for a U.S. commitment to cease criticizing that settlement construction--that limited settlement construction.    Third, the U.S. should quietly encourage Israel and the Palestinians to agree on new practical forms of economic cooperation and of people-to-people interaction, including interfaith Jewish-Muslim dialogue. The more these people-to-people projects can be scaled up, the more they are likely to make a positive difference.    There is currently a bipartisan bill, H.R. 1489, to create an international fund for precisely that purpose. I respectfully urge you to give this bill your full support, in the firm conviction that it will pay multiple dividends in the coming years.    Fourth, the United States should actively explore new ideas for enlisting Arab backing for Israeli-Palestinian peace.    Fifth, and finally, the United States should publicly support and very vocally encourage others to endorse what we used to call mutual and balanced but, if necessary, unilateral steps toward peaceful coexistence.    Israel, for example, could stop the demolition of Palestinian buildings. The Palestinian Authority could stop referring to murderers as ``martyrs.'' The Palestinian Authority and Israel could endorse new programs of interfaith dialogue to advance tolerance, nonviolence, and peaceful coexistence, and so on. I would be happy during the question-and-answer period to expand on these and other specific, I hope constructive ideas.    With that, I offer my sincere thanks once again to the committee and to you, Mr. Chairman, for this opportunity to share my thoughts on this important topic. Thank you.    Mr. Pollock. Thank you very much for the question and the opportunity to reflect on it.    I believe that the Arab Peace Initiative is a significant step forward, although, as you and others have pointed out, it doesn't implement itself, and it needs to be negotiated, and it needs to be revised.    But I would point out that U.S. support for discussions about the Arab Peace Initiative could be an important new ingredient in this picture going forward.    Secretary Kerry achieved an important modification of the Arab Peace Initiative a few years ago when the Arab foreign ministers formally agreed that Israel's withdrawal from occupied territories could be, on the basis of new boundaries, negotiated between the parties that would allow for territorial exchanges--land swaps, as they are often called--rather than literally on the pre-1967 lines.    But that achievement, unfortunately, in the last couple of years, has been taken back, walked back by Arab governments and by the Arab League. It would be useful, I think, for the United States to go to them, to the Arab governments, and say: You agreed to this a few years ago. Can we assume that you still agree to it today? Can we proceed on that basis?    That would allow for negotiations that would advance this emerging consensus between Israel and key Arab governments that peace is in their common interest.    One last point about this. In late 2013, Arab foreign ministers were prepared to go even further, at the urging of Secretary Kerry, but they were stopped by objections from the Palestinian Authority. This is not in the public record, but it is a fact.    The Palestinian Authority objected, successfully and very sadly, in my view, to a willingness on the part of other Arab leaders to accept the formulation of recognition of Israel as a Jewish state or as a state for the Jewish people. And it would be useful today for the United States to encourage those Arab governments to reconsider and to encourage the Palestinian Authority, hard as it would be--and it would be very hard--to reconsider its objections to that formulation. That could be a new and, I think, very hopeful basis for renewed peace negotiations.    Thank you.    Mr. Pollock. Thank you, sir. That is a fair question.    The reality, as I understand it, actually is that, yes, that is current policy of the Israeli Government. Although they had stopped doing that for many years, they resumed it in the last couple of years in response to the new wave of stabbings and other killings.    But the truth is that the Israeli Government demolishes many, many other Palestinian buildings for various other reasons--just, for example, not having proper building permits, not allowing Palestinian construction in certain areas of the West Bank or of East Jerusalem and so on.    And I believe, applied that way, this is a counterproductive tactic.    Mr. Pollock. Yes, sir.    Mr. Pollock. Yes, thanks.    I think that this should not be viewed as an all-or-nothing proposition in the sense that we either have to cut off the PA completely or do nothing. I think that there----    Mr. Pollock. Okay.    Mr. Pollock. Well, yes, but the U.S. stipulations, as my fellow witness here, Mr. Carmon, has observed, have been evaded by the PA through this deceitful technique of funneling money to terrorists and their families under a different name, right?    So I think that the United States could and other countries should--although we can't control what they do in Europe or other places--should reduce the amount or condition the amount of assistance that they provide to the PA without threatening to or without actually cutting it off completely. Because there is a real danger, as someone else pointed out, of the PA collapsing, which would be bad for everyone--Palestinians, Israelis, Americans, and the region as a whole.    But I do think that a certain calibrated, limited amount of financial pressure applied, again, by the United States without any loopholes or escape hatches and, if possible, by European and other donors to the PA would be helpful in addressing this immediate issue. And I agree strongly with Mr. Wexler that this not the only issue on the table, but we do have to start somewhere.    I want to say one other last point in this regard. I think it is quite possible in the real world, unfortunately, that if we and/or European donors reduce--not cut off, but reduce--the amount of assistance to the PA by the amount, say, with which they subsidize terrorists and their families, if we do that, it is quite possible that other unfriendly governments or not-so-friendly governments would jump in to fill the gap--Arab governments, perhaps others.    And that may be--I hate to say it, to be so cynical about it, but that may be the only way in which any of those governments will fulfill their aid pledges to the Palestinians.    Mr. Pollock. Okay. Thank you for the question.    In my own view, blowing up the houses of families of terrorists, if that actually deters terrorism----    Mr. Pollock . I don't know the answer to that, honestly. But if--if--it does deter terrorism, then I think, tragically, it would be acceptable, even though, honestly, it is collective punishment. It leaves families who may not actually be responsible for the actions of their children or other relatives, it leaves them homeless.    It is something that is very debatable. And, as I said, the Israeli Government itself had long stopped using that practice and only resumed it in recent years, I would say, almost as a matter of desperation, because they were subject to this very deadly wave of stabbings and other forms of assault.    Mr. Pollock. I don't know for sure, but----    Mr. Pollock . I want to just say in connection with that--and allow me to be very frank. With all due respect to any group of generals or others who are well-intentioned and smart and patriotic, here or anywhere, it is the Government of Israel that has to make these decisions. And that government is, like it or not, a democratically elected government. And only a democratic election will change that government or its policies.    Mr. Pollock. Absolutely not. You are quite right, sir.    Mr. Pollock. But----    Mr. Pollock. Yes, sir.    Mr. Pollock. Of course.    Mr. Pollock. Yes, I do. But, as I said, I don't believe that this is an all-or-nothing----    Mr. Pollock . Proposition.    Mr. Pollock. Right.    Mr. Pollock. What I mean specifically is that a reduction--not a cutoff, a reduction----    Mr. Pollock . In U.S. and other funding for the     Mr. Pollock. No. I think that would be a mistake.    Mr. Pollock. Thank you for the question.    I actually think that I made that call, both in my written statement and in my remarks. I said specifically in my remarks--perhaps you weren't here in the room--that the PA should stop referring to murderers----    Mr. Pollock . As martyrs.    Mr. Pollock. I think you did miss it, sir, yes. And I accept your apology.    But what I would like to say in response is that, if you look at my written statement, you will see a long list of unilateral moves that Israel could take and that the Palestinians could and should take, including not referring to murderers as martyrs and recognizing Israel as a Jewish state.    Mr. Pollock. All right, thank you. Thank you for the question.    I would start by saying I hope so but I am skeptical. I think it would be in the interest of Arab governments to do exactly what you suggest, but I think that they don't see it that way. They see it, unfortunately, as risky, at least in the short term, and----    Mr. Pollock. Yes.    Mr. Pollock. Yes, internally risky. And probably they also see it as risky internationally, in the sense of they are not sure what they would get for pushing the Palestinians back to the table, either from Israel, from the United States, from the international community, and so on.    And so I think that, without getting our hopes up too high, it would be worth trying--as I suggested in my written statement and briefly in my testimony today, it would be worth it for the United States to try to explore with some of our Arab allies under what conditions and with what expectations and for what returns they would be willing to do exactly what you suggested, put pressure on the Palestinians to go back to the table.    There was some sense that I had that President Sisi of Egypt, for example, about a month or so ago was preparing to do that, and then he seemed to stop because his sense of possible changes in the Israeli Government did not materialize.    Today, as I said in my comments earlier, unfortunately, some Arab governments that were more flexible about this 2 or 3 years ago have walked that back. And you now have, for example, the Saudi Foreign Minister, Adel al-Jubeir, stating in Paris, where he shouldn't have been in the first place, for that ill-advised so-called peace conference, stating that the Arab Peace Initiative was unchangeable, that they would not negotiate any amendments to it or show any flexibility about it.    That, as I said, is walking back a previous position. But if you walk it back in the wrong direction, maybe, just maybe, the United States can encourage the Saudis or other Arab governments to walk back the walk-back in the right direction, which would mean offering Israel a peace initiative to negotiate, not to impose.    Mr. Pollock. Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Pollock. Yes, if I may, I know that we have used up a lot of time. I want to just end with this comment on my own behalf.    I would suggest trying to be constructive. If we can perhaps reach a consensus that the money that the PA uses to fund terrorists and terrorism should be deducted from the taxpayer support that the United States provides to them, perhaps at the same time it could be transferred to the kinds of activities that I suggested that would be constructive for both Israel and the PA, for Israelis and Palestinians to support--for example, an international fund that would enable people-to-people and interfaith dialogue and cooperative activities between Israelis and Palestinians on the ground. I think that kind of approach might have the virtue of not being purely punitive but also constructive.    Thank you.