    Dr. Frieden. Thank you very much, Chairman Murphy, Representative Castor, and members of the subcommittee.    At the outset, I want to make a few key points. First, we're literally still discovering new things every day about Zika. CDC has about 600 staff currently working on this response. We're activated at Level 1, the highest level of our emergency operations center. We have staff in Brazil, Colombia, Puerto Rico, and other parts of the world looking at and learning from a developing situation.    Zika is new, and new diseases can be scary particularly when they affect the most vulnerable among us. And it's also particularly scary because in Puerto Rico today cases are doubling every week. By April we're likely to see widespread transmission in Puerto Rico, and by June, mosquito season is likely to start in parts of the U.S. where the mosquito that can spread Zika is present. There's a limited window of opportunity to take action. When we look at chikungunya which affected Puerto Rico, started in 2014, within 2 months it was all over the island, within 8 months one out of four adults were infected. If that pattern is followed with Zika we could see hundreds of thousands of infections by the end of the year.    CDC is working 24/7 to respond to this, learning more about the link with microcephaly, Guillain-Barre AE1 Syndrome, improving diagnostics, looking at ways to optimize vector control with current tools. This is the latest in a series of unpredicted and unpredictable health threats. What is predictable is that there will be more health threats, and that's why it's so important that we continue to improve the ability of countries around the world to find, stop, and prevent health threats.    Now, first, what do we know about Zika? You've outlined, Mr. Chairman, other members some of the key facts here. It's been around since 1947. We didn't know it could cause outbreaks until 2007. It was thought to cause mostly mild disease. It spread primarily by the Aedes aegypti mosquito. This is the cockroach of mosquitoes. It lives indoors, it lives in the shade, it is hard to kill, and it's very effective at spreading diseases. That's why Dengue and Chikungunya and other diseases spread by it can spread so explosively.    What is really new and unprecedented is the link to microcephaly. It's been more than 50 years since a pathogen causing microcephaly or other severe birth defects was identified that would do so on such a broad level. And as far as we know, never before has there been a mosquito-borne cause of a severe fetal malformation.    The link to Guillain-Barre AE1 Syndrome looks increasingly certain. Studies published this week, if replicated would basically prove that link, and it wouldn't be surprising. We've seen Guillain-Barre AE1 Syndrome after a wide variety of infections. But microcephaly, the complication of microcephaly is truly unanticipated, potentially catastrophic, and permanent, the very definition of the need for an emergency supplemental response.    Fundamentally, there are four different patterns of spread. First, among travelers, some of them pregnant. And we have 40 million people going to and from Zika-affected areas each year. Second, sexual partners. This is why we issued guidance to reduce the risk of sexual transmission. Third, possible cases and clusters in parts of the U.S. that have the mosquito vectors present. That's why we need to scale up our support for those entities. Fourth, areas likely to have widespread transmission around the world, and especially in parts of the U.S., including Puerto Rico, that have had large outbreaks of Dengue.    The supplemental is critically important for CDC to respond as part of a whole of government response. The request of CDC is for $828 million in three categories: urgent support for Puerto Rico, a response in the Continental U.S., and international support, as well.    There are many very concerning diseases out there whether it's Ebola, SARS, MURS, or the next HIV. We can't let down our guard. Supplemental funding is essential for us to do several things, including reducing the risk to pregnant women by finding out more and doing more especially in Puerto Rico and other areas where it may spread widely, by finding where mosquitoes are spreading in the U.S., and better controlling them, by establishing a registry for birth defects and improving the monitoring of pregnant women, by supporting states and territories directly to improve prevention and management of cases, diagnosis of patients, increased laboratory capacity, and implement key interventions. This is a critically important and urgent need, and I look forward to answering your questions. And thank you for the invitation to appear before you today.    Dr. Frieden. Just to clarify, the IGM that was FBUA approved by FDA in wonderful excellent time with good collaboration, that test we believe is accurate, particularly in people less likely to have been exposed to dengue. There is a second test that we do which is a neutralization assay, a PRNT on the IGM positive, so we would in some cases, depending on the combination of the IGM and the PRNT be able to say we believe it is definitively Zika. In other cases we can say only that it's a flavivirus that may or may not----    Dr. Frieden. So we are concerned about the capacity in terms of the number of tests. Our laboratories have been working around the clock for the PCR. We've produced more than 370,000 of them. We think that's ample for the MAC-ELISA. We're up around 100,000 level. It could be that in some places, in some areas individuals who want to be tested will not be able to be tested until we further scale up production and roll out validation of the state labs.    Dr. Frieden. There are many things that we will not be able to do or do at scale without the emergency supplemental.    Dr. Frieden. Thank you very much. In Puerto Rico we have basically the 1-2 punch of Zika and similar viruses. We have the mosquito that can spread the virus, and we have a human environment without screens and air conditioning widely available that lead to explosive spread of viruses spread by this mosquito. So as I mentioned earlier, we have chikungunya which spreads by the same mosquito. One out of four adults became infected with it within 8 months of the introduction of that virus to the island.    In terms of the diagnostic tests, the tests are the same but they perform differently in different places depending on what the individuals there have been exposed to. So first off, as Dr. Fauci mentioned, the test for active infection, that's straightforward and accurate, so if someone is sick, they have fever, then between the onset of symptoms or maybe a day or two before until about four to seven days after symptom onset, that test will be positive and it's definitive. But past that period it's much more challenging to determine whether someone was previously infected with Zika. That requires looking at antibodies, and the EUA that the FDA approved on Friday allows us to do that in a way that looks at the IGM or short-term antibody response which may become positive within the first week, and stay positive for some as yet undetermined period of time, it could be months. And then to confirm that with a test that actually grows the virus and sees if it is inhibited by the patient's own serum, the neutralization assay. So it's an algorithm-based testing. CDC has a dengue branch in Puerto Rico. We currently have all 50 of our people from that branch plus another 25 from the rest of CDC on the island now working hard on every aspect of the response.    Dr. Frieden. Well, I think it's fair to say that mosquito control, the capacity is very limited. In addition, the challenges of controlling this mosquito are very great so even though there have been efforts to reduce spread of dengue and chikungunya, they have had very little, if any, impact on the actual disease spread.    Dr. Frieden. That is crucially important for us to be able to mount a robust response, and the sooner the better.    Dr. Frieden. Yes, we've seen clusters of dengue and chikungunya in Florida or Texas, and because of the presence of the vector we anticipate that these could be areas where we might see clusters of local transmission.    Dr. Frieden. We have several different funding streams available that includes the Public Health Emergency Preparedness dollars. Those I believe but would have to confirm, we have indicated to states that they can use for the Zika response.    Dr. Frieden. That's the PHEP, the Public Health Emergency Preparedness grants. For the Ebola dollars, I would have to get back to you.    Dr. Frieden. Yes.    Dr. Frieden. There's not really a reluctance. It's a question of what's appropriate to the circumstances. We're not saying that nobody should go; we're saying that women who are pregnant should consider not going. And similarly in other situations.    Dr. Frieden. What we feel is we need to give people information and allow them to make the choices. We've heard of situations where someone is going back for a funeral or a very important personal event, and so we say you shouldn't go, but we also say we understand there are some circumstances in which women will go. And in those circumstances we provide the information on how they can best protect themselves with mosquito repellant and other means.    Dr. Frieden. Ebola is not over. As of today, 84 CDC top staff are in West Africa responding to the Ebola outbreak. Last month labs in West Africa tested approximately 10,000 samples for Ebola. It was only in January that we had the most recent Ebola case in Sierra Leone, so we're still actively responding and tracking. And as you noted in your remarks, the Ebola supplemental funds also directed CDC to work over a 5-year period to strengthen the systems around the world that could find, stop, and prevent other health threats such as Zika before they spread widely so that we can learn more rapidly about them and protect Americans more effectively.    Dr. Frieden. Well, first off we're already drastically scaling back the work we're doing on other diseases, such as dengue and tick-borne disease because we're devoting those staff to the Zika response, even the area of birth defects which usually considered to be an area that would respond to an emergency. We've been pulling staff to work on this who would otherwise be working on a series of other challenges in that field.    And without the supplemental we won't be able to most effectively reduce the threat against pregnant women by learning more and doing more to protect them. We won't be able to rapidly improve our awareness of where the mosquito populations are in the U.S., and to control them before mosquito season. We won't be able to establish a robust birth defects registry to further understand this, or initiate and follow-up on critical studies to understand key unknowns, such as for babies born to mothers with infection who don't have microcephaly, do they have other severe problems? That's going to be a many month and many year undertaking that has to be started now or we'll lose the opportunity to do it most effectively. And we won't be able to support states and territories in their ability to rapidly increase their effectiveness here to the extent that we would like to.    Dr. Frieden. We have a number of vector control experts who have consulted with the company and others, listened to them as well as provided our input. I think one of the challenges is the issue of scalability. These particular mosquitoes don't fly very far, so you may have to release millions upon millions of them every short distance in order to get the knockdown.    The other thing that's very important to understand is, this mosquito is so tricky that even when we've seen very large knockdowns in mosquito populations, we haven't necessarily seen commensurate reductions in human infections, so it'll be important to look at both of those factors.    Dr. Frieden. Thank you very much. Our primary concern or most urgent concern is places like Puerto Rico which are likely to see widespread transmission. In addition, we're advising pregnant women and their sexual partners to use condoms if the sexual partner has come from an area where there has been Zika transmission.    Furthermore, there are parts of the U.S. that have a secondary vector, the albopictus mosquito, the tiger mosquito is much more widely distributed, but it appears to be much less effective at spreading Zika. So unlike aegypti, which bites multiple people, bites only humans, lives indoors, albopictus is less of a threat. It appears that it can spread Zika, and dengue, and other viruses but much less efficiently than the other virus. So our goal with the supplemental funding would be to provide resources for states and local communities to both reduce the risk of mosquito-borne transmission where that is at higher risk, and also to respond to cases so that people who come back with Zika minimize their chances of being bitten by a mosquito, and thereby initiating a chain of transmission.    Dr. Frieden. I'll let Dr. Fauci continue, but I would say the primary issue we see at this point is to pregnant women regardless of HIV status with the risk of birth defects.    Dr. Frieden. Well, on the one hand we know that Zika and other diseases do spread largely because of human migration. But, in fact, there are 40 million Americans or 40 million people from the U.S. who travel to Zika-affected areas each year and then travel back, and so the number on the border crossing will be a very minute proportion of that.    What we have seen is in some communities that are essentially across the border, for example, Brownsville and Matamoros in Texas, when dengue spread it spread in both parts, but it spread eight times more in Matamoros because it was more crowded and had less access to air conditioning.    Dr. Frieden. One of the areas that we would like to enhance and for which we need supplemental funding is to better understand the capacity of mosquito control districts, and to support improvement of that capacity, and better linkage of the mosquito control districts with the health departments and environmental departments, whatever is most effective within that state or county. They often bridge multiple counties and they may not always be well integrated, but in effective vector control programs for vector-borne disease you may need an integration of the public health staff and the mosquito control staff to identify the places or even the houses to target. And that's really important, and one of the areas that we want to urgently improve.    Dr. Frieden. Yes.    Dr. Frieden. Both insecticide and what's called larvicide that kills the developing mosquito.    Dr. Frieden. No. I mean, we really want to support state and local entities with technical guidance. We also recognize that reduction in breeding sites, cleanups is important, it's high profile, but it's very difficult, as you pointed out with mosquitoes that can breed in the amount of water of a bottle cap. It can be extremely difficult to be effective, so it is a component of integrated vector control strategies. We do think that is a state and local responsibility, but we have, I believe, a responsibility to provide technical guidance, best practices, and catalytic funding to try to improve that, especially when something as unanticipated and potentially devastating as Zika is upon us.    Dr. Frieden. We would have some support for local vector control, mostly along the lines of rapidly surging in if there's an area that's not able to do it, and for a particular cluster by establishing rapid response teams, sharing best practices, identifying resources that can be shared among jurisdictions.    At CDC more than 60 percent of our funding or thereabouts goes out to state and local entities. We exist to support the front lines at the state and local government, but what we do at CDC is to develop the tools, the science, the things like the test kits for Zika that we then distribute to and support local entities to use.    Dr. Frieden. There are many people who would tell you yes. My own belief is probably not, because there are so many possibilities. Just to give you a sense, I just returned from a trip to Africa looking at some of our programs there. I've recently spoken with our teams in India. They've identified two tick-borne viral hemorrhagic fevers, this is Congo Crimean Hemorrhagic Fever and Kyasanur Forest Disease that are much more widely distributed than anyone knew before. So whether we're going to have now a tick that could bite you and you could have a bleeding disease that kills you, I don't know if that's going to come next. But no one, I think, would have predicted that H1N1 would have come from Mexico, or MURS from the Middle East, or Ebola widely distributed in West Africa, or Zika causing birth defects.    Dr. Frieden. We use the framework of prevention, detection, response. Those are three core areas of what we need to do both in this country and around the world. Prevention may be things like better vaccines or reduced risk of spread of Ebola and other diseases in hospitals. Detection is about laboratory networks, as well as disease detectives or epidemiologists, and tracking systems so we know how common certain conditions are and can quickly detect an increase, whether it's in microcephaly or other conditions. And response, the ability to have rapid response teams that can be on the ground within hours or days and have the tools needed to assess the situation and mitigate to the greatest extent science allows.    Dr. Frieden. There are many aspects of the response which are critically important to be coordinated. For example, we provide diagnostic tests, we work with health care providers, we inform of the latest scientific evidence about it. And with the supplemental request we would be able to be much more robust and involving many parts of state government around the U.S., and within states strengthening the hands of state and local health departments in their ability to provide services, education, information, and interventions to address the spread of Zika, and to reduce the risk.    Dr. Frieden. The more quickly we can understand Zika from our work in Latin America and the Caribbean the better for those countries and the better for Americans. This is where it's spreading now, this is where the evidence is. That's why we have teams on the ground in Brazil and Colombia, and we're working side by side in partnership with those countries and others. We disseminated our diagnostic test to countries around the world, and we learn together so we're safer together.    Dr. Frieden. That's why we've worked very closely with the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. We've provided detailed guidance in conjunction with ACOG. They've sent that out to their members as well, and we provided information so that as soon as we know more information we provide that to clinicians, as well as women.    Dr. Frieden. We leave that up to the pregnant woman and her----    Dr. Frieden . Clinician, but we do find that there's a great desire on the part of pregnant women to be tested. And it's not that there's nothing that can be done. For example, we would want to insure that that infant were delivered in a facility that has advanced care capacity to provide the intensive support that it might need. Dr. Fauci?    Dr. Frieden. There are several proteins in Zika that are specific to Zika. However, they're not that dissimilar from similar proteins with dengue and Yellow Fever, so there can be cross-reactivity. But we can give as of today a definitive diagnostic result to a person with prior infection in some circumstances. In other circumstances where there's more cross-reactivity in the serum it's more difficult.    Dr. Frieden. Right.    Dr. Frieden. Well, we've been optimizing the stockpile for some time. We're able to deliver----    Dr. Frieden. We're able to now deliver products to more places more quickly. We're also looking at how to get as much protection for our dollar as possible in terms of the mix of products in the stockpile. And we're also looking at the different threats that we may face to make sure that we have a balanced portfolio to be able to address those that might be the greatest risk to Americans.    Dr. Frieden. There are a variety of other mosquito control approaches that are being considered. One is simply to optimize our currently available products. And we think there's considerable progress that we could make by doing that, different ways of applying different combinations of products, different ways of assessing mosquito populations after the application of these products. That's very important and needs to be done.    In addition, there are new tools that are exciting. One of them is the genetically modified mosquitoes that you mentioned. Another is Wolbachia, a bacteria that infects mosquitoes and then can reduce their life expectancy and their ability to spread disease. This has been done on a pilot basis. But, again, the question about all of them are are they scalable, will they reduce human disease, are they practically implemented? And NIH is doing work in this area, as well.    Dr. Frieden. We're working around the clock to do that.    Dr. Frieden. Excuse me. We've already produced 375,000 of the realtime PCR. We've got roughly 15 to 20 states already approved for use of that. Now with the IGM EUA just last Friday, we expect to have another 15 or 20 states approved for that. That's where most of the returning travelers live and we'll continue to produce them. We've been able to accelerate our production capacity at CDC so that we can increase the proportion of the need that's met, but we recognize that there may be a period of weeks or a month or two where people who want the test can't get it. We're in active discussions as is BARDA and other parts to encourage the private sector to do more in this area. But right now, the CDC developed a test which scientists at CDC spent years working on, is the best thing out there in terms of what's available. And we're working around the clock to make it more widely available.    Dr. Frieden. Thank you. As you noted, about half of the pregnancies in the U.S., and about two-thirds of pregnancies in Puerto Rico are unintended. We do not issue advice to women on whether or not to get pregnant. We don't think that's our role. We do provide information so that women, their families, and their providers can make a decision about whether to use effective contraception. We provide guidelines for which methods of contraception are most effective, and how those might be used. This is basically the approach that we're taking, is providing information.    Dr. Frieden. We've looked at all of these issues and compared experiences across jurisdictions. We have a public health law project which provides information and advice to jurisdictions on models and what's possible in different places. I do think that there are ways to optimize current mosquito control practices, and that's one of the things that we need to rapidly accelerate, and for which the supplemental request would be used.    Dr. Frieden. The CDC wouldn't go in with backpacks, but this a thing that we're looking at quite actively. It depends on mosquito resistance. We're currently doing studies in Puerto Rico to see which products the mosquitos are resistant to, and we found that for some there's 100 percent resistance, for others they're largely susceptible. And it'll depend on what those results are for whether that could be done in exactly what you mentioned, showing people here's where you need to spray. Here are the products that work, is one approach that we're considering.