    Dr. Curry. I would like to thank the Committee for the opportunity to present testimony this morning.    I am concerned that both the climate change problem and its solution have been vastly oversimplified. The central issue in the scientific debate on climate change is the extent to which the recent and future warming is caused by human-caused greenhouse gas emission versus natural climate variability associated with variations from the sun, volcanic eruptions, and large-scale ocean circulations.    Recent data and research supports the importance of natural climate variability and calls into question the conclusion that humans are the dominant cause of recent climate change. This includes the substantial slow-down in global warming since 1998, reduced estimates of the sensitivity of climate to carbon dioxide, and climate models that are predicting much more warming than has been observed so far in the 21st century.    While there are substantial uncertainties in our understanding of climate change, it is clear that humans are influencing climate in the direction of warming. However, this simple truth is essentially meaningless in itself in terms of alarm and does not mandate a particular policy response.    We have made some questionable choices in defining the problem of climate change and its solution. First, the definition of dangerous climate change is ambiguous, and hypothesized catastrophic tipping points are regarded as very or extremely unlikely in the 21st century. Efforts to link dangerous impacts of extreme weather events to human-caused warming are unsupported by evidence. Climate change is a wicked problem and ill-suited to a command-and-control solution. And finally, it has been estimated that the U.S. national commitments to the U.N. to reduce emission by 28 percent will prevent three hundredths of a degree Centigrade in warming by 2100. The inadequacies of current policies based on emissions reductions are leaving the real societal consequences of climate change and extreme weather events largely unaddressed, whether caused by humans or natural variability.    The wickedness of the climate change problem provides much scope for disagreement amongst reasonable and intelligent people. Effectively responding to the possible threats from a warmer climate is made very difficult by the deep uncertainties surrounding the risk both from the problem and the proposed solutions.    The articulation of a preferred policy option in the early 1990s by the United Nations has marginalized research on broader issues surrounding climate variability and change and has stifled the development of a broader range of policy options. We need to push the reset button in our deliberations about how we should respond to climate change.    As an example of alternative options, pragmatic solutions have been proposed based on efforts to accelerate energy innovation, build resilience to extreme weather, and pursue no-regrets pollution-reduction measures. Each of these measures has justifications independent of their benefits for climate mitigation and adaptation.    Robust policy options that can be justified by associated policy reasons, whether or not human-caused climate change is dangerous, avoids the hubris of pretending to know what will happen with the 21st century climate.    This concludes my testimony.    Dr. Curry. Well, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, who I regard as a little bit on the alarmist side frankly, even they acknowledge in their Special Report on Extreme Events--Weather Events and Climate Change published in 2012 that there was essentially no connection observed in the historical record between human-caused climate change and extreme weather events. They found a few regional examples where there was a trend like heat waves in Australia and things like that but really no----    Dr. Curry. They didn't find anything. And why this continues to be touted by the Administration is pure politics. I mean people respond a lot more to extreme weather events than they do to like a 2 degree temperature change or something.    Dr. Curry. Well, the 2 degree target was a carefully negotiated number, okay, that doesn't have much basis, you know, in science. The one scientific concern that was put forward was that this would be the amount of warming that would cause some of these tipping points like a shutdown in the Atlantic circulation or collapse of the major ice sheets. But again, the IPCC, in its recent assessment report, found these to be extremely unlikely in the timescale of the 21st century. So there's really not much to that number other than a politically negotiated----    Dr. Curry. --danger sign.    Dr. Curry. Okay. There have been a number of--there's about a half a dozen different groups doing these analyses and all but one of them found that 2014 was right at the top. But if you look at the uncertainty in these measurements, even knowing that, most of them found that 2014 was in a statistical tie with two other years, 2005 and 2010, and the U.K. group, with a far more realistic assessment of the uncertainty, found that 2014 was tied with nine other years statistically. You really couldn't distinguish them statistically. That, however, is not the way all this was communicated to the public. It was touted as warmest year.    Dr. Curry. Okay. In terms of the climate models, the key issues--I mean if you compare the climate models with the observed temperature over the past decade, you see that the climate models are running way too hot. Since 1998 surface--global surface temperature has increased a tiny bit and it's not statistically significant given the uncertainties, whereas climate models were predicting 2/10 of a degree per decade in the early years of the 20th century. So you're seeing this growing divergence between the climate models and the observations.    The key uncertainties are how the models treat aerosols in the atmosphere like little tiny particles. That's a major uncertainty. They don't get the ocean circulations in--particularly in terms of the timing, the magnitude, and the pattern of these major oscillations. They don't include a lot of the indirect effects from solar variations and they don't correctly simulate the effects of clouds, which have a very big impact on the climate. So there's a large number of uncertainties in these climate models and things that we know we don't have right.    Dr. Curry. Well, yes, water vapor.    Dr. Curry. The biggest uncertainty and the biggest impact is from the actual condensed clouds themselves.    Dr. Curry. Yes. The temperature--the atmospheric temperatures from satellite also diverge even more from the climate models.    Dr. Curry. Yes, that's correct.    Dr. Curry. Well, there have been some rather extreme statements coming from the White House that don't seem to be justified by even the--you know, the basic evidence and the assessment reports from the IPCC and so on.    Dr. Curry. Um-hum.    Dr. Curry. We have gotten caught in this really toxic mess where these politics have become scientized and the science has become politicized, and I'm not exactly sure how to break out of this. But again, it's the job of the scientists to continually evaluate evidence and reassess conclusions.    Dr. Curry. I will defer to the other witnesses on that. That's something that I don't have much expertise on.    Dr. Curry. Well, this is why I argued that for a very wicked, complex problem, some sort of, you know, explicit targets and command and control really isn't a very good policy choice. And this is why I suggest that we need a broader range of policy options on the table that leave us less vulnerability--less vulnerable to really getting it wrong.    Dr. Curry. Yes. There are two possibilities. One, that we could spend all this money and really nothing happens with the climate and we have sunk--you know, it's an opportunity lost. On the flipside, if the climate really is going to turn out worse than we think, what will be left is inadequate solutions, damaged economies, and technologies that aren't up to scratch. So, you know, we risk of both of these things by, you know, focusing on these technologies that are really inadequate to the problem. We need to invest in better energy technologies that are really up to the challenge. Wind and solar aren't going to do it.    Dr. Curry. Okay.    Dr. Curry. Okay. The confusion is this: Scientifically, the term climate change means a changing climate and it has changed for, you know, the past 4 billion years or so. Okay. This whole issue of human-caused climate change is a relatively recent notion. So climate is always changing and it's going to change in the future. The issue is how much of the change is caused by humans. We don't know. We don't know what the 21st century holds. The climate change may be really unpleasant and that may happen independently of anything that humans do.    My point is is that we don't know how much humans are influencing climate and whether it's going to dominate in the 21st century. Given that we don't know this, we're still going to see extreme weather events whether or not humans are influencing the climate. This is what I'm talking about, that we really don't know how the 21st century is going to--climate is going to play out, and we should figure out how to reduce our vulnerability to whatever might happen, and that includes extreme weather events are going to happen regardless of whether humans are influencing climate change. So maybe that clarifies my testimony.    Dr. Curry. Yes.    Dr. Curry. Yes.    Dr. Curry. Okay.    Dr. Curry. Okay.    Dr. Curry. Okay. The climate has been warming since the 1700s, okay, since we came out of the Little Ice Age. We don't know what is causing that warming in the 18th century, in the 19th century. It's not attributed to humans so there are other things going on in the climate system that has been contributing to a warming over several centuries. We can't blame all of this on humans, okay, and we don't know how all of this is going to play out in the 21st century. We just don't know.    Dr. Curry. There's nothing in my testimony that said we do nothing. I'm saying that what is being proposed is ineffective. It's not going to do anything. Even if the United States is successful at meeting 80 percent reductions by 2050, this is going to reduce warming by about 1/10 of a degree centigrade. It's not going to do anything. So should--I'm saying we need to acknowledge that and rethink how we are going to deal with the risk from future climate change, whether it is caused by human or natural processes. That's what I'm saying.    Dr. Curry. Well, climate--extreme weather events and weather patterns is really, you know, just dominated by random chaotic variations in the atmosphere and ocean circulations. There are some regimes that get established that allow you some predictability. In the large ocean circulations like the Pacific decadal oscillation and the Atlantic multi-decadal oscillation have a big decadal controls on the weather patterns, and a lot of the extreme weather that we're seeing now has analogues back in the 1950s when the patterns were sort of similar. So trying to blame this on human is really rather pointless. It happens to be weather variability.    The strange weather that we have seen in the United States this past winter with warmth and dry in the West and a lot of snow and cold in the East has been associated with a blocking pattern triggered by a warm blob in the Pacific that has been there, you know, for almost a year now. And scientists don't know how to explain the appearance of that warm blob but it's something related to natural variability, not human causes. So----    Dr. Curry. I will just make a comment about wind energy and solar energy, the great intermittence and the challenges of integrating wind and solar power into the grid. My company provides weather forecasts, and one of the things we do is predict wind power, and it's enormously variable. Ramps are very unpredictable and you basically have to have a backup power supply ready. And so you have to make--you know, the day before you have to make a commitment as to whether you're going to fire up the coal burner, the gas burner, whatever backup power source, and you just don't know. There's a great deal of uncertainty. And so it's very difficult to integrate into the grid and it's not clear because of the backup power sources and the extra power required to ramp up these burners, you know, whether you're actually saving any CO<INF>2</INF> emissions in this process. So we really need substantially better technologies that this is going to meaningfully reduce the CO<INF>2</INF> emissions.    Dr. Curry. Well, I have definitely encountered that, and whenever I despair over what is going on in the climate field, I look at the recent collapse of the consensus on cholesterol and heart disease, okay, and, you know, even though it's, you know, strongly enforced by funding and reputation and authority and groupthink, that these things, if they are not correct, will eventually collapse.    Skepticism is one of the four norms of science. It's absolutely essential for scientific progress. It's our job to question the evidence and reassess conclusions. And that's what we are supposed to do. However, in the climate field there is this manufactured consensus that we are all supposed to step in line and follow, and it's rather bizarre given this very complex and poorly understood climate system. We need lots more debate. We need to explore natural climate variability in particular if we are ever going to understand all this. And it's--disagreement and debate is really what moves the knowledge frontier forward, and this is being stifled and it is of great concern to me.    Dr. Curry. Well, drought is nothing new in the American West. We have seen droughts in the American West. In the 20th century there was a drought of comparable magnitude in California in the 1890s and then the mega-droughts, you know, 13th, 14th centuries. Again, these were caused by natural variability, some combination of something going on in the sun, the ocean circulation, whatever. The exact mechanisms contributing to those previous droughts are unknown but we can't guarantee that it was not human-caused drought in the 13th century. So natural climate variability can bring some unpleasant surprises. And in terms of extreme weather events, I would say that natural climate variability is far and away the dominant factor of what we have seen in terms of recent extreme weather.    Dr. Curry. No, I guess I would call that, you know, climate event but it is, yes, where you draw the line between weather and climate. Drought really goes into the climate territory.