    Mr. Arya. Chairman Smith, Chairman Ros-Lehtinen, and honorable members of the subcommittees, it is really an honor to appear before you today to discuss the human rights situation in Iran under the Islamic regime. It is an important issue that has unfortunately been overlooked by the international community in light of the current negotiations between Iran and P5+1 since the election of Hassan Rouhani as President of Iran in 2013.    Since that time, the Iranian regime, its supporters and lobbyists have tried vigorously to convince the international community in general and the U.S. administration in particular that something has fundamentally changed for the better in Iran, that the Iran Islamic Republic can be trusted to act according to Iran's national interests and not its ideological ones. Unfortunately however the regime's actions speak louder than its words.    Iran, after China, currently has the highest number of executions in the world, and since Rouhani's election there has not been a reduction in that statistic. To the contrary, there has been a significant increase. In 2014 alone, eight individuals believed to be under 18 years of age at the time of their alleged crimes were reportedly executed. Human rights activists in Iran put the total number of executions for 2013 and 2014 at 1,181 people.    The execution of juveniles is not the only crime committed by the Islamic Republic. The Islamic regime systematically tries to brainwash children. On this important issue I would like to draw your attention to the research done by the Institute for Monitoring Peace and Cultural Tolerance in School Education, IMPACT-se. The Islamic Republic systematically indoctrinates children and prepares them for war and encourage the hostile attitude toward non-Muslims with children instructed not to take unbelievers, Jews and Christians as friends.    Again, against this background is it any surprise that almost all religious minorities in Iran suffer officially sanctioned discriminations? Baha'is are banned from all government positions, are not allowed to have places of worship, and are banned from teaching the faith and even attend universities. In some cases they have even been denied burial sites and their cemeteries are systematically destroyed.    Evangelical Christians are suffering as well. Even Muslims who do not conform to the official interpretation of Islam face heresy charges. Last September, Mohsen Amir-Aslani was executed for insulting the prophet Jonah by declaring that his story in Koran was symbolic rather than factual.    Even traditional Shiite clerics who reject official interpretation of Islam are persecuted. Ayatollah Hossein Kazemeyni Boroujerdi is a traditional Shiite cleric who openly questions the legitimacy of the Islamic Republic and advocates a secular regime and has been imprisoned since 2007. Followers of Ahl-e Haqq religion are also under enormous pressure. Several members of the Ahl-e Haqq community have self-immolated in recent years to protest against religious persecution in Iran.    The Nematollahi-Gonabadi Sufi order is another example. Many members of this Sufi order are presently imprisoned and several places of their worship in Isfahan and other cities have been demolished. Mohammad Ali Taheri, founder of a spiritual group, was also arrested in 2011. In fact yesterday some of his supporters came out in support of him and many of them were arrested, just yesterday.    Iran is one of the few countries in the world that prosecutes lawyers for representing their clients. Ms. Nasrin Sotudeh and Abdolfattah Soltani are good examples. Mr. Soltani, a leading human rights lawyer has even been denied medical attention despite the fact that even prison doctors have written a letter recommending that he be treated outside the prison.    Last March, Maryam Shafipour, 29 years old, was sentenced to 7 years in prison for peaceful protests. Many student activists such as Majid Tavakkoli, Bhareh Hedayat, Sayed Zia Nabavi, Majid Dori, and Navid Khanjani have spent years, years in prisons for no crimes other than exercising their rights to peaceful protest.    A young brilliant scientist, Mr. Omid Kokabee, has been incarcerated in Evin prison since 2011. He was charged with espionage and for refusing not to work on military research projects with the government. That was his only crime.    Atena Farghadani, a children's rights advocate currently is in prison and she is on hunger strike. And what she's asking, not be released but to be moved from Gharchak prison which is a notoriously substandard women prison, to be moved back to Evin prison. And she's in a very dire situation right now from what I heard yesterday.    Political activists such as Heshmatollah Tabarzadi have spent years in prison for their peaceful activities. Just a few days ago, Masood Arab Choobdar, Saeed Shirzad, Hamid Babaei who were exiled from Tehran to Rajaei Shahr prison, which is another notoriously dangerous prison in Iran, they were beaten and severely abused. Another Baha'i prisoner, Shahram Chinian was also beaten, so severely that his face was unrecognizable by his friends.    Last July, Iranian writer Arzhang Davoodi was sentenced to death after spending nearly 11 years in prison on new charges of enmity against God in relation to his political activism and writings in support of a secular system. Journalists are another group that suffer under the Islamic Republic. According to Committee to Protect Journalists currently there are 30 journalists in Iran in prison.    These cases are simply a reflection of the Iranian regime's repressive domestic practices. The main question then is whether these practices are changing and whether Iran's new President Hassan Rouhani is really a reformer. To understand Mr. Rouhani's relationship to the state it is necessary to review his background. He has been a member of Islamic regime's leadership for the past 36 years and therefore has been an integral part of every aggressive move that the Islamic Republic has made since 1982. From creation and training of Hezbollah to the 1983 attack on U.S. and French military forces in Lebanon, the assassination of nearly 200 Iranian dissidents in Europe throughout the 1980s and 1990s, the 1994 bombing in Buenos Aires, and more recently to the Iranian's asymmetric campaign targeting U.S. and coalition forces in Iraq.    It is impossible to believe that Mr. Rouhani had no knowledge of these actions. Rouhani's cabinet choice for the post of Justice Minister, Mostafa Pourmohammadi, speaks volumes to his commitment to the issue of human rights. Pourmohammadi had direct role in the extrajudicial executions of thousands of political prisoners in the 1980s.    As we all know, Iran is the only country in the Middle East where people are by and large are friendly to America, therefore it is crucial that America stands up to the Islamic Republic on this important issue. I would like to encourage the honorable members of the subcommittees on behalf of all those who are suffering in the hands of the Islamic regime to link any easing or lifting of sanctions not just to the outcome of the nuclear negotiations but also to the improvement in the human rights situation in Iran.    With that I would like to thank you again for this opportunity and would be more than happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Arya. Arya.    Mr. Arya. Well, Madam Chairman, as I said it is getting worse. I mean if you look at the Islamic regime, it is in their nature when they feel secure they just become aggressive. When they see that there is no attention being paid to the issue of human rights, for example, they just do whatever they want and they see no reason why they should stop. They get rid of their opponents, they do all kinds of things that is just true to their nature.    But everything has gotten worse and all the statistics show that everything has gotten worse, from the number of executions, from the number of juveniles being executed, from religious minorities, everything has been worse under Rouhani. And my take, I think, is that international community hasn't paid enough attention to this issue, and they haven't been forcing Rouhani to stand up to his campaign promises and things of that nature. They just focus on the nuclear issue and then push everything aside. So that is unfortunate, I believe, that everything has gotten worse, and it is time for international community and U.S. administration especially to pay attention to that issue as well.    Mr. Arya. Well, I believe that on every arena from the administration to the Congress, this issue should be brought up continuously. In the United Nations, everywhere. Because without that the Islamic regime won't do anything then. I mean they will continue to abuse the Iranian people's rights.    A very good example, if I may, the way President Reagan dealt with Gorbachev, they wanted to make a deal with Gorbachev, they had good relationship with Gorbachev. They negotiated with him. They did all of that. But at the same time, when President Reagan went to Moscow he made a point to meet with the dissidents. And that sent a very good message, encouraging message, to all the anti-Soviet dissidents all over the former Soviet Union.    Mr. Arya. Exactly.    Mr. Arya. Exactly. The attitude of U.S. and European countries and all the other countries should be the same way. That whatever negotiations that goes between, I mean we understand. I am a member of opposition. I advocate regime change in Iran. But at the same time I understand that international relations and security concerns dictates that sometimes they have to negotiate with the Islamic regime. That is fine. But at the same time that negotiation, that improvement in relationship should not come at the expense of Iranian people's rights to freedom. That is the most important----    Mr. Arya. Exactly.    Mr. Arya. I agree.    Mr. Arya. I would like to add I agree with Mr. Sazegara as well, however, I believe it is a mistake to believe, to think of Rouhani as someone separated from the whole totality of the regime. As I said, he has been part of this regime from the beginning and he has been serving this regime at the highest levels, security levels, from the beginning until now. So it is foolhardy to me that we think of him as an outsider who wanted to come and do some reforms. He may have presented himself during the election as such or to the international community that he really is trying to make things better, but things are not really in his hands. The judicial system is not really in my hands, the security system is not really in my hand, this is not in my hand, that is not in my hand, all I can do is this and that.    But he is part of this regime. I mean he has been approving--I mean the Mr. Shariatmadari is the notorious editor of Kayhan, a very hardline, radical newspaper in Iran. He said it and I agree with him. He said that what is all this--and I am paraphrasing. He said what is all this talk about him wanting to release the leaders of the Green Movement, Mr. Mousavi, Mr. Rahnavard, and Mr. Karroubi? He said he voted for their imprisonment. At the National Security Council he voted for them to be incarcerated. What is this all talk about? I mean to me it is a mistake to think of him separately.    Mr. Arya. May I add something? I agree. And one thing I would really like to, if anything I would like to relay in this hearing is that Islamic regime only responds to force. Not just military force, but when they see that the international community is standing up firmly on any issue they eventually back off.    In Europe during the 1980s and 1990s, more than 200 Iranian dissidents were assassinated all over Europe. European countries kind of looked the other way. They said, well, it is this element of a radical group in the regime or that group, and it didn't stop. It only stopped when after the massacre in Mykonos all the European countries got together, they pulled back their Ambassadors and they imposed some sanctions. Since then there hasn't been any assassinations that I know of. So they respond to firmness and united front, they will respond to that. Otherwise they will just do whatever they want.    Mr. Arya. I have nothing to add to that.    Mr. Arya. LGBT community are again it is against Sharia law, being gay, and they are under enormous pressure. The only group that I know of that are not kind of tolerated, if they want to go through sex change then they have provisions to allow that. But that is only a small group of LGBT community. If somebody is gay and wants to remain gay and wants to be lesbian or remain lesbian without going through sex change and things like that they will be persecuted. I mean I don't exactly know the time, but recently they told two gay men--just punish them, to kill them as part of the punishment prescribed in Sharia for gay people.    So I don't see any kind of light in the end of the tunnel for that community in Iran so long as the Islamic regime is in power because they won't tolerate it. Because it goes against everything that they claim to stand by, so it undermines their legitimacy, undermines their claim of legitimacy in terms of religious doctrine that they prescribe to. I see no improvement in their situation except that small little group who want to go through the sex change. Other than that they are in terrible shape just like any other.    Mr. Arya. May I add something to this? I think you should look at Islamic regime and its drive to this nuclear issue from the perspective of their security. I believe that they want this program for several reasons and they won't give it up. One is that if they go nuclear they have something to show to their own supporters. And yes, the economy is bad, yes, your lives are terrible, all that stuff, but look at the end, we made Iran an atomic, nuclear power. The second thing that they look for in my opinion is that they believe that if they get the bomb they have secured the regime.    Mr. Arya. Exactly.    Mr. Arya. There definitely is that aspect to it. I mean they are, I mean some elements within that regime they are not really rational people. And all those calculations may come into their play and that is why it is very dangerous for them to have that nuclear capability in terms of military application. However, if you look at the Islamic regime, whenever they have felt that they have the upper hand and whenever they have felt that they are secure they have gone aggressive. Their behavior has changed.    I mean you look at from the very beginning, you look at the hostage crisis when they took over the American Embassy. The hostage takers, they admit that they only wanted to take the hostages for a couple of days, 3 or 4 days, to send a message and they will release them. As soon as the regime establishment, Khomenei and people around him, realized that the Carter administration is not going to do anything and it is safe to keep them, they kept them for 444 days.    Iran-Iraq War, in 1982, Iranian forces liberated Khorramshahr. They pushed all the Iraqi forces back. At that time Iran was at the highest military position and Iraq was afraid, all the Arab countries in the Persian Gulf were afraid that Iran will enter the Iraqi territory. At that time everybody offered them all kinds of incentives to accept a ceasefire. They felt powerful. They didn't do that. They continued on. They marched on into Iraq, and they only accepted the ceasefire when they had nothing left basically. Even Mr. Rezaee at one point in one of his interviews admitted that had the war continued for another week they wouldn't even have ammunitions for their handguns. So they push all the way there.    The same thing in Lebanon, in Syria, in Iraq and now in Yemen. You look at their behavior in Iraq. As soon as, I mean there is a very wonderful article in the New York Times about how this whole thing unfolded in Iraq, when after 9/11 they were extremely afraid that somehow America will go after them and they started cooperating with Ambassador Crocker. They tried to be nice to him and gave him some information and stuff. As soon as U.S. went into Iraq and they realized that there is no plan to move into Iran or do anything about their regime, they went aggressive and they caused all that chaos in Iraq.    Mr. Arya. Exactly. Why do they do that? Because as soon as they feel secure, as soon as they feel that there is no repercussions for their actions they go aggressive. And they have showed it time and time and time again. If they ever get their hands on a nuclear bomb, if you think that they are aggressive now, wait until then. They won't even need to use that bomb to blow up Tel Aviv or anywhere else.    There are hundreds of other things they can do to make life miserable not only for Israelis but for the whole region, as they have done so. I mean look at Syria, look at Iraq. I mean the carnage that they have caused is immeasurable, I mean in Iraq and everywhere.    Mr. Arya. If you ask me, sir, the best thing that U.S. can do is get rid of this mentality of betting on the winning horse, per se. We need to identify people who are truly democratic and they are truly in line with our values in the West and just support them, give them platforms. Not necessarily money or anything, but just like give them platforms to express their views.    I always think about Germany after World War II. In Germany, we in the U.S. just did and stood by helping everybody. They identified democratic forces within German society. They gave them financial support. They gave them political support. They gave them moral support. They gave them all kinds of assistance. And gradually say Christian Democrats, they started to grow and grow and grow and become more and more powerful. So that is the thing. Right now, for example, all this, the U.S. administration's attempt to say, use Quds Forces against ISIS, is just, it is ridiculous to me. I am sorry to say that but it is ridiculous. I mean to defeat one radical and to replace it with another radical, you don't gain anything.    The best thing for the U.S. is to identify people who are truly aligned with our values in the West and give them moral support, give them platforms to expand their ideas. Right now in Voice of America, for example, and Mr. Sazegara mentioned it, a lot of moderate groups don't even get a chance to go over there and express their ideas. It is almost impossible to do.    That is the best thing that U.S. Congress can do. Stand by democratic forces, promote them and give them encouragement, and stay away from all the other radicals whom we can use for short period of time, because that hasn't paid off. It just replaces one bad guy with another bad guy. And then in the process, the ordinary people they just blame America. They say hey, look at them. They are playing with us in order just, it is all a big game.    The conspiracy theories are wild in the Middle East. They look at it and say, okay, well, America is using ISIS against Iran and Iran against ISIS. So this is just all a game for America. We should stay away from it. We should stand by people who are truly in line with our values. That is all I can say, sir.