    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am pleased to introduce Commissioner Pinkerton today. Lee is currently serving his second term as a Boundary County Commissioner in my district. As the name tells you, Boundary County is at the boundary of the state, which is the boundary with Canada.    Prior to serving as County Commissioner, he served over 23 years with the U.S. Border Patrol. He served the final 8 years of his career in Spokane in the Spokane sector, which includes north Idaho. He chose to live in Idaho after he retired, and we are very happy about that. It has been a wise decision for him, and obviously, it has been a wise decision for the county. He has been doing a great job in the county.    Lee, we welcome you today, and we look forward to hearing your testimony.    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the witnesses for being here today.    The balancing of interests between the mission of our Federal land management agencies and the critical mission of the Department of Homeland Security in securing our borders is a topic that is all-too-often ignored. In fact, it is something that some people do not even think about.    I have to be honest. I practiced immigration law for over 10 years. When I first came to Congress, somebody told me that we were having a problem at the border with allowing Border Patrol agents from pursuing suspects on Federal land and that, in fact, many people would go through the Federal land because they knew the Border Patrol agents would not follow them; I laughed out loud, literally laughed out loud. I said, ``That is impossible.'' After having practiced law for so many years, I had not even heard of this issue.    There is no doubt that our borders are porous, and there is no doubt that Customs and Border Protection, and specifically the U.S. Border Patrol, is on the front line in harm's way. They are trying to keep watch over our Nation. This is not the appropriate setting to debate immigration policy, but we must remember that border security goes way beyond just illegal entrants.    At the Northern border, in the state where I live, we have a lot of issues with trafficking of children, child pornography, and many other issues. It is not just about illegal immigration. It is our duty to ensure that the drugs, weapons, people, and materials that threaten our national security are intercepted and repealed.    So, Commissioner Pinkerton, based on your experience, how secure is the Northern border today?    Mr. Labrador. In his testimony, Mr. Andrew spoke about agency collaboration and Memorandums of Understanding. Are you familiar with any MOUs between the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of the Interior agencies?    Mr. Labrador. And have those MOUs provided better coordination?    Mr. Labrador. How? How has it compromised the mission of the Border Patrol?    Mr. Labrador. Your testimony references administrative, motorized trips through a grizzly bear recovery zone in northern Idaho. How is Border Patrol affected by the caps in administrative trips?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you. I am troubled, Mr. Andrew, by your statement that, ``Mitigation activities aimed at protecting the environment during border security deployment has had no impact on Border Patrol's ability to protect the border.'' Are you referring to the entire border when you make such a statement, or just the Southern border?    Mr. Labrador. What statistics or data can you provide to support that general claim?    Mr. Labrador. Do you think Border Patrol agents are hampered by denied access to certain areas?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you. I yield back.