    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Madam Chair. Thanks to the Chairs and Ranking Members for this important conversation and thanks to the witnesses who are here. I wish we each had five hours instead of five minutes because there are so many questions.    So I wanted to start, Mr. Snell, you mentioned the issues and the challenges with notification and communication, and this is something that I want to recognize both in the public and private sector has been a challenge. And of course with the number of current and former federal employees, it's my understanding that the FISMA requirement requires notice to affected individuals provided as expeditiously as practicable and without unreasonable delay. So those are obviously terms that are not concrete depending on the circumstances. I just bring this up to recognize the importance of communicating with people who are victims of the data breaches. And it's not just an issue in the federal arena either, in the private sector as well.    I want to go back to the point that was made about encryption. It's my understanding that Estonia, even though it's a small country, had a significant data breach in 2007 and has really come around and is now considered one of the countries that does the best job of protecting data. Granted it's a smaller--much smaller population but they do make--heavy use of encryption. And they also have focused on educating the workforce.    And I also serve on the Education Committee and I wanted to ask about the--whether we are really educating people who will be able to be the people who are preventing as well as understanding how we need to do this both psychologically and technically. So do we need to improve cybersecurity education? Are there enough opportunities for the workforce? Do we have the people we need out there to be able to do these jobs? I'll start with Mr. Wilshusen.    Ms. Bonamici. That's a great point. And in your testimony you have this whole chart about the common adversaries and you list hackers and I have to say I'm a little confused as I go visit schools and the high schools are having these hack-a-thons and they're considered positive things. So is hacker a negative connotation or is it a positive or is it--depends on who the hacker is? It's a little confusing.    Ms. Bonamici. Right.    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific. And I wanted to ask, I guess, each of you. Can you talk a little bit about your--what are your two or three top recommendations for improving practices generally, not necessarily just for the federal government. Mr. Esser, what would be your top two or three recommendations?    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific. And I want to make sure the others get--and I'm almost out of time.    Mr. Snell, do you have a couple of----    Ms. Bonamici. Dr. Romine?    Ms. Bonamici. And Mr. Wilshusen?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you so much. I see my time is expired. I yield back. Thank you.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you. And I would just take privilege to note, I know when I was visiting schools that also do the hacking and training them, you know, that--it's a great growth area for kids to get engaged in and get educated on because there's going to be lots of jobs for them in this area. And I know somebody who works in the business so they tell their clients if we can't hack into your system, you shouldn't hire us to protect your system because that's part of what their job is to constantly be looking for the next attack, right? So that's--thank you.    I now recognize Mr. Abraham for five minutes.