    Mr. Schwartz. Thank you. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, and members of the subcommittee, I'm Michael Schwartz, and I'm the Chairman of the U.S. Railroad Retirement Board. I want to thank you for this opportunity to appear today and discuss the railroad retirement disability programs. Walter Barrows, representing rail labor; Steven Anthony, representing rail employers; and I are responsible for the agency's programs and operations.    Let me begin by saying that my fellow Board members and I share in the outrage at the physician-assisted fraud perpetrated on the railroad retirement system by certain retirees at the Long Island Rail Road. We applaud the efforts of our inspector general and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York in investigating and prosecuting this fraud.    The Long Island experience has helped us recognize a number of shortcomings in the disability benefit program. We have worked tirelessly to examine every step of our disability adjudication process and identify those areas that need improvement. Today, I'm pleased to report that we have made notable strides in strengthening the integrity of this program and better protecting our system from fraud. This experience has been a true catalyst for the change in the way we do business. And we are sincerely committed to effecting real and measurable improvements through the initiatives we have put in place and those we plan going forward.    This morning, I will provide the subcommittee with the summary of the significant changes we are making. These changes were crafted after careful consideration of recommendations by our inspector general and the Government Accountability Office during their respective reviews of the Board's programs. The quality and integrity of our benefit decisions are of the upmost importance to the Board and its stakeholders. The improvements we are making provide the foundation for a higher standard of disability determination. The process we are adopting is much different and more comprehensive than what was used when the Long Island Rail Road scheme surfaced.    Independent medical examinations will be required for all disability applicants with limited exceptions. And each exam will be performed by physicians who specialize in the area of the claimed impairment. Contractual positions will now be onsite at our headquarters building at least two times a week in the Disability Benefits Division to provide medical advice and support to claims examiners. Physicians are also providing more extensive training to the examiners on medical conditions and the interpretation of medical evidence. The Board is creating a quality assurance unit to assess the quality of medical evidence, accuracy in disability determinations, adherence to the established procedures, areas in need of improvement, and subject-matter appropriate for refresher training.    We have enhanced our fraud training awareness. The Board will continue to procure antifraud training from outside sources and make such training mandatory for all agency personnel. We will employ contractual medical personnel to provide refresher training for those responsible for making or reviewing disability decisions, such as claims examiners, reconsideration specialists, hearing officers, and quality assurance specialists. There will be more frequent contact with fraud-risk populations through the expanded use of continuing disability reviews for all occupational cases and mandatory periodic recertification of disability.    Senior claims examiners will review all initial disability determinations prior to the final rating. Treating physician information is already being tracked to identify any suspicious activities or patterns. And RRB forms, including a disability application, are being reviewed and revised to gather more relevant and accurate information.    Along with these improvements, in December 2013, the Board created a fraud task force that assists in implementing disability reform measures, along with other benefit-related program integrity measures. The task force has approved a number of internal modifications to procedures and forms and is driving implementation of fraud prevention and detection initiatives, many of which were recommended by the GAO and our IG. The initiatives I have outlined for you today will substantially strengthen the overall integrity of the disability program and better protect our system from fraud. Whether it's securing current vocational information and using the most accurate and specialized medical evidence and opinions when making disability determinations, providing ongoing fraud awareness training to agency employees, offering our claims examiners ready access to expert medical guidance, or establishing a much needed quality assurance unit, we are committed to real change that will ensure continued confidence in a program that has meant vital financial security to generations of our Nation's railroad workers and their families. Thank you.    Mr. Schwartz. When we received the information that Dr. Ajemian, the doctors involved pled guilty, we immediately started the process to open cases. And that process would be open cases, take a look at the information in the cases, and see if the person was legitimately disabled. In that process, we could have recovered payments.    Mr. Dickman, at that time and rightfully so, said to us: You have to stop that process because you could interfere with prosecution, and we don't want you to recover payments.    So he, along with us, decided that what we would do would be to issue a Board order that would allow people to reapply. Now, these are not people who were accused of anything. These were not people that were, that anyone indicted, that anyone accused. These were people who did go to that doctor. But they were not, they did not come in and voluntarily disclose that they did something.    Mr. Schwartz. I would like to say something on that though. Our chief counsel says that there's nothing that was in that letter that we have sent--and this is good news actually--on the termination that precludes us from recovering any money from someone who has committed fraud. And we thought, I can tell you, we thought we were working with the Inspector General's Office every step of the way. We have worked with the Inspector General's Office every step of the way.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. All five.    Mr. Schwartz. We have told the GAO we're planning to implement them. We have a plan. And I have to say that Mr. Bertoni's and Mr. Dickman's recommendations have really, really been a big part of the plan we put together. Mr. Dickman's comments about changing the way we do business, he is right, spot on. He really is.    Mr. Schwartz. I think that part of the issue that we have is that we cannot sacrifice accuracy for expediency. In other words, we want to pay, but we can't sacrifice accuracy. That's why we have a quality assurance area that we've put together, which Mr. Bertoni suggested, which Mr. Dickman, I hope, will agree with as well. I think many of the things that he wants is in that quality assurance unit, where we will be able to basically double check our work and make sure that our work is proper.    So, in answer to your question about the plan, we do have an improvement plan. I think that Mr. Dickman and Mr. Bertoni both will get a copy of that very soon. And I think it's also important when you say when will things be put together, we'll have timelines on that plan too. And then Mr. Dickman and Mr. Bertoni can monitor that.    Mr. Schwartz. When we get an application----    Mr. Schwartz. The 98 percent, I would say that when you start with that, you would say that the occupational disability law, actually--well, here's the best way to put it, the person has to have 10 years of rail experience or be 60 years old or have 20 years of rail experience and a current connection; then they can't do their job. That's it. It's a very unique, unique law. That being said, we have to do better. We absolutely have to do better. We have doctors all the way through. In our plan, we actually have doctors at the beginning, the IMEs; we have consultative exams in the middle; and, at the end, we have doctors, we have a contract with a doctor to do assessment at the end to make sure we did our work properly. So we have doctors all the way through the process.    As far as Mr. Dickman's comment about how long an exam could last, I've not seen the contract on the exams that our IMEs are doing right now. So I would have to wait to comment on that.    Mr. Schwartz. If you meet the requirements, yes, the non-medical requirements and you can't do your job, that's correct.    Mr. Schwartz. That would be up to--if Congress would sit down with rail labor and management and discuss that, then we would administer anything that you----    Mr. Schwartz. What I would say is if you do change the law, we'll administer it.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes, I mean, I think that would be something that you could, that rail labor and rail management would have to discuss. I think that it would be something----    Mr. Schwartz. Do I think the----    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. Changing the occupation--I think that if there's changes that need to be made in the laws, I think that they would----    Mr. Schwartz. People like?    Mr. Schwartz. I think that occupational disability as a system needs to be improved. The way we administer occupational disability needs to be improved.    Mr. Schwartz. For fraud, yes.    Mr. Schwartz. These were people who, that, OK, we terminated their benefit because they had seen doctors that had plead guilty.    Mr. Schwartz. They were not indicted. They did not have any criminal charges brought against them. So what we decided to do is have them reapply with new medical evidence.    Mr. Schwartz. I would have to see if we had a legal basis to do that. And I will.    Mr. Schwartz. We have a legal basis to collect the money for fraud. What I would have to do is talk to my lawyers, and we would have to see if fraud can be proved.    Mr. Schwartz. In my opening Statement, I was referring to the changes that we're making in the program.    Mr. Schwartz. These were people who went to this doctor.    Mr. Schwartz. Why haven't----    Mr. Schwartz. These were people who reapplied and submitted new medical evidence.    Mr. Schwartz. They reapplied. They submitted----    Mr. Schwartz. I think Mr. Dickman does a great job. I think his recommendations to us have been very, very helpful.    Mr. Schwartz. I would not say that Mr. Dickman is wrong. This is what I would say: I would say that back when Dr. Ajemian pled guilty, there were 1,500 applications that Mr. Dickman was looking at. When we went to terminate people, we asked for a list of people that went to Dr. Ajemian. He gave us back a list of 700----    Mr. Schwartz. No.    Mr. Schwartz. Right now, it depends. I mean, it depends on, I mean, I've seen annual Statements that people get probably around, I'd say right now somewhere between $2,700 and $2,900 a month, depending on the year.    Mr. Schwartz. More like $1,700 or $1,800 a month.    Mr. Schwartz. I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but something like that.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes. I mean, the percentage of people who apply for the programs has gone down tremendously. Ten years ago, basically there were, oh, probably, I mean, when you're talking about for total and permanent disability, they were probably 30 percent of the applications. Now it's down to 15. Occupational disability, probably 8 percent of the people applied; now it's down to 3. So the percent of people who are applying for these has dropped tremendously in the past 10 years.    Mr. Schwartz. OK, if you have like--let me give you an example. Last year, 12,400 people received new benefits. Of those, 10,200 were age and service; in other words, those were benefits that weren't disability. OK, so that left, oh, around 2,000, 2,100 people that applied for benefits. Of those, 800 were total and permanent; 1,100 were Social Security equivalent; and 200 were occupational disability. So you had about 2 percent for that type of disability, pure occupational disability.    Mr. Schwartz. Well, right now--well, what it comes down to is--well, there is--occupational disability as a pure disability that doesn't get a Social Security equivalent----    Mr. Schwartz. So, last year, 18 percent of the people--18 percent total received some kind of disability.    Mr. Schwartz. Last year it was 18 percent.    Mr. Schwartz. Last year, as I said, we had 12,400 people get awards, 12,400 get awards. OK? Of those, 18 percent--18 percent of those people received an award for disability.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. Well, right now, there's about 250,000 people in the work force.    Mr. Schwartz. You could run the numbers that way.    Mr. Schwartz. Well, I mean, let me----    Mr. Schwartz. Yes, yes, just really, honestly, if you could let me know what you are getting at maybe I can understand better.    Mr. Schwartz. Eligible to get benefits?    Mr. Schwartz. I don't have that number.    Mr. Schwartz. That's on the rolls.    Mr. Schwartz. That's on the rolls.    Mr. Schwartz. There's 58,000 people currently that are labeled as occupationally disabled; 45,000 of those people have reached the age of 62; 5,000 of those people are--have the pure occupational disability where they aren't able to get any other benefit. They aren't able to get an age and service benefit. That would be a regular retirement. They aren't able to get any kind of Social Security equivalent. There's 58,000 people that are categorized as occupational disabled, as Mr. Bertoni said, 20,000 total and permanent.    Mr. Schwartz. There's 58,000 people labeled as occupationally disabled because their application originally came in as occupationally disabled.    Mr. Schwartz. All right, 45,000 of those people are 62 and over.    Mr. Schwartz. The significance of that is that they could be getting, if we didn't exist, let's say we didn't exist, they could be getting some kind of benefit.    Mr. Schwartz. Social Security.    Mr. Schwartz. Down in that section, there is around 30.    Mr. Schwartz. Who, well, no----    Mr. Schwartz. Well, the occupation disability is not all that we do. We have a lot of those people working the computer area that--we have other types of pension benefits? Occupation disability is not----    Mr. Schwartz. When we responded to your letter, we responded the best way we could.    Mr. Schwartz. Is there something that you felt you still need an answer to? I apologize for that. I thought we did answer the questions, yes.    Mr. Schwartz. What I think has--when we received your letter, we put together answers that were the very best answers to your questions we could put together. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. Sure.    Mr. Schwartz. I would have to the say rail labor and rail management would have to be involved in those discussions.    Mr. Schwartz. If you were talking about investigative disability cases, in other words, referring to the inspector general for an investigation, you are exactly right, it is different.    Mr. Schwartz. No, I can't. I can't respond to that. I mean, when we worked with our people and asked them how many had been submitted, they said 44. And basically, it turns out, if it's six, I apologize for the answer.    Mr. Schwartz. Uh-huh.    Mr. Schwartz. It's 98 percent. I think we just assume that throughout the letter, it was 98 percent, and apparently we did not put down 98 percent. It's 98 percent.    Mr. Schwartz. What happens is, there's two types of disabilities. There is total and permanent, and there is occupational. About 33 percent of our cases end up going to Social Security for review. The Social Security rate, Dan, is probably somewhere in the 70's.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes, the Social Security rate is somewhere around 78 percent. What is happening is, we are just putting this plan in place. Basically, we are putting a plan in place that will have doctors involved, have exams by doctors. We will have a quality assurance unit. We will have training.    Mr. Schwartz. Every application in our plan that comes in will have an independent medical exam.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes, sir.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes, sir.    Mr. Schwartz. Correct.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes, sir.    Mr. Schwartz. Well, I think that I would like to sit down with Mr. Dickman after this meeting and find out, you know, get our lists together.    I think some of those, Mr. Dickman, were probably legislative. Is that correct, sir?    Mr. Schwartz. Some are legislative. And I think many of them--and I think that he might need that clarification as well--are in our plan. I think many of the things that he has recommended are in our plan.    Mr. Schwartz. I don't know exactly.    Mr. Schwartz. I know that. Mr. Dickman, would you help me with that?    Mr. Schwartz. Yes, I just--I don't know which, you said that you received a letter. I--Mr. Chairman, I didn't understand the question. You said you received a letter. I didn't know which letter. But if you say ``letters,'' yes, we have received letters that we haven't responded to.    Mr. Schwartz. Mr. Chairman, there is no way I would ignore the IG's recommendations. There is no way.    Mr. Schwartz. Mr. Chairman, the GAO gave us five recommendations. We have agreed with all five recommendations and are implementing all five recommendations.    Mr. Schwartz. I will give you a timeline. I will submit that for the record.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes, I will.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. We have been working on that plan for a long time. And I think that----    Mr. Schwartz. Oh, a lot of the plan happened before that, before we were notified we had a hearing.    Mr. Schwartz. Well, I would have to get that to you. Hang on a second.    Mr. Schwartz. All of it. All of it.    Mr. Schwartz. Absolutely, I mean, Mr. Dickman's 7-day letter had a great effect. There's absolutely no--I won't deny that.    Mr. Schwartz. Mr. Chairman, the question was how much of this plan was after the 7-day letter. All of it was. Before that, we did do some things but we weren't doing as good a job. It is absolutely true.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes, sir.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. You have my commitment today that we will do everything we can to be cooperative.    Mr. Schwartz. Absolutely.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. I think we have to make sure. The problem is we have to make sure that the people are getting the benefits they deserve. But we also have to make sure we are paying it properly. And I think we need to put our plan in place to ensure that everything is done properly.    Mr. Schwartz. Oh, I absolutely share that concern that there could be--that there could be an issue--that there is an issue that we have--that we have to fix. We have to change the way we do business. We really do. The things that Mr. Dickman brought up, the things that Mr. Bertoni brought up, are absolutely correct. We have to change the way we do business, and we have to make fundamental changes, and that's what we are doing.    Mr. Schwartz. I think that the strengths of the structure are that this program, the trust fund as we have talked earlier, is funded by rail management and rail labor. They have a seat at the table. I think that's the strength of it. I think the weakness of it is, at times, it can be unwieldy, you know, because there's three, you know, there's three different offices to deal with, but maybe that is by design. Maybe the unwieldiness is by design. Whoever set this up, set it up so there would be, at times, an acrimonious situation where people represent different constituencies. And so I would say that would be the minus.    And as far as agreeing or not agreeing with it, I really can't weigh into that. I think it would be something that management, labor, and Congress would have to talk about.    Mr. Schwartz. Well, I think that what I meant by that is probably there is competing--with, you know, industry, they represent industry and labor. As far as the Board members are concerned, I think that they work well together, but the way I balance it is, sometimes I help with compromise. I mean, basically, there's times where they may not be too far apart, and I'm able to help out there.    Mr. Schwartz. All right, I think that the drawbacks would be that you would have an entity that is--well, you weren't talking about--you were talking about the one person instead of the three is what you are talking about? OK.    Mr. Schwartz. Sure.    Mr. Schwartz. Oh, OK. Thanks.    Mr. Schwartz. I think that the drawback would be that industry and labor do--the trust fund is funded with industry and labor tax dollars, and I think that for them to have a seat at the table, I think you would end up with a system that there would be more commitment. I guess if you wanted to look at--if you want to look at just pure efficiency, it is sort of like the--what we were talking about on doing claims expediency instead of quality.    I mean, if you want to look at sheer efficiency, things would go faster. There would be less consternation. And, well, there would be one decisionmaker, but also you wouldn't have a check and balance. So, I mean, I think that's--that's the thing. You might have a quicker process, a process where one person would be doing it, but you wouldn't have a check and balance over their funds. I think that would be the answer.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes, sir.    Mr. Schwartz. What I'm saying is, is the Railroad Retirement Board does a lot of things. I mean, and I can say----    Mr. Schwartz. What I'm saying is, is our business of the Railroad Retirement Board, we have rail labor and rail industry, that both have a stake in it. They are stakeholders. And I think that an answer to your question is, it is a check and balance. I think, as far as occupational disability is concerned, we can do better.    Mr. Schwartz. I think what we are doing right now is we are--labor and management are sitting down and they are talking about the vocational issues as far as job descriptions. What is happening is, we have outdated and very, very poor job descriptions. I mean, I think that is our first problem there. I think that it should be if they can't do their job.    Mr. Schwartz. The recommendation would be to--what he was just talking about, no, there is not a recommendation for that, to have one aspect of the job be your job. No, there is no recommendation on that.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. Since the 1940's.    Mr. Schwartz. No, but I can go back to--like I said, if you even go back 10 years ago, you had 38 percent of the people getting disability awards. And, last year and in 2013, you had 18 percent getting disability.    Mr. Schwartz. Applying for--well, I would have to get the applications. But I can tell you that if you go back to 2000--well, that's the only way to keep it is on awards. But----    Mr. Schwartz. What I can do is, if you can--I can provide something for you for the record if I get the question exactly framed as you would like, we can get our actuary to give you numbers, whatever you want.    Mr. Schwartz. OK, we can get that for you.    Mr. Schwartz. I understand where you are going with that.    Mr. Schwartz. We're--OK, we will do the best we can on that. And if--and we can get ahold of you if we don't have the exact question framed, and we will do the very best we can to get you those numbers, sir.    Mr. Schwartz. I understand.    Mr. Schwartz. Well, current connection was put into place actually to prevent people--they wanted to make sure that people had a current connection to the railroad. That is--it's very rare, and he did put an example in there that was in the manual. That's exactly true. It is very rare that would happen.    Mr. Schwartz. I think you were referring to Mr. Dickman asking us not to go back and recover claims, and that was the correspondence we had for that, the letter that he had sent that said not to recover. Which question are you talking about? I have to look at the question here.    Mr. Schwartz. Okay.    Mr. Schwartz. I think that what it comes down to is, we were looking at all of the possibilities to improve our disability program. We want to enhance it. We want to make it better. We want to change the way we do things. Dr. McLellan is one of the people we thought we should talk to, as suggested by Mr. Dickman, to get his ideas on how to do that.    Mr. Schwartz. All five of Mr. Bertoni's recommendations we intend to implement. Many of Mr. Dickman's we intend to implement. And, as I said, Mr. Dickman and I will be sitting down and going through them and making sure he has a response to all of his recommendations.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. I would say, Mr. Chairman, that we need to change our culture absolutely. We need to change the way we do business, and the way things are right now today without these extra things, without the quality assurance, without the extra doctors, and those things, something could be happening, yes.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.    Mr. Schwartz. OK.    Mr. Schwartz. I understand.    Mr. Schwartz. Yes.