    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCarthy, let's you and I pick up a discussion that we left off on a previous hearing. In one of your previous appearances, you testified that ozone exacerbates asthma.    Mr. Abraham. Yet you went on to specifically state, and I'm quoting here, that ``the scientists actually have not made any connection between the levels of ozone and the prevalence of asthma,'' and Mr. Chairman, I'll ask to submit for the record a letter signed by many, many Members of the House and Senate that questions EPA's anticipated health benefits.    Mr. Abraham. Ms. McCarthy, are you familiar with some of the other factors that can exacerbate asthma other than ozone as the EPA claims?    Mr. Abraham. Would you elaborate, please?    Mr. Abraham. And what is the role of indoor pollution in asthma, in your opinion? What role that does that indoor pollution play?    Mr. Abraham. So they can exacerbate it?    Mr. Abraham. I mean, you know, I'm a doc and I've treated children with asthma for 20-plus years, and you know, I'll just read a partial list from the CDC and from medical textbooks that are exacerbaters of asthma: plant pollen, pet dander, dust, dust mite feces, cockroach feces, insect bites, mold, eggs, peanuts, soy, wheat, fish, shrimp, salads, fruits, respiratory infections, cold air, exercise, certain medications including aspirin, ibuprofen and naproxen, sulfites and preservatives in foods, and the list goes on and on.    I guess the question that this leads to, you were having a discussion with Mr. Tonko about the benefits of cardiovascular disease with possibly ozone. I guess you believe it maybe exacerbates that. Did the EPA's final ozone NAAQS regulation take into consideration all these additional factors in its analysis to determine if a new standard needs to be implemented at this time?    Mr. Abraham. And you know, let me remind you that, again, we had this back and forth last year, that the ozone levels have decreased dramatically over the last three decades yet asthma has gone up, and after all these years, you or your advisors have never really managed to connect those dots and look into the indoor air pollution aspect of it.    Mr. Abraham. And again, I could probably debate that on another day on an issue as far as, you know, I've seen some of your data that you rely on but I've seen other data that would refute that most mightily, let me say.    What did your advisors say specifically about the issues of indoor air pollution and asthma?    Mr. Abraham. So I mean----    Mr. Abraham. And I guess that's my point. You know, how can the EPA's analysis, how can you say it's complete if, you know, your advisors have really failed to address this issue----    Mr. Abraham. --and failed to understand the importance of indoor air pollution on these poor children.    Mr. Abraham. Well, I can be much clearer myself because I've seen thousands of studies also that would refute your scientific basis, and that's where we, I think, diametrically oppose each other is on your, what I will put in quotes, objective scientific data. I think it's flawed, and I think we can refute it on every level and turn. And again, nobody here wants to see a child's asthma get worse. We don't even want a child ever to have asthma. But I think we have to be honest and fair with the child and the family as to what's causing it, and again, I don't think we're addressing that fully.    Mr. Abraham. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.