    Mr. Coffman. Please provide your vision or road map of what enhancements/improvements you believe need to be made to the Ground based Missile Defense (GMD) system, including the ground based Interceptors, the sensors, the battle management and the ground support systems, to meet future threats and also insure that the GMD system is reliable and viable into the 2030 time frame?    Mr. Coffman. How has GMD's changing funding and support over the years affected the program? In what ways would it help to have your general plan for the future of the GMD program formally endorsed by the Congress?    Mr. Coffman. Currently MDA is on a path towards the emplacement of 44 Ground Based Interceptors (GBIs) by the end of 2017 to fulfill current OSD policy to meet the growing threat from ballistic missile attack against the Homeland. Could you provide an update on where your agency is on meeting this requirement? Would additional funding be helpful to meeting this deadline?    Mr. Coffman. How would an East Coast based sensor enhance the capabilities of the GMD system?    Mr. Coffman. Currently the majority of the sensors that support the Ground based Missile Defense (GMD) system are ground based radars with the addition of the Sea Based X-Band Radar (SBX). What are the natural limitations of sea and ground-based sensors? What kinds of tracking and discrimination benefits would a space based sensor provide GMD?    Mr. Coffman. The committee understands that your agency has conducted some early work on lasers and airborne platforms for them. Can you share your general approach on such a system?    Admiral Syring.    <bullet>  Our vision is to shift the calculus of our potential adversaries by introducing directed energy into the BMDS architecture.    <bullet>  Our long term goal is to use megawatt-class lasers on high altitude, long endurance UAV platforms to destroy ICBMs in the boost phase at long standoff ranges. To achieve this vision we must prove three key elements: laser power scaling to megawatt-class with high efficiency and excellent beam quality; demonstrating laser beam pointing stabilization much better than previous airborne lasers; and demonstration of a high altitude, long endurance aircraft to carry the laser and its beam pointing and control system.    <bullet>  Our PB16 budget funds a structured plan that includes laser power scaling in the laboratory in parallel with reducing the risk of integrating a laser system onto an airborne platform and testing it in the field.    <bullet>  In the 2025 time frame, our goal is to integrate a compact, efficient, high power laser into an unmanned aircraft capable of carrying that laser and destroying targets in the boost phase.    Mr. Coffman. What would be the benefits of such a system to our overall Homeland Defense system?    Mr. Coffman. How quickly do you think that such a system could be ready for fielding?    Mr. Coffman. Do you need additional funds to accomplish the implementation of such a system?    Mr. Coffman. I am especially concerned about North Korea's progress on long-range missile development. Today, do you see any realistic alternative to fully leveraging and improving the GMD system for homeland defense against ICBM threats? Are you comfortable with the pace of GMD's improvements given the real threat to the U.S. homeland?    Mr. Coffman. MDA's budget justification material regarding the Redesigned Kill Vehicle (RKV) program states that, in FY16, MDA will expend funds to ``Initiate robust subsystem Design Verification Testing to include Electromagnetic Environmental Effects (E3), temperature, vibration and shock environments and Highly Accelerated Lifecycle testing to ensure increased reliability and producibility''. Does MDA plan to use current year (FY15) funds to initiate these activities during FY15 or instead wait until FY16 to begin these activities? By beginning these activities in FY15, would MDA have greater overall confidence in the RKV design and reliability? Does MDA itself plan to conduct these subsystem Design Verification Testing measures or will MDA issue guidance to its suppliers requiring the implementation of such rigorous testing methodologies?    Mr. Coffman. The MDA Report to Congress entitled ``HALT/HASS Testing of Ballistic Missile Defense Systems and Components'', dated March 24, 2014, asserted that several on-going or planned missile defense programs, to include the AN/TPY-2 radar CUE CCA redesign, the Long-Range Discrimination Radar, and the GMD GBI EKV, would benefit from additional HALT/HASS work if funds were made available to do so. What is the status of MDA's plans to incorporate HALT and/or HASS testing on these programs? Does MDA plan to expend funds in FY15 or FY16 for these activities? If so, please provide a detailed breakout of where and how such funds will be allocated for this purpose (by year and by PE). If MDA has no such plans, please explain why this is the case in light of the statements included in the March 24, 2014 report regarding the potential value of implementing HALT/HASS on these programs.    Mr. Coffman. Has MDA considered the potential benefits of implementing HALT and/or HASS on possible future MDA programs, for example, the Space-based Kill Assessment project or the THAAD Follow-on Program?