    Ms. Kellen. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, thank you for inviting me to testify today. I have worked at the EPA for 28 years, the last 2 as the president of AFGE Council 238. Council 238 is the largest union at the EPA. We represent about 8,500 employees.    EPA is an agency of proud and dedicated civil servants with a strong work ethic. However, bad management practices have become routine, causing everyday duties to become stressful and difficult. This hinders the Agency's ability to function effectively and efficiently.    There is a double standard in which the rank-and-file employees accused of lesser offenses are often treated harshly, while managers who bully and harass their employees are rewarded with promotions and large bonuses. Allow me to present some examples.    First, I will speak to the aftermath of the testimony before this body on the misconduct of Peter Jutro, who was accused of sexually harassing multiple female EPA employees. After that testimony, EPA held an all-hands meeting with his staff to discuss the testimony. Staff were encouraged to speak freely, but as information was shared, it became clear that EPA senior management did not want to hear about the extent of the harassment. They attempted to limit the input by stating that Peter was not here to defend himself. Management chose to defend the indefensible rather than addressing the serious allegations of misconduct.    Another incident involves a former employee who had a stellar work record and an international reputation in the scientific community. Upon her division director's retirement, her new manager was appointed using Title 42 authority. Title 42 positions are intended for short-term consultants with specific expertise. EPA has been using this authority to hire managers.    Soon after his arrival, the new manager began to harass and bully the employee. He cancelled previously approved speaking engagements at scientific conferences, even though it was part of her job and there was no cost to the agency, while allowing the men in the office to continue to pursue these endeavors.    After months of this behavior, she filed an EEO gender claim. The manager was not deterred, but was emboldened to try to find a way to have her removed from Federal service. EPA searched her desk and her email in an effort to manufacture ethical violations relating to conference travel and planning activities. EPA then fabricated charges and proposed to remove her from service. Despite the lack of any threat on her behalf, they escorted her out of the building with a specially hired armed guard. The employee was forced to hire an attorney to defend herself.    The Agency ultimately reduced the termination to a 2-month suspension. When she returned to the office, the harassment intensified. This employee ultimately found new employment as a full professor with an endowed tenured seat at a major U.S. university.    Her EEO case went to trial in June of this year. After a 5-day trial, the 12-person jury took less than 2 hours to return a verdict in her favor. They found that the Agency had retaliated against her and awarded her back pay and substantial compensatory damages.    It is not easy to fight the full force of the Federal Government. This woman had to refinance her home and tap into her retirement account to pay for the legal costs. While she prevailed in court, EPA lost a valuable employee, and those responsible for this reprehensible behavior have never been held accountable.    These are not isolated instances, just specific accounts of systematic breakdown. The Agency has too many managers at senior levels who regularly bully and harass employees.    Today, I ask Administrator McCarthy to stand with the good, hard-working employees of the EPA and work with the unions to address the harassment, bullying, and retaliatory behaviors within EPA.    Finally, I ask the members of this committee to distinguish between the very public problems that you are hearing about and the vast majority of EPA employees, both staff and managers, who want nothing more than do a good job for the American people.    When the rhetoric about Federal workers as lazy, unproductive, or unresponsive to the public is tossed about without consideration to the men and women who labor for the government, it demeans and demoralizes employees. Please do not paint all Federal workers with the brush of a few problem employees. Federal employees deserve the respect of the Nation, not its scorn. They are what keeps this country working, day in and day out.    Thank you.    Ms. Kellen. Correct.    Ms. Kellen. Absolutely.    Ms. Kellen. Frankly, it varies from location to location. We do have some locations in which management has been responsive in listening to us and starting to address the problems, although I have to admit that the solutions that they come up with tend to be feckless, frankly.    Ms. Kellen. Responsiveness looks like an acknowledgement that the bullying behavior is happening and that there is a problem.    The response, however, is to send the bully, whose been doing this for 20 years, off for training for 3 weeks with master's credit. I actually asked if I could be sent off for 3 weeks of training with master's credits.    In other instances, there is complete denial of what is going on. Frequently what happens is, when you raise the issue with one level of management, they join forces. Managers stand together as one, and the manager is always right, the manager is the one who is telling the truth, and the employee is the problem.    Ms. Kellen. Oh, no. It undermines the work people are trying to do. These people just want to do their job. And if we'd just get out of their way, they would give great service to the American public. But, instead, you get this whole culture of--everything starts to revolve around the problems, and it just undermines everything we do.    Ms. Kellen. Okay. So what we see after the John Beale situation, which I am sure you are all aware was the CIA impersonator----    Ms. Kellen. --the Agency came down very hard on employees on time and attendance issues, to the extent where there are times when single mothers have gotten in trouble for being 5 minutes late once in a while. We had an employee who was severely ill who forgot to request his leave to take his doctor's appointment 1 out of, like, 40 visits. Despite the fact that he was working again later in the afternoon, he was put on AWOL for that period of time because he did not ask ahead of time.    Yet the managers pretty much walk free. They do as they like, and they are not held accountable.    Ms. Kellen. Well, I think the first place to start would be developing a feedback loop.    One of the issues I see is that, when you have a bullying situation going on, the bullies tend to be very good at managing upwards, so the senior leaders never see that behavior. And they need to listen to the staff, they need to listen to the employees.    And when you are managing, you learn that there are some gripers, and then--but when the problem expands beyond those few people who are always griping to a larger group of people, you have to listen to the employees.    So we need to develop a feedback loop to make sure that senior leadership gets feedback about how managers are doing within this process.    Ms. Kellen. Well, that is the next step, that they actually have to act upon what they hear.    Ms. Kellen. And, if I could, as a lawyer, I would have to say: It depends. Because it is very dependent on the senior career leaders in each location. And I have found that some locations, the political leadership is stepping in and really trying to make a difference.    Ms. Kellen. That is correct.    Ms. Kellen. If I could respond, I believe that when you allow a bullying culture to exist with managers that those employees who have those tendencies will also act that way towards the public.    I also think that is more rare. I think you hear about the worst ones, but on the day-to-day operations, unfortunately what I've seen is that some of our employees in the field have been harassed and threatened by the public because of the environment towards us.    But I think, if there are instances of that out there, that the bullying culture definitely lends itself to that.    Ms. Kellen. And if I could, as well, address that, I think part of the problem with that is just--I grew up in a town of 400 people, so I know what it is like in rural America. And the rules you come up with in Washington, D.C., just do not always make sense when you get down on the farm. And I think that is a challenge in general.    And I think one of the things I would caution you on is that, currently, the Federal Government itself is so loaded down with regulations that control us and tell us how we can and cannot do things that it is impossible to operate effectively or efficiently.    Ms. Kellen. Yes. Just to let you know, I have reached out to the IG. And, unfortunately, our meeting was cancelled last week because of various reasons. But my intention is to work with the IG to try to find a way to address these issues and to try to reopen those lines of communication so that employees do feel comfortable reporting that. So that is an ongoing effort that we are making right now.    Ms. Kellen. Absolutely.    Ms. Kellen. I would not say it is a pervasive part. It happens in locations, and it is not appropriately addressed.    Ms. Kellen. Bullying is more pervasive.    Ms. Kellen. Bullying, which is as detrimental, almost as detrimental, as sexual harassment.    Ms. Kellen. I think, most of the time, most of the managers--EPA employees tend to hang around a long time, and most of the managers have come up through the ranks together, and they just cannot imagine that Joe over here, Manager Joe, who is the nicest guy in the world to them, could possibly be treating their employees that badly.    They are not listening to the employees. And I think there's a lot of pressure on senior leaders. And there are plenty of really good managers at EPA, but I do not think they have the support to stand up to other managers and do what needs to be done.    Ms. Kellen. I think that would be a disaster. None of the people to my right would still be working for the Agency if that were the case. They would have got them out of the Agency so fast none of us would have known what happened.    Ms. Kellen. Well, in the instance that I mentioned in my testimony, once the employee had filed her EEO claim, they decided to go on a fishing expedition and search through her email and try to--and go through her desk and try to find something that they could go after her for. And so that that is one way.    And, really, when you look at the nature of the Agency----    Ms. Kellen. It was used to try to remove her from Federal service.    Ms. Kellen. Exactly.    Ms. Kellen. In other instances--I think the issue with the Federal Government, it is very easy, because of the amount of--after the Beale situation, the time and attendance rules are very tight, and we are spending an extraordinary amount of money trying to enforce that against the rank-and-file employees. And so it is very easy to find a technical violation when someone is still doing their job.    So the other forms of retaliation is not assigning the good work. People really are excited about their job. They want to do good work. And you can take away the high-profile cases, you can take away the good work and give them the, kind of, dredge of the work.    And so there's severe and there's more subtle types of----    Ms. Kellen. I actually might disagree a little bit, because there are some managers there who really do support their employees and allow them to do their work.    Ms. Kellen. Not necessarily.    Ms. Kellen. Right. And maybe I just come from a location that has better managers than----    Ms. Kellen. --they have in Chicago.    Ms. Kellen. Absolutely.    In one situation that I actually mention in my written testimony, the IG did an investigation of an employee. He was moved off into a small office. And then he was brought back up to the administrator's office.    I have asked to see the copy of the IG report. I've talked to the former chief of staff to try to get an idea of what really happened here. And I was told he was exonerated except for the alcohol charge, but I am not allowed to see the report.    And so I am not allowed to know whether he was actually exonerated from all these charges or whether the employees were just too afraid to talk to them. And there's a big difference there.    And so, by having these reports not shared or not more open, we have no way and the employees who anonymously reported this have no way to know that anything was actually done on it.    Ms. Kellen. Not offhand, but I am sure it has happened in other situations. But, in general, we do not get to see the IG reports on these matters.    Ms. Kellen. In one instance, I was told that they use the authority because it takes so long to get an SESer in place and that this was a fast, easy way to get a manager in there.    But I also think that there is, at least in some places, a culture of, frankly, nepotism-like behavior, whether they have people that they know of, buddies from before, that they want to get into some sweet position that they can just kind of slip them in and let them do their thing.    Ms. Kellen. They are not protected, really. They are protected by management, but they shouldn't be protected, because they are term appointments. So it should be very easy to remove them, yet they do not.    Ms. Kellen. I want the Administrator to do what the head of VA recently did and go to us, the unions, and work with us so that we can identify the problems. Because we know where they lie, and we will be very careful about not identifying people who are not the problem. We will identify the problems, and they need to address them.