    Mr. Ryan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Several of the issues you talked about I would be happy to work with you on. I think that would be great and I will even come to your district and spend time with you because I am sure that would benefit you politically as well for you to be with me in your district. Mr. Smith, before we get into the deep policy, as a member from Ohio and an Ohio State football fan, I want to say I am sorry about your loss on Saturday. I am sorry Mr. Cole is not here to share with him the Ohio State-Oklahoma game.    Several questions I have because I really think that there are some issues here that we should be able to hammer out. I think that every member--and when I was not here I was watching in the back--has made some really good points on college costs, making sure the Pell grants that we send down to the schools actually hit home and actually reverberate in the household and increase or lessen the dependence that families are spending on some of these programs. The student loan issue is a huge one. And I think there does need to be some controls on our colleges with us just sending them money and tuition keeps going up, and I will say it as a Democrat, the bureaucracy of the universities growing in a way that is not as focused.    And maybe we do need to look at how schools in States can focus on specialties. I want to give Dr. Spriggs a minute to talk about the higher education costs because I know that it has been brought up and I want to give you a minute to just kind of express your opinion about what has been stated with the panel so far.    Mr. Ryan. Right, and I appreciate that and I think that is a great point, Mr. Chairman. This is a great hearing, and I think that is a great point. So we need to sit down and figure out how, because only 20 percent of the people are using it. It is the high 20 percent end. People have got some money--is distorting the market, and we send money that is distorting in its own way. We are trying to help kids, but it is not getting to exactly where we want it to get. So I appreciate that and I agree with you with 1,000 percent.    Because I only have 40 seconds left, I think this model in Europe is a good one. I think what Germany does is great. I think we need to get kids on a track, starting as early as possible, and that means stem education. That means home economics 2.0. That means workshop 2.0 in our high schools that are gone, to get kids on a track to go into the trades; to get a skill, so when they are 18 years old, they are not living in our basements because they do not know what to do or they end up, worst-case scenario, like you said, Dr. Lindsay, both in debt, and not with a college degree.    But that is going to take us sitting down. They are doing it in South Carolina because they have so many German companies that have moved into South Carolina. They are starting to implement this model. This is something that is not heavy lifting for us to create some incentives, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ryan. And I hope, because I know you are an open-minded guy.    Mr. Ryan. Let's do this.    Mr. Ryan. Let's do this, even though I am complimenting you, I cannot get more time? No?    Mr. Ryan. I want a change of the rules here.