    Mr. Black. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for your focus on this important issue.    Mr. Black. Thank you for your focus on this important issue. CCIA members and our industry are directly impacted by barriers to international data flow, as are many other industry sectors that utilize our services. CCIA members alone generate revenues in excess of $540 billion, and employ over 750,000 workers. International data flows are critical to U.S. economic interests. While the top Internet brands are American-based, the majority of their users are abroad. And increasingly, our most important exports are access to platforms and provision of services. Internet platforms uniquely empower businesses to participate in the global economy.    Small businesses in the U.S. would be the biggest winners if we can eliminate digital trade barriers. This is not a zero-sum game, but a win-win one. Global citizens and economies would also benefit if other governments eliminate digital trade barriers, which effectively lock their own citizens out of the 21st century economy.    U.S. policies have not adequately adapted to the new reality. We excel at the export of bits, but under current trade rules, countries can far more easily block bits than bananas. While TPP begins to make progress on digital trade, the situation worsens faster than U.S. policy can respond. We must do more. We should bring trade cases against countries who block bits.    Unless the trade system meaningfully responds to Internet trade barriers, our industries have little to gain from the trade agenda. Five issues must be prioritized: Internet blocking; forced localization; intermediary liability; balanced copyright; and data protection. TPP should make progress on blocking and forced localization, but the problem is worsening. A third of the world's 3 billion-plus Internet users live where social media or messaging apps have been blocked, and adoption of forced localization policies abroad keeps accelerating.    Sensible intermediary liability rules are essential. Internet businesses have thrived here because of carefully-crafted legal safe harbors, but foreign liability rules frequently favor domestic plaintiffs. Foreign courts often shoot the messenger when users express unfavorable views online about government, royalty, or national heroes. This has to change.    Particularly troubling is so-called EU right to be forgotten. European data regulators are prohibiting online services from simply linking to published news accounts about individuals. Some have even prohibited linking to stories that reported on these cases, and have even demanded removal of such links worldwide. If foreign officials punish U.S. companies, for pointing U.S. citizens to lawfully published news articles, we must stand up for free trade and free speech.    Another barrier for digital exports is unbalanced copyright. We have failed to export strong copyright limitations along with strong protections. Thus, we are seeing demands for snippet taxes to be paid for the privilege of quoting news. Such taxes on U.S. services subsidize foreign news publishers and violate international law. Since U.S. policy hasn't made them a priority, we're seeing such laws metastasize in Spain, Germany, and elsewhere.    Finally, data protection barriers are a problem. Recently, the EU Court of Justice, as my colleagues have mentioned, struck down the Safe Harbor framework. This has been used by thousands of U.S. companies to lawfully transfer data between Europe and the U.S. This decision forces thousands of businesses to find alternative tools to ensure they can lawfully transfer data from the EU. Current alternatives are costly, piecemeal, and difficult to implement for all companies, especially smaller ones. It is essential that a Safe Harbor framework be implemented promptly.    For the Internet to flourish as a tool for innovation, expression, and commerce, we must commit to showing that users worldwide continue to have confidence in the services of U.S. Internet companies. Passage of the U.S. Freedom Act was a step in the right direction, as will be the hoped-for passage of the Judicial Redress Act. Our domestic policies must also reinforce our own commitment to the free flow of data. For example, since cross-border access to competitive telecommunications is essential to facilitating the free flow of data, eliminating bottlenecks in U.S. telecom networks via proceedings, such as FCC's current special access reform review will enhance our global credibility.    In conclusion, our economy's future is intertwined with the Internet, but threats to Internet commerce proliferate. We must prioritize protecting this vital part of U.S. commerce. Thank you.    Mr. Black. My colleagues have been very articulate. Let me just stress that we are in a new era, and digital trade, if we want to make a metaphor back to original trade, blocking a Web site, doing various kinds of barriers or like blocking a port, and the openness of the trading system and going forward is so much tied to data and digital activity.    And Ms. Espinel is absolutely right. We need--our laws are based on historical outdated concepts of what trade is about. And we really need to see--and that's why we call for some precedent-setting efforts in the WTO to bring some cases to start relaying some criteria and ground rules for how the problem should be dealt with.    Mr. Black. Thank you very much for the question. Barriers to international trade data flows are a problem that we all talked about how important the economy of the future is.    Mr. Black. We look at what made our society, what in the U.S. law has worked to help build our industry. Part of it is the balanced copyright. We have a very important, well-developed, well-refined system that provides both strong copyright protection and significant limitations and exceptions. That is a key to the health and vitality of what has allowed the Internet to flourish here.    And we believe it is, likewise, and it is appropriate, for the U.S. Government as we try to persuade others in the world to have strong copyrights, that they also reflect the boundaries and limitations that have proved so important to the ability of Internet and Internet companies to flourish.    Mr. Black. Maybe I'm not----    Mr. Black. Yes, that's correct.    Mr. Black. I would just suggest, weaker is the wrong terminology. A strong system is a balanced one. Just the same way as a three-legged stool versus a two-legged stool. The fact that you have balance and limitations in your system makes it stronger, not weaker.    Mr. Black. If I could just jump in briefly. I think we are all on agreement an MLAT and LEADS. To understand the complexity and why we have to be careful, whether it's EU or us, trying to come up with the solution, the answer of is data owned or located, a conversation among the five of us, if we were sitting in different countries and it was a video capture of that, it would, in fact, be stored around the globe on different servers, be in the cloud. So do each of us own it? To what rights do the others have to stop it, block it, disseminate it? We get into very complex issues.    We believe we can find answers, but quick, easy, simple answers in this area is very difficult. Ownership of data is a very tricky concept, and trying to precisely identify--the Microsoft case is very interesting because they've identified that the data has a location. A lot of people view the data they have on their servers disseminated through multiple servers, partly for security purposes.    So the answers--the questions here are very tricky. The answers need collaborative between governments, multiple governments and private sector players to come up with solutions, which is why we're nervous about imposed solutions, kind of rigidly applied in a regionally-limited area.    Mr. Black. Thank you. Very good points. Frankly, the world looks at what we do, not just what we say. If we're going to be a moral leader for an open, free Internet, we need to walk the walk as well as talk the talk. And those are all areas where we need to do more.    Without a doubt, I should point out there was a story that appeared today about the United Kingdom that just basically--apparently it was either finally passed, or very close to passing, a requirement that companies turn over--or have encryption that can be broken. That would be a terrible precedent, and the U.K. does it. Other countries are doing----    Mr. Black. We're the only ones that do some things. Governments want to have access to information that's global.    Mr. Black. Well, as I tried to indicate, it's a very troubling concept. And when you think about it, if it becomes an established precedent, and we are seeing other countries in other parts of the world are considering similar versions, it is an amazing shield for basically hiding data, distorting history, limiting the ability to prevent, frankly, honest information transfer. We talked about ``data,'' and we all use ``data,'' and it's important we do, but we're talking about information and knowledge, and the ability to block information and knowledge, to block people's ability to communicate part of communication is getting information. It's a very serious precedent.    And unless it is whittled down, and we find some way to back off of its broad reach--I mentioned the editorial aspect that's exceptionally troubling, but frankly, even if you don't go to that step, the breadth of the concept of the right to be forgotten, the ability--and we all want database to be cleaned up of erroneous fact, but, again, it is, once again, imposing a liability on players, intermediaries, that is fundamentally a flaw, and you can do it on--for so many purposes. You can----    Mr. Black. And we had this discussion earlier, but if you have intermediaries liable for what users do, or for what information or data that flows over the networks, you will have a crippling of the open Internet as we know it today.    Mr. Black. This is an excellent area for action to actually be taken by the U.S. Government. Under the Berne Convention, okay, it is very clear there is a right in order to basically have access to news. We think if the U.S. Government wishes to, some of these snippet tax approaches are, in fact, challengeable under existing law. We all want--we've all said we want to improve the rules governing data flow around the world, but there are some rules that are in effect now that are not being utilized. And in this area, we think there's room for action immediately to go after some of these more egregious attempts to, frankly, alter the rules of access to information.    Mr. Black. I think it's an intriguing idea. I agree it should get some serious considerations, look at the ramifications. I hate to use metaphors I haven't thought out ahead of time. But, you know, when we talk about the oceans, we have territorial waters, and then we have the open sea. And it may well be there's a certain appropriateness here to think of things that are not--should not be geographically, and therefore, governmentally tied to one Nation. I would like to explore that more.    Mr. Black. Very short.    Mr. Black. Very short. A lot of consensus I think you heard today. The reality is that we're going to have a lot of these problems linger for a while. There are no easy solutions. The Internet is a tremendous part of our future. I would--I guess I would urge, as a U.S. citizen, that we had a huge role in creating the Internet. We have a tremendous history and essential one to the First Amendment, freedom of speech, as we go forth and set rules domestically or internationally, that we keep it to a forefront of our principles, that commitment to openness, the freedom to access information, and that has, frankly, created a climate that has allowed the Internet to flourish.    If we do that, we're gonna still have a lot of problems to wade through, but keeping our eyes on that fundamental set of principles will lead the way. Thank you.