    Mr. Mason. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My name is Kent Mason. I am a partner with the law firm of Davis & Harman and I have worked in the employee benefits area for over 30 years.    I want to thank the subcommittee for inviting me here to testify. I am testifying today on my own behalf based on extensive discussions with plan sponsors as well as numerous financial institutions.    Before turning to the meat of my testimony, I want to mention three key points. And this first one echoes, I think, what you have said here, Mr. Chairman.    The industry is absolutely fine with a best-interest standard and has been for the past four and a half years, you know? I mean, every time somebody says, well, now, there is concern from the industry, there hasn't been for four and a half years.    The concern has always related to the prohibited transaction rules. And these are the rules that make certain business models effectively illegal, such as the brokerage model; and those are the business models that provide assistance to low- and middle-income individuals and to small businesses. So that has been the issue for four and a half years and it has really not been addressed.    The second point I want to hit is, even aside from the advice issue, we have had a lot of talk this morning about education. I just want to make one thing clear. The 2015 proposal significantly cuts back on permissible financial investment education. 2010 preserved financial education; 2015 explicitly cuts back permissible financial education.    And that leads to the third point I want to hit before going to the meat of my testimony, which is I think there has been a perception that this has been an evolution. That we took the 2010 proposal and we sort of updated it and made some progress and we got to 2015 and we are going to make some more progress.    In actuality, there is a growing consensus among the industry that the 2015 proposal, and this is detailed in my written testimony, is actually much worse and much less workable than the 2010 proposal. So the trend line is going in a disturbing direction.    In the meat of my testimony, I would like to focus on two points: the effect of the re-proposal on small accounts, small IRA accounts, and the critical need for legislation.    Small accounts, there are two ways that IRA accounts can get assistance. One is the brokerage model with commissions paid and payments from the mutual funds, such as marketing fees or record keeping fees.    As I explain in detail in my written testimony, as a practical matter the proposal makes the brokerage model illegal. So really, that model is off the table.    The second way to provide investment assistance is through something called an advisory model. Now, if somebody comes to me and says I want to enter into an advisory relationship, what I owe that person is 24/7/365 fiduciary responsibility. I owe them around-the-clock fiduciary responsibility.    In exchange for that, what I get is a flat fee like 1 percent of pay. And that 1 percent of pay, the problem is that structure won't work for small accounts. Because if somebody comes to me with a $4,000 IRA, I can't provide around-the-clock, 365-day service for $40 for 1 percent of pay. So that is not available to small accounts.    Oliver Wyman found that because of this analysis, just under their study sample, over 7 million IRAs would lose access to an investment professional and as many as 360,000 fewer IRAs would be opened every year.    And a lot of the reaction to this has been, well, industry will never walk away, they will never walk away from this market. But that is exactly what happened in the United Kingdom under almost an identical rule. The industry went away from small accounts in droves.    And then the question is, when would this happen? Under the current structure, under the current timetable from the Department of Labor, millions of small accounts would be told in the fall of 2016 that their investment adviser can no longer serve them because of new government regulations. October, September of 2016, that is the message that would be delivered.    And just to wrap up, what we need here is bipartisan legislation that establishes a best-interest standard with workable rules, not the unworkable rules that are in this proposal.    Mr. Mason. Yes. I think just on your last point, a lot of the horror stories that we hear that are really just upsetting to hear and, you know, are illegal under current law; so, I mean, so in terms of is this a structural flaw of present law, some of these horror stories, absolutely not. A lot of these things are illegal under current law.    The only thing that I got out of it, and you know, I don't speak obviously for the Secretary, but the thing that I got out of it today was the core principle that advisers should act in the best interests of their clients. And that is an issue in which there is, you know, in terms of the people who have spoken both up there and back here, there has been unanimity.    The one disagreement is essentially that they have come up with this exemption from the prohibited transaction rules that you have to go through in order to provide help to small accounts, I talk to dozens of financial institutions and there isn't one who can use it.    So the issue they are either trying to correct, best interest, that is fine; the way they went about it doesn't work.    Mr. Mason. Well, I am not in the business, but different financial institutions set different minimums in terms of how much they will require for an advisory account like that. Some of them, for example, are $100,000 or $50,000.    In order to accept 365-day liability and responsibility, you really can't do it for $40. It is not economically sound.    Mr. Mason. I am sorry, go ahead.    Mr. Mason. No, no, see, actually not because under the brokerage model what happens is it is a completely different relationship. Suppose I have to act in the best interest, but I am on the brokerage model. And Jack were to come to me and ask me for help. I could give him help on that particular transaction, but I would have no ongoing duty to counsel him with respect to what to do tomorrow or the next day.    That is a transactional model that has worked very well to help the low- and middle-income individuals on a much less expensive basis get the assistance they need. So it is a completely different model. And that is why the advisory model doesn't work.    Mr. Mason. Absolutely. In other words, again, Jack comes to me and asks me for my advice under our sort of scenario and under the Department of Labor's, you would have to give advice that is in the best interests and we would support that, absolutely.    Mr. Mason. Ninety-eight percent of the IRAs under $25,000 are held in brokerage accounts. So the damage that would be done to the small investor is incalculable; 98 percent of the IRAs under $25,000.    Mr. Mason. I think that what happened was back in 2010 they thought that, well, these rules are out of date. And I think that the one piece that was really overlooked in this calculation was essentially, and again, I hate to use this term, but the prohibited transaction rules, they are also out of date.    Mr. Mason. Because it is those rules that prohibit the brokerage model from functioning. And so what happened is they updated one piece of it and updated it in a way in which we have very grave concerns about. And then they really haven't updated the prohibited transaction rules and those are the rules that cut off low- and middle-income individuals and small businesses from help.    So if they could update those to accommodate the new system, that is how we can achieve the best of both worlds, a best-interest standard with workable rules that allow access to low- and middle-income individuals.    Mr. Mason. I don't think the industry has any concerns about updating a rule to ensure a broader best-interest standard. We are absolutely fine with that. It is really if that is going to be the case, we absolutely have to update the prohibited transaction rules to make them workable for the world that does exist today. Because right now, this would, just as you said, I mean, this would be a terrible development for the small accounts and the small businesses.    Mr. Mason. I think we agree.    Mr. Mason. I am happy unless you want to--    Mr. Mason. Okay. I am happy to do it. Briefly, it is going to be a challenge because what it is there is a long, long list of requirements that essentially are unworkable. I will give you one example.    I think there was a great discussion this morning on the contract rule about how you have to enter into a contract before you even enter into a relationship and then the secretary indicated openness to sort of work on that.    Mr. Mason. But I will mention one other that was mentioned by one of the members here this morning, which is one of the disclosures is to provide detailed information on every piece of direct and indirect compensation earned by the adviser, the financial institution and every affiliate on every single asset that could be purchased by any retirement investor in the country.    Well, there are thousands and thousands of different mutual funds.    Mr. Mason. Did you want to say something?    Mr. Mason. Yes, I apologize.    Mr. Mason. But that is one of, say, 10 things.    Mr. Mason. Go ahead.    Mr. Mason. For example, every participant in an entire plan, so if you have 100,000 participants in a plan, every single participant would have access to the information that is stored.