    Mr. Alexander. Thank you, Chairwoman Foxx, Ranking Member Hinojosa, and all the members of the subcommittee, for inviting me to testify today.    I am a product of a single-parent household, and when I was young my mother aspired for me to attend college one day. As I came to the end of my senior year in high school, I thought I was prepared to enter college and compete with the rest of the students who were entering higher education institutions that year.    However, I soon learned that college was much more challenging than my high school was. I was fortunate, however, to be recruited by a college success program that provided me with a summer bridge experience, academic support services, and the guidance that I needed to succeed; 4 years later I completed my bachelor's degree and later went on to earn my master's and doctorate in the sociology of education.    So I can attest to the fact that if it were not for the support of these programs and the encouragement of my mother, of course, and extended family, I would not be here today sharing testimony with this committee.    Let me share with you a model student academic support program that I oversee at UCLA. The Academic Advancement Program, AAP, has been in existence since 1971. It is a multiracial, multiethnic academic program that advocates access, equity, and opportunity, and excellence in its students.    AAP students represent about 23 percent of the UCLA student body, which is about 24,000 undergraduates. It is a comprehensive support program that provides integrated services, setting the highest standards for them; promoting academic, personal, and programmatic excellence; and building communities of shared learning.    AAP is supported by a mixture of state, federal, and foundation funding. State funding represents the majority of our overall budget. Included in my written testimony you will see the funding sources and types.    A significant number of AAP students come from low-income families, are eligible for Pell Grants, and are in the first in their family to attend college; 63 percent are from historically underrepresented communities.    Each summer, AAP runs a rigorous, academic, 6-week, residential program for 400 entering freshmen and transfers. This is approximately 12 percent of the 34,000 students who are eligible for the program. Students take two to three university courses, and the summer bridge program could enroll more if additional funding were available.    AAP also provides peer-facilitated learning communities based on a dialogical pedagogy, collaborative learning workshops, academic personal counseling, innovative science programs, and scholarships. AAP has a comprehensive mentoring program that encourages all students to prepare for graduate and professional schools, and provides resources to support this end.    AAP also oversees a federally funded TRIO program, the Ronald E. McNair Scholars Program. Twenty-three of the first 33 McNair scholars are enrolled in graduate programs.    Over the past 10 years, AAP has responded to a growing number of eligible transfer students. AAP's work with its transfer students has resulted in a dramatic increase in their 4-year graduation rates, from 61 percent 15 years ago to 83 percent today.    We push our students to use all the university resources. College Honors is a nationally renowned program that provides students the organization and environment within which to pursue individual excellence. The percentage of AAP students in Honors has increased from 4 percent in the early 1990s to 17 percent today.    Another campus partner that we work closely with is the Program for Excellence in Education and Research in the Sciences, otherwise known as PEERS. PEERS is a primary retention program for entering underrepresented life and physical science students. Since its inception in 2003, 340 students have completed the PEERS program and 84 percent have graduated with UCLA science degrees.    Engagement in PEERS clearly improves academic success and retention in science, eliminating the achievement gap for URM students in science. Many of our graduates go on and earn Ph.D.s, go to professional school.    We have exchanged ideas with a number of universities across the country, including the University of Michigan, Maryland, Cal Berkeley, Cal Irvine, University of Texas, and international universities, such as Vrije University in Amsterdam, the University of Rwanda, and the University of Johannesburg. We have been hosted by visitors from Australia, Great Britain, South Korea, the Netherlands, South Africa, and many other countries.    A tenet of our AAP's philosophy that has resulted in spectacular graduation rates is the belief that when students work in the program to promote the success of other students, they gain the self-confidence and self-respect that propels them to graduate. By employing AAP students as tutors and as peer counselors, we set up a model of academic achievement that promotes the values of giving back to the community.    Most AAP students employees are paid with work study and institutional funds, and 100 percent of these students graduate. A 100 percent graduate rate is AAP's goal for all of its students.    Let me close by thanking Chairwoman Foxx, Ranking Member Hinojosa, and the other members of the subcommittee today for the opportunity to appear before you. I am happy to answer any questions at any time.    Thank you.    Mr. Alexander. Thank you for that question.    One of the programs that we conduct at UCLA is called the Vice Provost Initiative for Pre-College Scholars. It is a cohort program that works with eight high schools, and basically what happens is students are recruited after their ninth grade year and they are part of a cohort that enters the university during the summers--2 weeks during--between their sophomore and junior year, 5 weeks, between their junior and senior year.    And the idea is to provide them this college readiness, this preparation, these workshops, in collaboration with their parents, so their parents partner in this pathway that we have created for these students to enter to the university. These students have been highly successful.    Many have gone to other schools besides UCLA, though we try to recruit them, but they have been highly successful to the extent that the program was funded by a huge foundation grant, but now we are seeking institutional funding for the program itself. The students also receive a scholarship from the university--those who enroll in UCLA--a 4-year scholarship to help them with matriculating towards a degree.    Mr. Alexander. Chairwoman Foxx, there are some glitches in some of the TRIO regulation that keeps us from doing some of the things that we do with some of the other programs. Certainly, you know, some of the requirements of TRIO programs are pretty specific as relates to activities, and some of the things that we do with other programs allows us to use more discretionary funding to enrich students' academic backgrounds.    And so that is probably the one area in which we have had some challenges, but other than that, you know, our program has been quite successful.    We have actually had a student support services program in the past, as well, and some of the technicalities around that, particularly with the prior experience points, sometimes can be quite challenging, so--    Chairwoman Foxx. In the very short time I have left, could you talk a little bit about your--the unique experiences of working with transfer students?    Mr. Alexander. Certainly. We actually have a Center for Community College Partnerships that works with 24 community colleges in the L.A. Basin, and the idea behind that is to send students who have transferred into UCLA back to their home institutions to help other students with the application and college readiness process.    We also have a Transfer Alliance Program, which our faculty and our administrators work with community college faculty in terms of getting their courses up to par so that students actually can have transferrable courses that count towards a degree when they enter the university. So it has been a longstanding collaborative experience for us.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much.    Mr. Jeffries, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Alexander. In the 10 minutes--10 seconds that I have, actually 7, I agree with Dr. Perna that early preparation is key. Early preparation, K-12, is critical in terms of preparation for these careers that you are mentioning.