    Ms. Kastrup. Vice Chair Walberg, Ranking Member Connolly, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify on the issue of examining premium increases for long-term care insurance.    My name is Laurel Kastrup. I am an actuary specializing in long-term care insurance and financing. I am representing the American Academy of Actuaries. The Academy is a nonpartisan professional association representing the actuarial profession. Our mission is to serve the public and the U.S. actuarial profession. We do this by providing independent and objective actuarial information, analysis, and education to help in the formation of sound public policy.    I would like to start by emphasizing the importance of actuarial input when considering the design and evaluation of any potential long-term care policy approach. Actuaries are uniquely qualified, according to our professional standards. Qualified long-term care actuaries play a crucial role in the design of long-term care financing systems, from private long-term care insurance to public programs that provide long-term care benefits.    Actuaries have specialized expertise in managing the risk of adverse selection in insurance coverage. We have the ability to recognize and incorporate uncertainty into cost projections and premiums. We also have experience in evaluating the long-term solvency and sustainability of public and private insurance programs. The Academy recently developed an issue brief to highlight important underlying factors affecting long-term care insurance premium rate increases. Without long-term care insurance, many more people would exhaust their savings on care costs and then potentially rely on public programs such as Medicaid for their additional care needs.    Long-term care insurance requires a long projection period with assumptions extending over 50 years into the future, which creates a high level of uncertainty. The premium rates needed to ultimately be sufficient are also affected by changing circumstances, such as changing service providers, for example the growth of assisted living facilities; changes in incidents of Alzheimer's disease; the effects of mortality improvement in the population; and changes in family composition reducing availability of caregivers.    Determining premium increases is a relatively straightforward mathematical calculation. However, determining projection assumptions can be difficult. Actual historical experience that are sufficiently credible is needed to justify the future assumptions used in projections. With long-term care insurance, it can take a long time from the purchase of a policy until the first time a claim is submitted. This means that for a relatively young group of policy forms, there is often little claims experience to justify premium rate increases based on those forms alone.    Actuaries are required by actuarialstandards of practice to use alternative data sources, such as experience from the insurance companies older, similar policy forms or public data for identifying reasonable assumptions. Waiting until there is adequate claim information on each policy form can result in much larger, less affordable rate increases.    Insurers have routinely allowed insureds to reduce coverage by changing benefit options in order to help offset some or all of the rate increase. In an effort to enable policyholders faced with a rate increase to retain significant coverage, some companies have started making available an option for policyholders to avoid the rate increase by reducing their future automatic built-in inflation increases.    In closing, I want to mention that I understand that these premium rate increases can affect families. My own personal experience with long-term care insurance was that my grandpa had a policy. It had a small daily benefit. He gave up the inflation option to avoid rate increases. When he moved into an assisted living facility, his long-term care insurance policy, along with his income from Social Security was enough to make the cost affordable for him.    Predicting future policyholder and service provider types and availability can be difficult. This uncertain future makes it important that there is a way to take corrective action. The more conservative assumptions used in today's pricing of private long-term care insurance and the improved speed at taking corrective action should improve future projections resulting in fewer and smaller rate increases.    I, again, thank you for the opportunity to be here today with you and share the recent analysis by the American Academy of Actuaries on long-term care insurance. I would be happy to answer any questions.    Ms. Kastrup. I'm not an expert in all of those areas. Very few actuaries would cover all three of those areas. You know, it depends on the pricing structure. It depends on how the products were sold. So it would vary by carrier as well, whether it was sold with an agent or not. And so there's not really a guideline I can give on that, but I could research that and come back.    Ms. Kastrup. I'm not a casualty actuary. I don't practice in car insurance.    Ms. Kastrup. With long-term care insurance.    Ms. Kastrup. I myself do not have a policy, no.    Ms. Kastrup. Like I said, it would vary by carrier because it depends on how the product is sold and what costs go into it, whether it's a group policy or an individual policy. There's a lot of different factors that go into that. I don't know right offhand, but I could look into it and get back to you.    Ms. Kastrup. It would depend on your----    Ms. Kastrup. Thank you. I think I also mentioned that it's a long projection period and any time you have a projection period, like a 50-year projection period, you're always going to add more uncertainty as you spread that out. I do think we have more stability and assumptions than we did in the initial years. Every new bit of experience, more bit of credibility gives us a better basis to project out.    I don't think we'll ever have perfect--we don't have perfect in life insurance, and we've been doing that a lot longer than long-term care insurance.    Ms. Kastrup. Well, one of the issues that makes that hard is that care delivery has changed a lot from the initial policies. If you think about it, the initial policies were sold as nursing home insurance and the thought being no one wants to go to a nursing home. And, you know, assisted living facilities didn't even exist. Today, there's assisted living facilities. There's home care, and the policies cover these as well, even though they were maybe not even around when the policy was written. And so it would be hard to ever foresee future care delivery changes and know those perfectly, but we can get a lot better feel on things like mortality, mortality improvement, some of those assumptions.    Ms. Kastrup. There's a lot of assumptions, and some of them we will have more certainty on and know more about. There will always be some things that we won't know.    Ms. Kastrup. I would like to jump in here and say that, you know, when the product was first priced, it was new. It was a new product. So you had to look at other things, like population data, because there was no insured data. And you had to look at other products.    I'll give an analogy. It's that time of year. College football, if you think about the preseason top 10 football polls, it's based on last year's teams. You don't really know. You're trying to project this year. You know, now that we're all into December, you have a lot more information, and that top 10 has changed. It's kind of a similar situation here. So we have a lot better data now.    Another thing to remember is the product was priced as a guaranteed renewable product, meaning that premium rates can be reset. If it had been priced as a product with level premiums that couldn't change, the initial prices would have been a lot higher to start with.