    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Professor Legomsky, you said how many different professors or attorneys specializing in immigration law felt that this was appropriate and constitutional?    Mr. Cohen. Do you know how many people in that similar class, although the class is hard to define, said it wasn't constitutional?    Mr. Cohen. So 135-to-3. That is even better than Kentucky usually gets in basketball against bad opponents.    Mr. Cohen. And you are a professor of immigration law, is that correct, for 30 years?    Mr. Cohen. And you have written a textbook that is in, what, 183 law schools? Is that correct?    Mr. Cohen. You are, indeed, the most expert person we have. These other folks are fine people, and they have done a lot of good work trying to say that Obamacare is unconstitutional, and a lot of work on health care law, and some work saying that Colorado shouldn't be able to legalize, even though Justice Brandeis talked about the laboratories of democracy, they shouldn't be able to do that.    But you are the expert, and none of these other folks have written textbooks on immigration law, lectured on immigration law. In fact, their main work has been on property law, constitutional law, and health law.    You believe this is 100 percent constitutional, do you not?    Mr. Cohen. Right.    Mr. Cohen. You are familiar with 6 USC 202? There is a clause there that says the Secretary shall, acting through the Undersecretary for Border and Transportation Security, shall be responsible for the following, and it gives eight items. Number five is establishing national immigration enforcement policies and priorities.    Does that not clearly give the Administration the authority to do what they did?    Mr. Cohen. And you were an attorney, also, I think for Immigration? Do you have any ballpark figure on how many dollars it would cost the taxpayers to hire enough attorneys and go through the proceedings to try to send those people out of the country?    Mr. Cohen. Millions of dollars.    Mr. Cohen. Could it----    Mr. Cohen. Astronomical is close to many millions. They are in the same ballpark.    Presidents Reagan and Bush the first did much similar to what President Obama has done, and you commented that, other than I think it was maybe Ms. Lee and it might have been Representative Nadler, other than the difference in parties, et cetera, how would you distinguish the reprisals that this President has gotten that those didn't? Why is this President different from all other Presidents?    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, sir.    I just want to make clear that, Professor Foley, I wasn't meaning anything about the U.T.-Kentucky game. They played a great first half. I was pulling for U.T. also, but Kentucky is just too much.    I yield back the balance of my time.