    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This past February NBC News reported that over 1,400 security badges were missing in Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport just over the last 2 years alone. Mr. Roth, could you briefly explain how TSA responds when some of these security badges turn up missing?    Mr. Hice. So you would say that the responsibility rests then with the airport, not with TSA?    Mr. Hice. Right, it ought to be a joint responsibility. And the airport--Atlanta airport was just the only airport reporting on that particular study, 1,400 badges missing in 2 years. How many would there be across the entire Nation?    Mr. Ron, just a yes or no type question regarding this, would you consider 1,400 just out of one airport security badges showing up missing a major security breach and a potential problem?    Mr. Hice. OK, my question, is this a security threat of significance that needs to be looked into, yes or no?    Mr. Hice. OK, all right. That's--because obviously we've got a major problem here. We've got badges that are missing, stolen for whatever reason, but to the tune of thousands across the country. And what I'm hearing from you, Mr. Roth, is there's really no--at least to your awareness--no policy to deal with this. And yet we've got a major potential security breach going on here of insider threats, really.    Assess the, real quickly, the vulnerability of insider threat?    Mr. Hice. All right. Let me go back to another situation in Atlanta, Mr. Roth, and I'll just continue with you. As we all know, there was a gun smuggling insider ring at the Atlanta airport that was discovered this last December. To your knowledge, has there been any changes in security checks and so forth since that gun smuggling ring was discovered?    Mr. Hice. Should there be changes?    Mr. Hice. All right. What changes would you suggest?    Mr. Hice. All right. What kind of--what needs to be done with verifying that those who have security badges do not have a criminal history?    Mr. Hice. How many background checks are there?    Mr. Hice. OK. So in that scenario, there would be one background check. Is there anything to protect the public from one of these individuals getting involved in criminal activity after they have already had the initial check?    Mr. Hice. Should there be?    Mr. Hice. I would ask you please to report back to our office on this type of thing. I would very much appreciate it.    Mr. Hice. Thank you.