    Ms. Norton. Let me say the point that the gentleman from Alaska was making is that there is no requirement that there be a member of the public, or a consumer, on the board. There may be, but a President may decide that, ``With all these experts on the board, I better make sure that I have my own expert.'' So there is no requirement. That could have been in the bill.    Mr. Rinaldi went down a list of problems with which I could not be more sympathetic, but they are congressionally inflicted problems: sequester and shutdown and the appropriation process. So what we have in this bill is that the FAA, not the Congress, should change. And the frustration with the Congress--and, for that matter, even with NextGen--is well placed, although we see some movement on NextGen.    So, I want to say I appreciate how the chairman has reached out to the minority so that there are provisions in here with which I agree. And I understand the frustration. And I don't believe that there is any case to be made for the problem--FAA. I really don't. But its dysfunction does not make the case for this proposal.    What is most surprising to me--because I am trying to find out how this would work in practice--what is most surprising to me is how it encourages litigation. The last thing I would have expected from my friends on the other side is a system that said, ``Hey, sue me if you don't like it,'' and that is essentially--and I want to ask you about this--that is essentially what I think it says.    If the Secretary--you can go to the Secretary. If the Secretary disagrees, and you can't reach some agreement, then somebody has got to bring a court suit. So it goes to another part of our separation-of-powers system that is the judiciary, which is the slowest, and the framers made it the slowest on purpose. I am trying to find out how this thing would work. How does this creature work?    For example, there is a problem in this region, the District of Columbia/Maryland/Virginia, of unbearable noise. So we go to the FAA. Actually, they have some powers. They can issue rules. There are things they can do. I don't like the fact that there is not a firewall between them--that gets into legal technicalities.    So how would this work? Is there rulemaking power here? Does it have the same presumption of--that unless it is arbitrary, it goes into effect? Because that is how the courts operate it when it is an agency. So how does it work?    I am a member of the public that can't stand this noise. Actually, that is the case all over America now. Would somebody tell me how I get this Corporation to respond to that consumer problem that is now plaguing all parts of the United States?    Ms. Norton. Somebody speak up.    Ms. Norton. My question is how would this----    Ms. Norton. How would one get from this body a remedy for this problem? I am asking----    Ms. Norton. Rulemaking authority? I am asking----    Ms. Norton. I am giving that as an example.    Ms. Norton. Mr. Chairman, only because that is in my district--I am trying to ask how the public addresses this agency. I know how it addresses the FAA. I know how the FAA communicates the rulemaking, et cetera. I am trying to find--suppose it is with NextGen, whatever they are doing. How do I approach this agency, and how do the courts respond?    Ms. Norton. I would be pleased to yield to the gentleman.    Ms. Norton. That is what I am trying to find--I was just trying to find out the mechanism. I know how I approach the     Ms. Norton. I don't know how I would approach this entity.    Ms. Norton. Well, you know, they might issue a rule. Can they issue a rule? Can this entity issue a rule?    Ms. Norton. You see, Mr. Chairman, then we still have them mixed together, and the public doesn't know, really, to whom do I go to get, for example, a NextGen remedy.    You know, most of the noise is NextGen--is a NextGen problem. And if it is this entity that is going to revise NextGen, I would think I should go to them to talk to them.