    Mr. Inselbuch. Yes.    Mr. Inselbuch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The Committee press release says, the ``FACT Act reduces fraud in the asbestos bankruptcy system through increased transparency measures.'' The Committee has been led to believe there is fraud. Presumably claims are being paid by trusts based on false information, depleting the pool of funds available for legitimate claimants.    Nothing could be further from the truth. I know. Unlike these other witnesses, my work involves regular interaction with many asbestos trusts. No one, certainly not any of these witness, has provided a listing of any such fraudulently paid claims.    Who is telling you this and asking you to help the trusts help themselves and their victims? Not one trust or trustee, not one victims group, not one victim. There are real victims sitting behind me in this room today. Ask them how this bill would help them. No, this bill comes through the United States Chamber of Commerce on behalf of the asbestos companies and their insurers. They presume on your goodwill here and are selling a false bill of goods.    Increased so-called transparency is apparently only a one-way imperative for asbestos corporations because nothing in the act would require asbestos defendants to provide transparency for all the settlements that they demand be held confidential and hidden from public view. Presumably, asbestos defendants do not want asbestos victims to know what they paid to other victims to resolve their conduct.    And whose private information becomes public? Thousands of your constituents, many aging veterans, who might prefer the world not know who they are, where they live, that they are sick, that they have recently resolved a claim, and are in possession of funds. And who pays for this transparency? The victims themselves. As Mr. Campbell's letter attests, ``Compliance with this act will cost the trust millions of dollars each year on Section A alone, with no possible estimate for Section B.'' Mr. Scarcella disagrees, but he has never worked at any of the trusts in question, and his long-ago experiences at the Manville trust hardly qualifies him to contradict the people who will actually do the work.    A word about double dipping. Mr. Vari and his defense colleagues are insulting the intelligence of those members who have law degrees, and presuming on the ignorance of the tort law of those who do not. First, it is imperative that the Committee Members understand this point. Each trust only pays its respective defendant's share of the harm caused to a victim, meaning that there is absolutely no opportunity to double dip because each trust and each settling defendant in the tort system only pays for their portion of the harm caused. No one defendant or trust pays for the harm caused by another trust or defendant.    Also, as the tort law makes clear, an injured person can sue and collect from each and every person or entity who culpably caused that injury. Asbestos victims are individuals exposed during their employment history to dozens of asbestos-containing products, and recover from each and every entity responsible. Typically, over 99 percent of the time, all the claims are settled with tort system defendants and with trusts. What the victim receives is the total sum of those settlements, and there is no standard by which to measure how well or how poorly compensated he or she has been.    Only in the very rare circumstance that a case goes to verdict has a victim been compensated in full. Mr. Vari knows about cases like this, at least in New York where his client, Crane Company, went to verdict and was found not only liable, but recklessly so. And only after such a verdict has been paid to a victim, and, of course, the jury finding is always reduced by any settlement amounts already received by the victim, if a victim then sought and obtained recovery from a trust, could there be even a possibility of so-called double dipping. But this does not ever happen because after satisfaction of the rare verdict, the defendant steps into the shoes of the victim and can on its own behalf pursue any unpaid trust claims.    So why are we here? If the act will not force the trust savings, and if no trust or victims group wants this, who does and why? I can only surmise that the bill sponsors believe by trumping long-developed State law and obtaining information on hundreds of thousands of their victims, asbestos corporations will be able to pay less for the injuries and deaths they have caused. You should not help them. Thank you.    Mr. Inselbuch. No.    Mr. Inselbuch. I have not had an opportunity to look at the specific timeline, but I certainly agree with the set of facts that you have recited. Indeed the asbestos industry is the most outrageous example of corporate misconduct this country has ever seen.    Mr. Inselbuch. Well, as I said in my opening remarks, asbestos victims are exposed in the course of their employment to the products of dozens, if not hundreds, of culpable defendants. And they have a right to recover from each and every one of those defendants in the tort system or when they go bankrupt from their trusts. What the current defendants would have this Committee believe and the world believe is that somehow because the claimants are collecting from trusts, that somehow they are being overcompensated by the defendants in the tort system.    Mr. Inselbuch. Okay.    Mr. Inselbuch. Well, the design of these trusts would not permit that to happen.    Mr. Inselbuch. That is----    Mr. Inselbuch. Yes, and the trusts try very hard to prevent that from happening.    Mr. Inselbuch. But it is very difficult to predict the future with great accuracy.    Mr. Inselbuch. ``Transparency'' is a funny word. Mr. Vari says, well, the plaintiffs know what they know, and they do, but the plaintiff who knows about his settlement when he is a litigant does not know about the other fellow's settlement. And it is the other fellow's settlement and how much that was that would be of interest to that plaintiff, and that is what Mr. Vari and his clients do not want anybody to know about.    And, yes, the fact that there was a settlement, that goes on a docket someplace, but not the amount of the settlement. That is never disclosed, and it is never disclosed because the defendants do not want to disclose it. What they are trying to accomplish is to get from this Congress a kind of lending library of information about hundreds of thousands of trust claims filed. And in companion legislation throughout the States, they are trying to enact laws, and have been successful in some jurisdictions, that would require plaintiffs before they bring cases in the tort system to trial to first file and resolve their claims against the trusts.    This will shift a number of the values in how cases are resolved in the tort system and will reverse the rule that we have longstanding in the tort system that the plaintiff is the master of his case and decides who he sues, and who he settles with, and when. And the whole purpose of this is to get unreasonable reductions and delays in the tort system based upon this ironic request for transparency in the trust system.    I would also add, Mr. Brickman would like you to believe that the information that was so-called withheld from the Garlock defendant is information that the defendants in the tort system never have. Nothing could be farther from the truth. I suspect that Mr. Vari, who has been in the tort system for 25 years, has an extensive library on where any one of these tort system plaintiffs can collect from trusts just based on their work history. And if he does not, he can buy it from Mr. Scarcella, who sells it to the public based upon his ability with a computer to just plug in all of the places where trusts will pay, and cross-ref that with the work history of any one of these plaintiffs.    The defendants are not missing anything. They know everything. They want this list so that they can further prevent asbestos plaintiffs from pursuing their legitimate claims in the tort system, and they want to offset the plaintiffs' claims in the tort system with things they would not otherwise be entitled to.    Mr. Inselbuch. I do.    Mr. Inselbuch. Publishing the information about sick and dying people for no purpose at all, as the congressman pointed out, is really pointless. All you do is subject these people to inquiry, to ignominy, to charlatans who will try and take their money, and for what purpose? And it is not the same as the tort system. This would just be put on a court record.    In the tort system, if there is a reason why a plaintiff wants protection from exposure, there is a judge there. You can go to that judge and say do not describe this information about my sick or dying child. Do not describe this information. Do not publish it.    Mr. Inselbuch. I am sorry. I could not hear that.    Mr. Inselbuch. I disagree with that entirely.    Mr. Inselbuch. One thing has absolutely nothing to do with the other. There is no showing of any fraudulent claims. The whole distortion here is that somebody thinks that maybe somebody is pulling a fast one somewhere, and for that reason these defendants want you to provide them with information that the tort system----    Mr. Inselbuch. Well, every document that governs the trust's conduct is public. It is on a website. And every one of those documents was approved by a bankruptcy judge and a Federal district judge. So, there is no mystery about how the trust operates.    More than that, every trust's documents state for the public and for the defendants exactly what is required in order to recover from that trust. And in many cases, based on that information, unlike what Mr. Brickman would have you believe, everybody in the world can tell from any plaintiff's work history what trusts he can collect from.    Also about audits, there is no vacuum about the audits either. Indeed, the five largest trusts or five of the largest trusts that operate and have their claims processed in Delaware, when they do audits, the audits are, in fact, cross-ref'd, notwithstanding that Mr. Scarcella did not know that. They are cross-ref'd one against the other to ensure that the trusts are not being given inconsistent information in the claims filing process.    And finally, I would like Mr. Brickman to tell Judge Robert Parker, retired from the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, that he is the tool of the plaintiffs' bar. I would like to be in the room when that happens.    Mr. Inselbuch. First of all, to my knowledge, more than half of the claims that are filed with the trusts are not paid. So it seems that even though they pay very little attention to it, they seem to be figuring out whether or not the claims should be paid or not. The information that they get is very straightforward. It is not difficult for a mesothelioma victim to prove that they have mesothelioma. The doctors that treat them will certify to that, and, my god, God bless them, they do suffer.    Now, the next thing is, were they exposed to the defendants', the trusts' predecessors, asbestos? That is not difficult to prove either when you have the work history. The difference, though, sometimes that Mr. Brickman would like you to think is fraudulent is the worker 30 years ago when he worked in the factory, or in the shipyard, or in the ship's hole worked with product that did not have a label on it. So he said, yes, I work with insulation products, but he may not have known who made them. So when he is asked, as he is at a deposition or an interrogatory, did you work with Unibestos, he can say I do not know because he does not know.    If he wants to collect money from Unibestos, it is his lawyer's burden to prove to the court and the jury that that material that the plaintiff did not know who made it was, in fact, Unibestos from Pittsburgh-Corning. Once Unibestos is settled up, if Mr. Vari wants to show that the plaintiff was exposed to Unibestos, that becomes his burden, and it is his job to do it. And just saying that the plaintiff did not know it is not an answer to his burden.    Mr. Inselbuch. Well, I think that for many reasons, people that resolve tort cases, plaintiffs and defendants, have reasons for confidentiality. From the plaintiffs' standpoint, they might at least want to be free from charlatans who will come after them because they know they have come into a passel of money, if for no other reason. From the defendants' standpoint, they do not want anybody to know what they are paying and to whom they are paying it because they do not want to give additional information to plaintiffs. So whether we are in the tort system or in the trust system, there is a reason for confidentiality.    But in the tort system, the defendants are perfectly entitled to subpoena from the plaintiff what the plaintiff has filed with any trust, and they do it all the time, and they get it all the time.    Mr. Inselbuch. You mean who the trustees are?    Mr. Inselbuch. They are people selected by the litigants in the bankruptcy that includes the representatives of the plaintiffs, the futures representative, and the debtor, and they are approved by the bankruptcy court.    Mr. Inselbuch. And for the most part, they are retired Federal and State court judges.    Mr. Inselbuch. There are two fiduciaries appointed typically under these documents. One is a representative of the future claimants, and one is a representative of the present claimants, sometimes called the trust advisory committee.    Mr. Inselbuch. That committee consists of plaintiffs' lawyers. The futures claimants' representative and the trust advisory committee have the same rights under these documents. They have very little power. The trustees run these trusts. If the trustees want to amend the trust documents, in other words, change them from the way they were approved by the bankruptcy court, then they need, first, if they can get approval from the trust advisory committee and the futures representative. But if they do not get that approval, they can go to the bankruptcy court.    Similarly, if the trustees need to or want to change the payment percentage, they bring that again to the trust advisory committee and the future claimants' representative. And if they both consent, then it will be done. If not, the trustees can go to the bankruptcy court. Other than that, neither the trust advisory committee nor the futures claimants' representative have any significant input into the workings of these trusts.    Mr. Inselbuch. No.    Mr. Inselbuch. No, there are no defendants there.    Mr. Inselbuch. The trust.    Mr. Inselbuch. The trust advisory committee, and the role they have is what I have just described to you.    Mr. Inselbuch. No, but I would be confident that the trustees would.    Mr. Inselbuch. The bankruptcy judge has to approve the plan of reorganization. These are the central documents of that plan.    Mr. Inselbuch. On the committee?    Mr. Inselbuch. Well, I would have to think back over 15 or 20 bankruptcies, but, yes, I can think of one where Mr. Vari's firm was concerned where we had opposition from members of the plaintiffs' bar. I forget whether they were actually on the committee to the plan of reorganization itself.    Mr. Inselbuch. Well, when a plan of reorganization is presented to the bankruptcy court, a disclosure statement is sent to all creditors. And all creditors have an opportunity to file objections, and filed objections, and the objections were sustained.    Mr. Inselbuch. Oversight by whom? Oversight by the defendants' bar? That is hardly oversight.    Mr. Inselbuch. That is putting a fox----    Mr. Inselbuch. I do not see any need for any oversight. I do not see any evidence of any rampant or systemic wrongdoing here. And all you are doing is doing the bidding of the asbestos defendants' bar.    Mr. Inselbuch. How am I supposed to prove to you that I am telling the truth?    Mr. Inselbuch. Well, that is the job of these fiduciary trustees. That is exactly what they do.    Mr. Inselbuch. What?    Mr. Inselbuch. Perhaps to you, sir. I am there with them all the time, and it seems to me that it is working out real well. The only people that are complaining about these trustees that I know of are the plaintiffs' lawyers who say the trustees are too stringent.    Mr. Inselbuch. This is not the place to re-litigate the Garlock case.    Mr. Inselbuch. Bear in mind what the Garlock case was about----    Mr. Inselbuch. Both sides are not playing fair.    Mr. Inselbuch. Thank you.