    Mr. Coffman. Good afternoon. This hearing will come to order.    I want to welcome everyone to today's hearing entitled ``Lack of Oversight of Interagency Agreements--VA Procurement Failures Continued.'' This hearing will examine serious problems with VA's use of interagency agreements to procure certain services and will also focus on Federally Funded Research and Development Centers, which we will refer to as FFRDCs for ease of reference.    Interagency agreements, in this case where other agencies may contract or perform services for VA, can be a proficient procurement method. However, these acquisitions may pose a variety of risks in part because of the need for stronger internal controls and clear definitions of agency roles and responsibilities. As we see today, and we have seen from VA for years, internal controls, management, and oversight are tremendous problems for VA.    Additionally, VA has relationships with FFRDCs, privately owned but government-funded entities that have long-term relationships with Federal agencies intended to meet special long-term research or development needs that cannot be met as effectively by existing in-house or contractor resources. FFRDCs are granted special access beyond that which is common for normal contractual relationships to government and supplier data.    Following an investigation of these issues begun last Congress, I asked GAO to look into VA's oversight and management of these relationships. Unfortunately, what GAO found is typical regarding data reliability within VA.    For instance, VA cannot account for the extent to which it utilized interagency agreements for fiscal year 2012 through fiscal year 2014. For this period, VA had data showing that it obligated at least $1.7 billion for this period, when in fact GAO found that this amount was actually between $2.6 billion and $2.9 billion, amounting to a $600 million to $900 million inconsistency.    Further, half of the interagency agreements GAO reviewed did not contain necessary documentation, which is another of the many instances where VA's poor oversight and management of its procurement processes leaves the Department open to rampant waste, potential fraud, and certain abuse.    Similarly, VA obligated $260 million in this same fiscal year 2012 through fiscal year 2014 period to FFRDCs.    One downfall with FFRDCs is that they are noncompetitive, as is evidenced by the fact that nearly all of VA's relationships with them are with those operated by one corporation.    Additional, shortfalls GAO found with VA's data include a failure to centrally track some contract actions, limited documentation of pre-award reviews, and in some cases contract files that did not indicate why VA determined a contract price was acceptable.    This hearing will highlight yet another set of contracting problems within VA, where hundreds of millions, if not billions of dollars are unaccounted for. In a time where VA has come back to Congress to ask for an additional $3 billion because it has run out of money it should have to serve veterans, I consider this another grave failure.    I look forward to the discussions we will have here today on this important issue.    With that, I now yield to Ranking Member Kuster for any opening remarks she may have.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Ranking Member Kuster.    I ask that all members waive their opening remarks as per this committee's custom.    With that, I invite the first and only panel to the witness table. On the panel for the Department of Veterans Affairs we have Mr. Ford Heard, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary for Procurement Policy, Systems, and Oversight. He is accompanied by Mr. David Orso, Executive Director of the Enterprise Program Management Office in the Office of Policy and Planning, and Ms. Michele Foster, Associate Executive Director of the VA's Technology Acquisition Center.    For the Government Accountability Office, we have Ms. Michele Mackin, Director of the Acquisition and Sourcing Management Team.    I ask the witnesses to please stand and raise your right hand.    Mr. Coffman. Please be seated.    Mr. Heard, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Heard.    Ms. Mackin, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Ms. Mackin, for your testimony.    The written statements of those who have just provided oral testimony will be entered into the hearing record. We will now proceed with questions.    Mr. Heard, we had initially invited Ms. Phyllis Bower, Executive Director, Office of Acquisition Operations, and Mr. Robert Snyder, former Assistant Secretary for Policy and Planning, but they both asserted excuses not to attend. Are you the appropriate VA official to answer all of my questions today on IAAs and FFRDCs?    Mr. Coffman. I certainly expect to hear few answers that are deferred for later or taken for the record.    Mr. Heard, in your written testimony, you correctly noted that, quote: ``The decision to enter into an IAA is based on the information in the business case, which is the result of market research,'' unquote. Then explain to the committee why the market research was so poorly conducted on these matters.    Mr. Coffman. Ms. Mackin, how would you characterize the market research related to your report on this matter?    Mr. Coffman. Thank you.    Mr. Heard, your written testimony mentions that FFRDCs are prohibited from competing with any non-FFRDC, and that's not an issue. What I want to know is how VA determined to use an FFRDC when there's little or no documentation that indicates such a decision was the best option.    Mr. Coffman. Ms. Foster.    Mr. Coffman. Ms. Mackin, can you elaborate on your report that explains VA's inability to justify the use of FFRDCs?    Mr. Coffman. Mr. Heard, several years ago the VA OIG identified various weaknesses in VA's oversight of interagency agreements and reported that VA completed various corrective measures in 2013 by issuing a new policy on interagency agreements which complied with current law and regulations. The GAO report released last week found that VA is still failing to implement its own policy. Why is it taking so long for the VA to correct these problems?    Mr. Coffman. Thank you.    Ranking Member Kuster, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Ranking Member Kuster.    Mr. Huelskamp, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Huelskamp.    Mr. O'Rourke, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. O'Rourke.    Ms. Walorski, you have 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Ms. Walorski.    Mr. Walz, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Mr. Lamborn, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Lamborn.    Ms. Mackin, we have heard allegations that VA has even compensated MITRE for performing market research for its own proposals. Is that true?    Mr. Coffman. Okay. Mr. Heard, that is true?    Mr. Coffman. Ms. Mackin, if we add up the amount GAO identified for interagency agreements, as well as the FFRDCs from fiscal year 2012 to fiscal year 2014, it is over $2 billion. How would you characterize the risk VA faces with this amount of money given the problems you found?    Mr. Coffman. Well, I think the tragedy here today is this is an organization, the Veterans Administration, really in crisis. You know, and I think, you know, we'll have, we'll call you back 3, 4 years from now, or whoever is sitting in this chair; and, of course, the principals won't show up. They will have some underlings show up who won't be able to answer all the questions, and it'll be the same thing. We will try harder. And, you know, I'm confident nothing will occur.    And what is amazing to me is here is an organization in crisis that suffers from a lack of accountability and transparency, and here we are adding another layer of unaccountable, you know, not transparent, you know, acquisition people who are a nonprofit, structured as a nonprofit, sole source outside the Veterans Administration. I mean this just compounds the kind of problems that we have here. These FFRDCs, these folks need to go by the wayside. I don't see any--You know, you all need to up your game in terms of acquisition, and I know that that is probably never going to happen; but, you know, it is not going to work out anyway.    I am just not optimistic right now, given the leadership that the VA has at the very top. The President is not engaged. The Secretary of the VA is not engaged in making a difference. You all are just placeholders until somebody does want to make a difference, and I don't know how long that is going to take.    Ranking Member Kuster.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you and you can always contract out with acquisition consultants on a competitive basis versus a Soviet-style system.    Dr. Roe, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Dr. Roe.    Mr. O'Rourke, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Mr. Walz. Okay.    Today we have had a chance to hear about problems that exist within the Department of Veterans Affairs with regard to oversight of its interagency agreements and Federally Funded Research and Development Centers.    This hearing was necessary to identify the continuing widespread problems with VA procurement and to allow VA to provide answers as to why these problems persist. As I mentioned in my opening statement, VA has informed the committee that it has run out of money, which may result in its need to close VA medical centers. To that end, VA has told the committee that it will need an additional $3 billion.    Based on evidence and testimony provided in our four recent procurement hearings, VA misspent or plainly cannot account for around $7 billion annually, over twice the shortfall caused by VA's poor stewardship of money intended to provide services to veterans. As such, VA must be held accountable for the sheer incompetence that has somehow led to its squandering these funds needed to give veterans the care they deserve.    I ask unanimous consent that all members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Coffman. I would like to once again thank all of our witnesses and audience members for joining in today's conversation. With that, this hearing is adjourned.