    Mr. Ramaswamy. Good morning, Congressman Yoder. Good to see you again this year.    Mr. Ramaswamy. Indeed. Thanks so much.    In regard to NIFA's investments along with the ARS investments, we are really supporting new discoveries in the area of genetics, you know, improving the traits, the characteristics that wheat plants and other grain crops have that can resist the impact of pathogens, for example, scab or other pathogens that you might have.    In addition to that, you know, we are also providing funding to develop varieties that are much more drought-tolerant. So, you know, we have seen the persistent droughts here for the last few years. And so there is improved varieties that are coming along that would be part of the landscape that you would be seeing in Kansas and other parts of the country as well.    And last, but not least, in regard to water itself, we are proposing to invest almost $25 million in water in 2016. We started in 2014. And, in fact, Congressman Farr had asked me some questions last year as well. So we are continuing to make investments in the area of water, particularly as it relates to, at the watershed level, what is happening to our water resources, improve the irrigation capacities, et cetera. Those are some of the things that we are doing as well.    Mr. Ramaswamy. Yeah. So in the very recent past, NIFA has provided funding to a consortium of universities and private enterprise that is in the process of developing newer vaccines to PEDV. It is led by Ohio State University, but Iowa State and others are partners in that as well.    Mr. Ramaswamy. Indeed. Thanks so much, Dr. Woteki.    And, Congresswoman Pingree, good to see you again here this morning.    And you are absolutely correct that integrated pest management is a critical need that we have got, particularly in the context of the variability in the climate that we are seeing and changes in the varieties of crops that we are growing and on and on. There is a whole series of things that are happening.    And so we need to be really focused on investing intellectual and monetary resources. And so, within NIFA's portfolio funding, we have the crop protection and pest management line of funding that is approximately about $17 million.    In addition to that, funding is also provided through the experiment stations and extension service through the Hatch Act and the Smith-Lever Act. And our competitive grants programs, Agriculture and Food Research Initiative and the Specialty Crop Research Initiative, are also funding opportunities that are provided. And the people at the University of Maine as well as the Northeastern IPM Center at Cornell have been very successful at receiving funding.    And we are continuing to keep our eye on it and we hope--and, in addition to that, by the way, there is the IR-4, the Inter-Regional 4 Program, which is about minor crops, in quotes, for which we need to have tools available as well.    So there are several different parts of our budget that is, you know, trying to address these questions, whether it is the new pest that we are seeing--insect pest that we are seeing or pathogens or weeds that we are seeing, and trying to come up with the tools and technologies to make sure that we can deal with those.    Mr. Ramaswamy. Indeed. Thanks very much, Dr. Woteki.    And good morning, Mr. Rooney.    Mr. Ramaswamy. And appreciate your vote of confidence, as it were, in the first round that we did. Indeed, University of Florida did quite well in getting some of those grants as well.    And we hope that the discoveries being made will indeed help our citrus producers in America, particularly in Florida, have a crop because we have got over 75 percent of the crop now infected.    And so we need some tools very, very quickly. And so that is the intent, is over the long term that there will be the sustainable tools that are available to support our citrus producers.    Very specifically, in regards to your question and the two-step process, the first round is the industry relevance review, was that information made available to the second round--this is the scientific merit review--the answer is yes.    Indeed, the written comments were provided. And, also, there was a reminder to the panel that this sort of a two-step process is happening. It was also very clearly articulated in the request for applications that went out as well. So everybody knew that this was going to happen.    After the first round was done, we provided a report to the National Agricultural Research, Extension, Education, and the Economics Advisory Board, the NAREEE board, which has a subcommittee of specialty crops and then the citrus disease subcommittee. We provided a report.    They have looked at the process that we used, and they have provided us some feedback and, also, the priorities for the next year, this upcoming year, the new request for applications that come out. And we have incorporated all of that verbatim into how we undertake the process this next go-around.    Mr. Ramaswamy. No. And we will have to get you that information, whether indeed we are investing very specifically in apples.    But, in general, listeria is a critically important food safety consideration. So we are investing significant resources in addressing listeria issues, including developing sensors and other approaches for diagnostics as well.    Mr. Ramaswamy. Thanks very much, Congressman Aderholt, for that question.    In line with the Revitalizing American Manufacturing and Innovation Act that was passed last year and in line with the 2014 Farm Bill itself, the idea behind these innovation institutes is to bring together public-private partnerships.    And in this public-private partnership, the intent is not just, you know, the private enterprise bringing their money, but the expectation is that they also bring their intellectual resources as well.    So the intent is for academia, government labs, the private sector, nongovernmental organizations, all to be working together to develop the knowledge that can result in--there is a hand-off that takes place and new economic enterprises are going to be resulting from that.    And so we believe that the bio economy, the biomanufacturing piece of it, is a huge opportunity for the United States to continue to maintain its global preeminence. And that is why we have the request in the 2016 budget for these two particular areas.    Mr. Ramaswamy. The funding is going to be offered competitively, and we are going to develop the rules of the competition and make it available.    There is going to be an expectation that the, in quotes, ``competitors'' are going to bring together this partnership of the public-private, nongovernmental, academic, government labs, et cetera.    Mr. Ramaswamy. And we are addressing it, if I may, Mr. Chairman, very quickly. So Winston Churchill is supposed to have said, ``Crisis is a terrible thing to waste.'' And we are using that sort of an approach in thinking of how do we deploy the resources.    And, like you, we are deeply interested in ensuring that we bring together the best brains to address these challenges. We are concerned as well, and we hope that you collectively would see the value in investing resources--the commensurate resources that we need for addressing these sorts of global challenges.