    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Ramirez, we appreciate that you would take the time; also, appreciate your testimony and the fact that you have given a review to the legislation that we are bringing before you today. As Ms. Schakowsky said, we are going to have questions. We do want your input, and we look forward to moving ahead with the legislation and the bills that would really bring some additional and needed transparency to the FTC's consumer protection mission and get into addressing some industry-specific concerns. That is always helpful to industry. It is helpful to us, and I know you all as regulators, it is helpful to you.    I want to speak briefly about H.R. 5104, which Congressman Tonko and I have introduced, the Better On-Line Ticket Sales Act of 2016, or the BOTS bill as it is commonly called. This is important to many of my constituents who are in Tennessee who are concert performers and entertainers.    What this will do, simply, it to disallow the use of some of this hacking software that we see the scalpers use, and they bundle up all the tickets, purchase all the tickets before fans and our constituents and consumers have the ability to, from their laptop or mobile device or PC, get onto that online ticket sales portal and make their purchase.    So, as more of this moves online, it is important that we look at this. As a label head said to me yesterday, this is about keeping the marketplace fair and about allowing consumers to exercise online commerce and ecommerce. So, we do seek your input there.    I also want to welcome Robert Arrington, a fellow Tennessean who is here for the National Funeral Directors and say welcome to the committee. We look forward to hearing from you later on the bill.    With that, I yield my time to the Vice Chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Lance.    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and it looks like your allergies are under control. I am happy to see you sitting back there with the gavel.    Ms. Ramirez, I do want to come to you with just a couple of questions on the BOTS Act. As I said earlier, I appreciate your comments on this. Of course, it is a simple three-page bill. It would make an unfair and deceptive practice under the Federal Trade Commission Act to violate the terms and conditions of a ticketing site and the use of a bot to do that. And the third section would create a private right of action with a clear federal standard to allow parties harmed by bots to sue botsters under that clear federal standard.    So, our goal--and I think you share this goal--is to say, how can we help ticket-sellers protect themselves against scalpers who use this circumvention software? And if a ticket-seller is the victim of a ticket bot scheme, how should they report that unlawful activity to the Commission?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. And then, if a ticket-seller is the victim of a bot scheme, how do they go about reporting that to you? I want you to discuss just a little bit about your record of work in combating the illegal activities of ticket scalpers.    Mrs. Blackburn. Well, we will look forward to moving the legislation forward. We know that scalpers using the bots and really putting themselves at the head of the line ahead of consumers ends up costing consumers to have to pay higher prices. So, we want to make certain that we are specific, that there is that clear federal standard, and we will look forward to moving the bill through the process and working with you.    And then, Mr. Chairman, I am going to yield my time back.