    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Members of the Committee and our witnesses and all of our friends that are here in the hearing room, I knew Congressman Don Edwards and worked with him, and he has left a lasting legacy.    He was a progressive, principled man who never stopped believing that the coercive power of the government should be subject to the highest levels of scrutiny. And I think we still carry on that tradition in Judiciary even now. And he also wanted us never to forget that our government exists through the consent of the governed with the purpose of preserving, and not eroding, our rights.    I am grateful to have been a friend and a colleague of his during his service and career in Congress, and we will miss him and remember him.    And I thank the Chair.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman and Members of the Committee, we want to take a moment to walk through the events that have led up to this hearing.    We know from reports that the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Franks, and others in the majority had viewed at least some of the videos about a month before they were released. On July 15 of this year, the first video was released to the public. Now, these were posted online over the August break.    Three different House Committees then launched simultaneous congressional investigations. On September 9, this Committee held its first hearing on the topic, at which the witnesses for the majority refused to discuss the videos at the heart of the matter. There have been since two other hearings on this topic, making this the fourth in the House in less than a month. And, finally, the majority has announced that it will create a new taxpayer-funded Select Committee to extend this so-called investigation indefinitely.    As I reflect on these events, I think we are able to draw some conclusions, the first being that there is no evidence in the record whatsoever of illegal activity at Planned Parenthood.    On behalf of its 59 affiliates, the Planned Parenthood Federation of America has provided this Committee with hundreds of pages of documents. The organization is cooperating fully with all three investigations in the House. The documents we have reviewed so far allow us to go point by point to correct the false impressions created by the highly edited, highly misleading videos that nominally inspired these investigations.    Chairman Chaffetz, who sits on this Committee and is running his own investigation into these matters in the Oversight Committee next-door, has agreed with this conclusion. Last week, Wolf Blitzer asked the gentleman from Utah, ``Is there any evidence that Planned Parenthood has broken any law?'' Mr. Chaffetz answered with the truth: ``No, I'm not suggesting that they broke the law.''    I'm led to conclude that this hearing, much like the broader attack on Planned Parenthood, may be political theater--may be--designed to rally the conservative base and roll back the constitutional right to choose, wherever possible.    In practice, these investigations have had little to do with the videos, which some went to great lengths not to discuss at our last hearing. They have everything to do with appeasing the most conservative elements of one of the parties during an interparty leadership crisis and a fractious Presidential primary.    Now, we may have a legitimate difference of opinion on Roe v. Wade, but it remains the law of the land. And the attempt by some to relitigate a 40-year-old decision places thousands of lives at risk.    Many women enter the healthcare system through a family planning provider. In fact, 6 in 10 women who receive services at a publicly funded family planning center consider it their primary source of medical care. Planned Parenthood alone serves 2.7 million Americans every year.    Abortion procedures make up an incredibly small amount of the services it provides, only 3 percent. For example, in 2013, Planned Parenthood provided 900,000 cancer screenings to women across the country. 88,000 of those tests detected cancer early or identified abnormalities that might signal a greater risk of cancer.    In short, in this way and so many others, Planned Parenthood saves lives. And so the attempt to defund Planned Parenthood places each of those lives at risk. We should be grateful that the effort has been almost entirely unsuccessful, at least so far, on the Federal level.    And, finally, it is important to observe all of the good work this Committee could be doing instead of meeting for the second time on this subject in 30 days. And as we head into our second election season since Shelby County v. Holder, this Committee has done very little, could do a lot more, to restore the enforcement mechanisms of the Voting Rights Act.    We have done little to advance comprehensive immigration reform even though proposals remain overwhelmingly popular and would probably easily pass the House. We've got to start acting. And so 11 million men and women are waiting to come out of the shadows and contribute to our economy and communities, and, at this pace, I fear they will have to wait even longer.    And although the scourge of gun violence has touched every one of our districts, including yours, Mr. Chairman, we have all but ignored calls to strengthen background checks and close the gun show loophole.    All of these solutions would save lives. All of them are consistent with our constitutional rights. And the list of missed opportunities is long, and our time is short. We should not spend one more minute or one more taxpayer dollar vilifying Planned Parenthood without a speck of evidence to back these claims. This Committee has too much important work to do.    And I urge my colleagues to help us put this kind of theater behind us. We can do better.    I thank the Chairman and appreciate the opportunity to express my views.    Mr. Conyers. Yes, sir. I would like to go forward. Thank you.    And I want to thank all the witnesses, but I have questions for Ms. Caroline Fredrickson, please.    I'm going to quote from our Chairman's memorandum on this hearing, quote: ``The Purpose of this hearing will be to hear from witnesses on the issues surrounding the alleged acts of Planned Parenthood.''    So, without commenting on its authenticity, does the video played by Dr. Levatino earlier have anything whatsoever to do with Planned Parenthood?    Mr. Conyers. Now, can you describe the results of the independent forensic analysis of the videos released by the Center for Medical Progress?    Mr. Conyers. Now, as you note, Ms. Fredrickson, in your testimony, six States--Missouri, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Indiana, Massachusetts, and South Dakota--have looked at the allegations of wrongdoing at Planned Parenthood affiliates.    Can you report, to your knowledge, what they have found?    Mr. Conyers. Now, what would happen to women if Roe v. Wade were overturned, as you know, the landmark case involving a woman's right to choose? Would women still choose to end their pregnancies? Would those procedures be safer than those provided by Planned Parenthood today?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Now, there's some who want to push to defund Planned Parenthood. Some have claimed that there are enough other clinics to absorb Planned Parenthood's patients if Planned Parenthood affiliates are forced to close their doors. Is that true?    Mr. Conyers. Now, I'm just about through. Is there adequate capacity in the health care system to absorb all of Planned Parenthood's patients?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    And, finally, what kinds of patients might be particularly harmed if those that want to defund Planned Parenthood were successful in their effort?    Mr. Conyers. I thank you very much for your testimony, and I thank the Chairman for the time.