    Ms. Noll. Good morning. Mr. Chairman, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to share the perspective of the Natural Resources Defense Council on national energy efficiency standards set by the Department of Energy for many household appliances and commercial products. This program sets dependable, minimum levels of energy efficiency that all Americans can count on to reduce their utility bills, the carbon pollution that harms human health while promoting innovation and new job opportunities. My name is Elizabeth Noll, and I am the legislative director for the Energy and Transportation Program at NRDC.    NRDC has long supported energy efficiency standards, and we are far from alone. We have successfully worked alongside many groups, including NEMA, AHRI, and AHAM here today, and was reiterated in a recent op ed we authored with the National Association of Manufacturers. And let's not forget, the initial law establishing standards was signed by President Ronald Reagan, then expanded and improved with broad bipartisan support in law signed by both Presidents George H.W. And W. Bush. And why is there such strong support for efficiency standards?    This program is wildly successful, delivering tremendous consumer and national benefits. It has broad and bipartisan support founded on a long history of collaboration and consensus building, and by all accounts, there is still huge potential for even more energy and financial savings now and in the future.    To my first point, by every single measure, the program provides huge benefits. In fact, national appliance standards are the second biggest energy saving policy in U.S. history, second only to vehicle fuel economy standards. Appliance standards are saving the typical U.S. household about $500 per year on their utility bills. Last year alone, American consumers saved $63 billion. And thanks to standards already on the books today, consumers and benefits will save almost $2 trillion on their energy bill due to improved appliance and equipment sold through 2035.    Because these standards are cutting American energy consumption, it also reduces the need to burn polluting fossil fuels to run those appliances and equipment. Last year alone, national appliance standards helped the U.S. avoid emissions of 300 million tons of carbon dioxide. That is equivalent to the annual pollution from about 63 million cars.    As I noted earlier, three Republican presidents have signed laws supporting energy efficiency standards, and for the first time since the early 1990s, the Department of Energy is up to date with its legal deadlines that Congress enacted. In the spirit of consensus building and collaboration, the agency has done more than ever to open up avenues to increase stakeholder participation and collaboration. Of the 42 standards finalized since 2009, almost a quarter stemmed from consensus agreements negotiated with industry support.    And those that aren't negotiated, go through a normal rulemaking process, which includes multiple opportunities for input from industry. As a result, the vast majority of American energy efficiency standards go into effect without controversy.    As noted in other testimony today, manufacturers much prefer a single national standard over a State-by-State patchwork of requirements. Consumer groups, State Governments, business groups, utilities, all have engaged constructively and support the program. One might ask, Are there more energy consumer and environmental savings to be achieved? Emphatically, yes. One example involves the biggest energy and pollution saver from a single standard in the agency's history which was completed in January for commercial rooftop air conditioners, heat pumps, and warm air furnaces, and it represents the third revision to this standard. This standard is expected to save 15 quadrillion BTUs of energy over a 30-year period, which is nearly equivalent to the amount of energy in all of the coal burned to generate electricity in the United States in 1 year.    A forthcoming report by the Appliance Standards Awareness Project and the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy finds that the savings potential for Federal standards that will be eligible for update within the next 8 years exceeds what has been accomplished over the last 8, and innovation by our leading manufacturers is likely to open up new opportunities for savings that we cannot even contemplate today.    Without standards, cost-effective energy efficiency opportunities will be lost leading to unnecessarily high energy bills, increased energy consumption, more harmful pollution, and uncertainty from manufacturers. There is no doubt that this program works and will continue to deliver huge consumer and environmental value now and into the future. Thank you for the opportunity to share my views, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you again, Mr. Chairman. Ms. Noll, I want to thank you for your interesting testimony so far.    There is a question that I have and there is an argument that while the efficiency standards have been very valuable in reducing energy costs and consumption, many of these standards have already reached their maximum efficacy and we cannot squeeze any more juice from the grapes in a certain manner of speaking. Do you agree with the statement that many of these appliances are as efficient as they can reasonably come, or is there--and there is no room to move forward with these new standards. Or do you believe that there is some more cost effective standards, and measures, and pathways that we could implement in order to greater have more efficiency than cost savings?    Ms. Noll. Thank you Congressman Rush. Yes, I do think that there are more cost effective pathways to achieve greater energy savings that have yet to come. And I would begin by, as I stated in my opening remarks, the rule that was finalized just last year for commercial rooftop units represented the largest energy savings single standard in agency history. And that was the third time that that standard had been revised.    And while this is going to deliver huge consumer and environmental value, it was nowhere near the most energy-efficient technology that is commercially available. So it just suggests that there is still room to improve.    And I would also note that, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, that the forthcoming report from ACEEE and the appliance standards awareness project, looked at the rules that will be up for revision in the next 8 years and has shown that the energy savings opportunity from those rules will exceed that of which, of those that were finalized from the last 8 years. Again just further suggesting that--and some of those standards will be ones that will be products that have already had standards and have gone through revisions in the past.    And I would finally just say that standards increase innovation and that technological innovation creates new product features, new design opportunities. Our refrigerators today have more features than ever before. And that also could unlock opportunity for increased energy savings and that could form the baseline for future revisions to standards in the future.    Mr. Rush. Yes, ma'am. I want to shift my focus, my office has had many conversations regarding energy efficiency standards for appliances and their impacts on low-income families. One of the arguments that we hear quite often is that the cost of complying with new energy efficiency standards will have a disproportionate impact on low-income consumers. How do you respond to this charge?    And secondly, are there any benefits to low-income households if industry is forced to comply with the most current energy-efficient appliance standards?    Ms. Noll. Thank you. I guess I would begin by saying I know that the impacts on low-income customers is a priority of yours as it is for NRDC. And minimum efficiency standards set a dependable level of energy efficiency that every American can count on. Our analysis suggests that appliance standards will save the average American household, including low-income households, $500 a year compared to before standards were set. So that is significant.    And I agree that low-income households pay--a disproportionately higher portion of their income goes to energy costs. A recent report by NRDC and ACEEE shows that energy efficiency is a key strategy for addressing and reducing that energy burden that low-income households face.    So I would say that is why groups like the National Consumer Law Center and Texas ROSE and other consumer advocacy groups engage and are highly active in the standards setting process because of important benefits that it serves for the low-income populations that they support.    Ms. Noll. Thank you. I would say that the Department of Energy does take into account many perspectives.    Ms. Noll. As many of the colleagues that I work with, we strive to find--get better data on----    Ms. Noll. Good morning. Um, yes, it is interesting because I think about the number of roles and the number of negotiations that have taken place over the years, and there are so many to choose from. The last two revisions to home air conditioning standards went through a consensus process and landed an unnegotiated consensus outcome. And that is fantastic for consumers and the value that it is going to deliver to them for the environment as well.    So I think from my perspective I would say that the controversy is the exception and not the rule, you know, that we can demonstrate I think, as I said in my opening remarks, of the 42 standards that have been finalized since 2009, almost a quarter of those stemmed from joint consensus negotiations. And that is not to say that every rule needs to or can come from a consensus or a negotiation and those that didn't went through the normal rulemaking process. And with the exception of maybe a few standards have been without controversy and supported by stakeholders through the process and input.    So I would just encourage us not to characterize action as controversy at this point.    Ms. Noll. Our experience has been no. I think in the latest refrigerator standard revision, this is the sixth time, including the State standards, that that had been revised. It represented about 20 to 30 percent improvement over the previous standard, and that is on par with other revisions, fully supported by manufacturers and stakeholders.    And I think we have seen that that trajectory has held true that refrigerators are now 75 percent more efficient, they have more product features, they are 20 percent larger and they cost half as much.    I think the lighting revolution that we have seen take place is another example of--I don't think in 2000 we could have predicted the number of choices and the efficiency that we would get from LEDs today. So I think that it is just a few examples of where this could be headed.    Ms. Noll. Once it has gone through its statutory requirements, then yes, it is required to be reviewed every 6 years.    Ms. Noll. No.    Ms. Noll. Yes.    Ms. Noll. Yes.    Ms. Noll. Yes, I would be happy to. I think as we look at some of the products that are still--that will be revised in the next 8 years, there is standards for equipment and household appliances that have seen standards before, water heaters is a likely--a potential opportunity for increased savings.    As Mr. Cosgriff just mentioned distribution transformers, I mean they may be reaching a high level of efficiency but all of the electricity that is produced in America goes through transformers. So even half of a percent of improvements there will be a significant national benefit.    So I do think that there is opportunities that still exist to improve through the standards process.    Ms. Noll. Yes----    Ms. Noll. I would be happy to do that. I would also encourage us to look at some of these where the process is working. And I think dishwashers is an example of that where DOE heard from industry and Congress granted them the authority to look at consumer utility and performance criteria for economic justification----    Ms. Noll. As an example of how it is working and how it is serving to protect consumers and also ensuring a balanced both--the impacts on manufacturers as well as the impacts on consumers and the environment and reducing our energy consumption.    Ms. Noll. I would just to note on the 75 percent that weren't consensus or joint negotiations does not mean that they weren't going through the normal rulemaking process to deliver superior outcome. And only five of those rules have been litigated and I think that is still a very small number on the grand scheme of things.    Ms. Noll. Based on analysis.    Ms. Noll. The analysis that ACEEE and Appliance Standards Awareness Project has done, as well as the Department of Energy's own analysis.    Ms. Noll. Correct    Ms. Noll. Absent standards.    Ms. Noll. The standards program has been in effect since 1987, and recently----    Ms. Noll. Uh-huh.    Ms. Noll. In my opinion, I think $2 trillion in savings to consumers is a lot of huge savings.