    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Chairman Goodlatte, Congressman Conyers. It's good to be back before you and the Members of the Committee for my second annual oversight hearing. I expect to be back for eight more during my 10-year term, which I look forward to very much.    What I thought I would do is just explain to the Committee in very short form how we at the FBI think about ourselves and a couple of the things that are prominent in our work today. I think the FBI can best be described in a single sentence: We are a national security and law enforcement organization that uses, collects, and shares intelligence in everything that we do.    That sentence captures us in two different ways. First, the first half of that sentence, we are a national security and law enforcement organization. There is great strength to the American people in having our criminal responsibilities and our national security responsibilities in the same place.    Perhaps no better example is there of the strength that's gained from that combination than the rule of law as the spine of the FBI. It is a great thing, I think, for this country that the people responsible for counterintelligence, counterterrorism, and the criminal work all have as part of their being the rule of law and the Bill of Rights.    The second half of that sentence, we use, collect, and share intelligence in everything that we do, is a description of what I think we have always been but what we have tried to get so much better at since 9/11. That is being thoughtful about what we know, what we need to know, and who needs to know what we know so that we can all be more effective in protecting this country.    I want to touch on two topics under our responsibilities. Start with national security. The threat posed to us from ISIL's crowdsourcing of terrorism using social media is a significant feature of our work. It was an especially taxing threat the FBI dealt with earlier this summer when all over the country, in hundreds of investigations, we were trying to evaluate where people are from consuming ISIL's poison to acting on it.    Through the Internet, the so-called Islamic State has been pushing a twin-pronged message to troubled souls all over the world and all over our country. The first prong is come to the so-called caliphate and live a life of glory; and if you can't come, the second prong says, kill. Kill where you are. Kill anyone. If you can kill people in uniform, military or law enforcement, best of all.    That message has gone out since the summer of 2014 aggressively and in a very sophisticated way to thousands of consumers on Twitter. And Twitter works to sell books or movies or magazines. It works to crowdsource terrorism. And so in every State we have investigations trying to understand where people are on the path from consuming to acting.    And this is a very different paradigm than the traditional Al Qaeda paradigm because this is not about national landmarks and sophisticated, long-tail, carefully surveilled events. This is about trying to motivate murder anywhere, by anyone. And, unfortunately, it's a message that resonates with troubled souls seeking meaning.    And so earlier this summer, especially in May, June, and July, we were faced with the prospect of a whole lot of people acting out on this inspiration or direction from ISIL, and thanks to great work by the men and women of the FBI and our partners in State, local, and Federal law enforcement, we disrupted a whole lot of efforts to murder innocent people in the United States.    That work, though, continues, and it is made particularly difficult by an issue both you and Mr. Conyers touched upon. Our mission is to find needles in a nationwide haystack, and we have hundreds of investigations aimed at doing that in all 50 States. But increasingly what ISIL does is move the real live ones who might be willing to kill on their behalf off of Twitter to a mobile messaging app that is end-to-end encrypted. And at that moment, the needle that we may have found becomes invisible to us even with court orders, which is how the FBI does its business.    And so that's the challenge we face called Going Dark in real living color. We are trying to interdict, trying to stop, trying to understand people on the cusp of acts of violence, and increasingly a tool that the American people count on us to use is less and less effective. I don't know exactly what to do about that, frankly, but I think my job, given the responsibility I have, is to tell people there's a problem and we need to talk about it. And so I look forward to a conversation about it with you.    Our law enforcement responsibilities is the second thing I just want to touch very briefly. Obviously, we do public corruption work. We protect children. We fight fraud. We do a whole lot of work with our partners around the country to address violent crime. Something very disturbing is happening in this country right now in law enforcement and in violent crime.    I imagine two lines, one being us in law enforcement and the other being communities we serve and protect, especially communities of color. Those two lines over the last year or so have been arcing away from each other, and that continues. Each incident that involves police misconduct or perceived misconduct bends one line away. Each time an officer is killed or attacked in the line of duty bends the other line farther away.    And in the midst of those arcing away from each other, maybe because they're arcing away from each other, we are seeing a dramatic spike in violent crime, especially homicide, in cities all across the country. In communities of color especially, especially young men are dying at a rate that dwarfs what we've seen in recent history. It's happening all over the country, and it's happening all in the last 10 months.    And so a lot of us in law enforcement are talking and trying to understand what is happening in this country, what explains the map we see, what explains the calendar. Why is it happening all over the country? Why is it happening this year?    I don't know the answer to that. I, as I said, like a lot of people in law enforcement, are struggling with it. We simply must focus on this because all lives matter. This is not a problem America should drive around. We should stare at it. And as we stare at it, we should all work for ways to bend those lines back toward each other, because we need each other. We need each other to make sure our communities are safe. We have achieved in 2014 historically low violent crime in this country. We cannot let that slip away from us.    I am grateful for the hard work of the men and women of the FBI on these challenges. I am especially grateful for our partners in law enforcement around the country who help us address those. As you know, the FBI doesn't have a lot of fancy stuff. We have people, and we have great people, thank goodness, who are Americans who care deeply about protecting all their fellow citizens. I am honored to be in this job where I get to watch what they do and help them. And I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Comey. We have not, Mr. Chairman. We haven't yet gotten to the place where the alternative system for telephone metadata has been built, but so far we haven't seen an adverse impact.    Mr. Comey. Yes, sir.    Mr. Comey. Yes. The end of next month, I believe.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Yes, you're correct that we did discover in people who had come in as refugees from Iraq a number of people who were of serious concern, including two that were charged when we found their fingerprints on improvised explosive devices from Iraq. And there's no doubt that that was the product of a less-than-excellent vetting that had been done on Iraqi refugees.    There's good news and bad news. The good news is we have improved dramatically our ability as an interagency, all parts of the U.S. Government, to query and check people. The bad news is our ability to touch data with respect to people who may come from Syria may be limited. That is, if we don't know much about somebody, there won't be anything in our database.    Mr. Comey. I think that's fair.    Mr. Comey. I think that's a fair generality, that the data we had available to us from Iraq from a decade of our folks being there, encountering people, is richer than the data we have from Syria.    Mr. Comey. Mr. Chairman, I'd respectfully say that's one I'm not going to comment on. As you know, the FBI is working on a referral given to us by inspectors general in connection with former Secretary Clinton's use of a private e-mail server. As you also know about the FBI, we don't talk about our investigations while we're doing them. This is one I'm following very closely and get briefed on regularly. I'm confident we have the people and the resources to do it in the way I believe we do all our work, which is promptly, professionally, and independently. But I don't want to do anything that would compromise my ability to do it that way by commenting beyond that.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I hope you'll understand why I don't think it's appropriate for me to answer that. I want to preserve my ability to oversee this investigation in a way that is both in reality independent and fair and is perceived that way.    I believe the Bureau is three things. We are competent, we're independent, and we're honest, and I want to make sure the American people have confidence that that's the way we're doing our business. And if I start answering questions like yours, which is a reasonable question, I worry that I could infringe upon that.    Mr. Comey. I think what the Administration has decided, Mr. Chairman, is that it is not going to seek a legislative remedy now so that we can continue the conversations we're having with the private sector, with our allies around the world, and with State and local law enforcement, who are hugely impacted by this, and I think that makes good sense. I don't think we are yet to a place where we know exactly so how would we fix this legislatively. This is a very hard problem.    I think you and Mr. Conyers have raised serious questions and concerns. I believe this is an incredibly hard problem because two sets of values we all care about, safety and security on the Internet. I'm a big fan of strong encryption for the reasons you said. It helps us fight cybersecurity. It helps us protect all that matters most to us personally and as a Nation and public safety that we all care about. And those two things are colliding with each other.    There's not an easy answer, but given how important both of those values are and what's at stake, I think we have to wrestle with it, and we are continuing to do that. We're having very good conversations along all the dimensions I just said, and we'll continue it, I hope.    Mr. Comey. Nothing that would be useful to you. I've read about it in the popular press. I only have 8 years left in my term. I have a hard time imagining a police officer in New York City in a kidnapping case having access to a quantum computer any time in the near future when they encounter a device that's locked. And so it may be some day that's an answer to the challenge, to the conflict of those two sets of values. I don't see it anywhere near in the near term.    Mr. Comey. I do, Mr. Conyers. I think it's embarrassing for those of us in government who care deeply about these issues, especially the use of force by law enforcement, that we can't have an informed discussion because we don't have data. People have data about who went to a movie last weekend or how many books were sold or how many cases of the flu walked into an emergency room, and I cannot tell you how many people were shot by police in the United States last month, last year, or anything about the demographics, and that's a very bad place to be.    Mr. Comey. I think the big challenge, Mr. Conyers, is that it requires cooperation from 18,000 law enforcement organizations all around the country, and we are a big, diverse country of many different size organizations in the law enforcement space, and so we have never all sat together and said let's change the way we do this, and I'm optimistic we're about to do that.    Mr. Comey. Very hard.    Mr. Comey. Very hard. And the good news is chiefs and sheriffs get it and want to be in a position we as a country can have informed conversations. And so what I have been asking for resonates with them. I'm going to speak to them again at a huge conference in Chicago next week. And I'm optimistic that we can get to a much better place. It's going to take us a few years, but I think we can get to a much better place.    Mr. Comey. Encryption is vital to our personal security because all of our lives are now online. I like people locking their cars when they go into a store. I like people to lock their homes so that people can't break in and steal what matters to them. Now what matters to us as people and as companies and as a country are online, and so it ought to be secured in a way so people can't steal our innovation, our identities, information about our children. So encryption is a very good thing, and the FBI has long said that.    The challenge we face is that we never lived in a world with locks that couldn't be opened on a judge's order, and so now we face that world where all of our lives will be covered by strong encryption and so a judge's orders under the Fourth Amendment will be unable to be complied with, and there are significant costs to that. That's what I meant by the conflict of the values, public safety and security on the Internet, and that's what makes it such a really hard problem.    Mr. Comey. Sure. I'd be happy to, Mr. Conyers.    When we investigate criminals or spies or terrorists, a key tool is surveillance, to follow them. We follow them a lot in cars. We follow them on foot. There are plenty of circumstances where both of those options don't work real well, and so since the Wright brothers, we have used airplanes to follow people in our investigations. If a spy is going out to meet somebody and it's an area where we can't park cars, we'll sometimes try and get a small plane up to be able to get eyes on that meet with their contact.    And so it's a feature--and I hope this doesn't shock the American people, I think I should be in trouble with them if we're not doing this--we use planes in our predicated investigations to conduct surveillance of people who are under investigation. We do not use planes for mass surveillance.    And so the good folks in Michigan who saw a plane in the air, I think a lot of them had a chance to meet with my SAC out there and have him explain, look, this is what we do in criminal cases. It should make sense if you understand how we use it in individual cases.    So we have a small number of airplanes--I actually wish we had more--that we use to follow people in places where it's hard to follow them on foot or in a car.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Mr. Forbes.    First of all, to make sure the record is clear, what I have on my desk to me is a message of the importance of restraint and oversight within government. And so it's just--it's a wiretap order that relates to Martin Luther King. It's not about police misconduct, which is something--obviously, police misconduct is something we take very seriously.    I've devoted my whole life to law enforcement. I come from a law enforcement family. One of the things that's prominent in my office is a picture of my grandfather in 1929 escorting a dangerous felon to jail. My grandfather was a detective who rose up to lead a significant police department. And so I care an awful lot about making sure law enforcement has the confidence of the community, that we conduct ourselves well, but that we protect law enforcement from attacks.    One of the things in my office that reminds me of this is my phone. Whenever a police officer is killed in the line of duty, I call the chief or sheriff of that slain officer to offer the condolences of the FBI. I make far too many phone calls.    And so we care about both, making sure law enforcement acts well and that we investigate people who would harm law enforcement, whether it's groups, sophisticated groups, or individual actors. It's a feature of all the work that we do.    Mr. Comey. I think the OPM breach, as I've said in other settings, is disastrous because it's a gold mine for foreign intelligence services that would allow them to use that material to conduct very sophisticated socially engineered spear phishing attacks, for example, to penetrate people's systems.    I think encryption is very important to protect people's information. I don't think encryption will directly blunt that particular vector because it would allow a nation state to send me an e-mail from my sister about my nephew with an attachment, and it's highly likely I will open that e-mail and click on that attachment. So I actually see them as two separate problems, both serious problems, though.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Ms. Lofgren.    With respect to the case of Dylann Roof, as you said, dealers must wait 3 days, business days, to give the FBI an opportunity to conduct a background check. In that circumstance the gun dealer was notified it was in delayed pending status; and at the end of 3 days, if it's still in delayed pending, the gun dealer has the discretion to transfer or to wait. Some large gun dealers wait. This gun dealer transferred, which was consistent with the law. And there were a number of errors in the processing of his that allowed his drug possession arrest to be missed, and so the gun was transferred.    We have stared very, very hard at that and have tried to figure out what we can learn from that. There were some easy fixes to our processes, but we are looking at bigger fixes to see whether we can surge resources, whether we can add innovation to make our processing faster.    But the other key piece is going to be we must get better records from our State and local partners so that when our examiners query a database they have the disposition reported and they don't have to go tracking it down. We're having lots of productive conversations with State and local law enforcement who see in the wake of the pain of that tragedy the importance of giving us those records. So that's what we're doing to try and improve our processing.    The policy questions are really not for the FBI. We comply with the law as it stands today, which is we have 3 days to get it done. We'll do our best to get it done in 3 days. If Congress were to change that, we would comply, obviously.    Mr. Comey. We do not encrypt all of our data. We use encryption on a significant amount of our data. I'd have to follow up with you to give you the particulars on maybe a percentage breakdown. It's an important feature of our work.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Congressman.    With respect to the first two, the Stingrays and the encryption, we'll get you information for the record.    With respect to Solyndra, first of all, just to clarify something, the FBI doesn't make decisions to prosecute. We investigate, bring the evidence to prosecution.    Mr. Comey. Got you. We worked the Solyndra matter, we, the FBI, very, very hard and had it reviewed by two different U.S. attorney's offices, one in California, one in New York, who both made the same decision, that there was insufficient evidence to bring prosecutions. I'm probably limited in what I could say about the details of it here because it was a grand jury investigation, but that's the upshot of it. I had a lot of folks worked it very, very hard. One U.S. attorney's office looked it. I asked that it be brought to a second U.S. attorney's office, my alma mater, the Southern District of New York. They took a look at it and decided there was insufficient basis to prosecute criminally. And so that's where the matter stands.    With respect to the IRS investigation, I think as I sit here it's still pending, and so I am not able to talk about it in any way because it's still a pending investigation.    Mr. Comey. That's correct.    Mr. Comey. I think you got it, COINTELPRO.    Mr. Comey. I'm sorry, Hoover's name?    Mr. Comey. I am not following the question.    Mr. Comey. I see. Thank you. I'm sorry. The FBI today is vastly different than it was under its first Director in some of the ways you mentioned and in lots other ways. I keep that under the glass of my desk, not to dump on Hoover--I never knew the man--but to make sure people understand the danger in becoming--in falling in love with your own view of things and the danger in the absence of constraint and oversight.    I am somebody who believes people should be very skeptical of government power. I'm a nice person. I suppose you should trust me, but you should oversee me, and I should be checked, and I should be balanced. That's the way you constrain power. It's there to remind me.    Mr. Comey. I think that's fair if you're focusing on--I mean, Hoover did a lot of good things for law enforcement in the United States, did a lot of things that, through the lens of history, we reject as improper, and so you--I'm no historian, but I would imagine a historian would say you've got to take the total measure of the person to figure out what's bad and what's good. I'm just not equipped to do that.    Mr. Comey. Well, I appreciate that. I hope it's not.    Mr. Comey. I'm not aware of any studies on that. It's not that I would be. That's sort of a policy question, but I'm not aware of any.    Mr. Comey. I'm not aware of any studies on that.    Mr. Comey. Well, I know we face, as a country, a significant challenge with recidivism, a high re-offend rate among people who are released, and my whole career is dedicated to the proposition that law enforcement contributes to a drop in crime. It's certainly not entirely responsible for the historic drop in crime we've seen over in my lifetime, but it's a big part of it, and so that's the way I think about it.    Mr. Comey. I think so. Mandatory minimums have been an important part of my work as a prosecutor. Reasonable people can discuss whether it should be at this level or this level, but some mandatory sentence, some fixed prospect of punishment is very, very valuable in incapacitating people and in developing cooperators.    Mr. Comey. I think there's a lot of data collected by criminologists and others on the demographic component--excuse me, the demographics of homicide victims and perpetrators. I can't cite it to you off the top of my head, but I know there is smart people that have done that work.    Mr. Comey. I don't think it would shock me in particular neighborhoods that are heavily concentrated with people of a certain demographic background, but I don't know the number off the top of my head.    Mr. Comey. I know, Congressman, as I sit here, I'm not able to answer that question because I don't know enough. I know there's been letters written to the Department of Justice about it. I'll have to get back to you on that one because I don't know the status of matters within the FBI on that, sitting here this morning.    Mr. Comey. Never.    Mr. Comey. That would be included.    Mr. Comey. It really hasn't changed because we're still under the old telephone metadata system. As I said to the Chairman, I think the new one kicks in at the end of November, so currently our world is unchanged.    Mr. Comey. I expect more, actually.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Congresswoman.    At the outset, the challenge--I'm going to answer. The challenge for me in answering is I can't talk about the facts of something that is of an investigation, including ones that are pending.    I guess I can say this. First of all, we operate with no presumption that anyone is guilty or any stereotype about any particular person. We are a fact-based organization. We are required to gather facts and then, through a prosecutor, present them to a judge to make a showing of probable cause before we can get a warrant to arrest anybody.    A whole lot of people in this country are arrested on wire fraud charges. I've been involved in many cases where people were handcuffed and arrested because wire fraud is a very serious felony. The particulars of the case I can't talk about it, but I would not connect the dots in the manner that you have, and that's probably all I can say about individual matters.    Mr. Comey. I do not.    Mr. Comey. I've seen that happen.    Mr. Comey. Yes, sir.    Mr. Comey. I think that's right. There may be some and a variety of other intelligence sources that may help us try and understand who people are, but the point I was trying to make is we had a whole lot more information about Iraq because our soldiers had been there.    Mr. Comey. Run into people and collected information.    Mr. Comey. Yes, sir. It's a risk that we are focused on and trying to do everything we can to mitigate.    Mr. Comey. The only thing we can query is information that we have, and so if we have no information on someone, they've never crossed our radar screen, never been a ripple in the pond, there will be no record of them there, and so it will be challenging.    Mr. Comey. Well, the FBI's business is not policymaking; it's enforcement of the law. And so we spend a lot of time trying to reduce gun violence through aggressive enforcement. It's a crime for a felon to possess a gun in this country; for a drug addict; for a drug dealer; for someone who is convicted of a domestic violence misdemeanor to do it; to use it in crime of violence. And so I've devoted a lot of my career as a prosecutor--and the FBI does investigating--to impose cost to change behavior so the bad guys don't have a gun on their waistband. And that means more fistfights, maybe more stabbings, but fewer shootings because the challenge we face in a lot of cities is the bad guys think it's just another a piece of clothing. So they think about as much about the gun as they do about their socks, and that leads to a whole lot more shooting based on people bumping into each other, frankly.    And so our mission is to try and send a strong message of deterrence that you ought not to have that gun, you ought to think a lot more about the gun than your socks, and that will make that corner safer. But it requires tremendous effort by the law enforcement community. We're doing a lot of that, though, including in Chicago, where your characterization is exactly right.    Mr. Comey. Well, in Chicago, we have actually gone so far as to put FBI agents with Chicago police officers in squad cars to try and focus on some of the predators who are driving this violence, the gang bangers who think that they operate freely. So we do gang task forces. We do drug task forces. And as I said, we operate even on an ad hoc basis to try and lock up some of the repeat offenders. And the idea there is to try and change behavior by ripping out the worst and convincing the rest you should not have a firearm with you if you are a prohibited person.    Mr. Comey. I know the city of Chicago pretty well, having gone to law school and been there many, many times. And the story of Chicago is a lot like the story of a bunch of cities around the country. It's localized. The violence is heavily concentrated. Chicago, primarily south, some west, obviously. And it is groups of primarily young men who are carrying firearms when they're prohibited by law from carrying them on the streets, and that inevitably leads--all human encounters ratchet up to the most serious available weapon. And so what would have been a fistfight when you were a kid, today is a shootout because the gun is there. And what we in law enforcement are trying to do is change that behavior. These kids may not be well educated, but they are very good at cost-benefit analysis. And the idea is to force a cost-benefit analysis. That gun should be a huge liability in the eye of that felon, that drug dealer, that drug addict, and that's the way we hope to change behavior.    Mr. Comey. I'd be happy to.    Mr. Comey. I think the law is--and you probably know best than I, but I think it's after 180 days.    Mr. Comey. Right. We still operate under a warrant, the FBI does, that's just our policy, but I think that's the law. If it's older than 180 days, it can be gotten through other legal processes.    Mr. Comey. Correct.    Mr. Comey. They would need some kind of legal process. They couldn't just walk in and take it, but my understanding is the law would permit them to get it through a subpoena or some other court order short of a warrant.    Mr. Comey. I am. I'm generally aware, yes, sir.    Mr. Comey. I don't know what you mean by backdoor device.    Mr. Comey. Oh, I see. No, we would need a court order to be able to either in a device or online to be able to take content or implant something in a phone, not just a warrant. We need a title III order or a FISA court order.    Mr. Comey. No.    Mr. Comey. Nope.    Mr. Comey. No, when we collect information, it's pursuant--we're talking about the content of people's communication or what they've stored on a device, we do it through a court order. We don't do it through asking someone who made the device to give us access to it voluntarily.    Mr. Comey. Right. Either a search warrant from a judge to open a locked device or an order from a Federal judge either in a national security case or a criminal case if we're looking to intercept communication as it's moving.    Mr. Comey. Yes. The Fourth Amendment is part of this sort of the spine of the FBI.    Mr. Comey. The spine of the FBI.    Mr. Comey. Any kind of aircraft, we don't. If what we're doing is, which is what we used them for, we have a pilot fly around and follow somebody. Drones, we don't. We have a small number of unmanned aircraft. We may use them for fixed surveillance, like when that guy had the kid in the bunker in Alabama, we used a drone to go over the top because we were afraid he would shoot one of the pilots. We had unmanned aircraft. We operate drones within line of sight.    Mr. Comey. So when we're talking about surveilling someone, we're really talking about an airplane with a human being in it flying them around. We do not get a warrant for that. The law doesn't require it, but that's not involved with collecting the communications of somebody.    Mr. Comey. Right. To follow somebody in a car or on foot or in a plane, we have to have a predicated investigation, but we don't have to go to court to get permission to follow that person.    Mr. Comey. The FBI doesn't make any laws. Congress makes the laws, and the courts interpret them.    Mr. Comey. I misunderstood.    Mr. Comey. I don't think I have----    Mr. Comey. I don't think I have a view or a preference. I mean, the FBI, we are maniacs about wanting to follow the law.    Mr. Comey. So if Congress decided to change the law, we would follow it.    Mr. Comey. Yes, sir. The ISIL challenge illustrates the problem we call Going Dark. That ISIL increasingly uses, when they find someone who I call a live one, that is, someone who they might be able to motivate to engage in acts of violence in the United States, they move them from Twitter or Twitter direct messaging--Twitter direct messaging is available to us with court process--to a mobile messenger app that is end-to-end encrypted, meaning if we get a court order from a judge and intercept the communication, we can't decipher it, we can't read it. And so those people, their communications become invisible to us even with a court order.    That's the challenge. We actually face that in all kinds of criminal cases as well, but it is very well illustrated by the ISIL challenge. That's what I mean when I talk about that.    Mr. Comey. Correct.    Mr. Comey. That's correct, and we have to have a court order, but the court order would be useless.    Mr. Comey. That we can't know what somebody, who's planning on an act of violence against a police officer or military member or a civilian is up to and when they are going to act, and we're limited to physical surveillance, trying to watch them and figure out what they're going to do or trying to get other ways to get visibility into what they're up to. So it is darkness, or they go dark to us in a way that's really important in those matters.    Mr. Comey. There's lots of different ways in which it impacts. In fact, I believe the going dark problem overwhelmingly affects State and local law enforcement. People talk about it like it's an intelligence question, but it's actually almost entirely a law enforcement question because--I mean, to give you an example that a lot of DAs talk about. If they recover a cell phone, right, at a scene where someone has been murdered or been kidnapped, they cannot open the device, even with a court order, to figure out who was that person communicating with before they disappeared? That's the most basic example.    We also are increasingly encountering it where drug gangs or carjacking gangs are communicating using apps, text apps that are encrypted end to end and with a court order we can't read. So it's becoming increasingly--the logic of it is, it will affect all of our work at some point. Hundreds and hundreds of cases will eventually be affected by it because it is all of our lives are becoming part of the digital world. And when the digital world is covered by strong encryption, judges will not be able to order access in serious criminal cases or in national security cases. That's the future we're coming towards, and my view is maybe that's where we want to be, but we ought to talk about it as we're going to that place.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Congressman.    I probably can't give you exact numbers sitting here, but we have a cyber division headquarters that does nothing but cyber-related work and then cyber task forces in every single FBI field office, cyber squads, but that doesn't quite capture it because all of the threats we're responsible for come at us through the Internet now, whether it's kids being protected or terrorists coming after us, and so everybody actually has to be, in a way, a cyber analyst or a cyber agent. So I could give you specifics on how many hundreds, thousands of people are assigned to do cyber work, but it's actually even broader than that.    Mr. Comey. In the cyber realm?    Mr. Comey. That's a good question.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, I can't think of it sitting here. Our responsibilities are obviously confined to the United States, and so we work with our partners, NSA, in particular, in trying to fight the cyber threat that's coming from overseas. The bureau doesn't have the ability to reach out in that way, and so that's something we can't----    Mr. Comey. It was such a good question, I misunderstood it. I'm sorry. One of the things I've been trying to do is drive us closer together with the Secret Service because they have expertise, especially in the financial related intrusions and credit card scams. They've spent years developing that expertise, and so I don't want to duplicate it, so we're trying to drive ourselves together.    I'd like us to combine our task forces. It doesn't make any sense for them to have an Electronic Crimes Task Force and me to have a Cyber Task Force, there ought to be one. They do great work. I want to make sure we don't duplicate, and I want to do joint training with them. They're doing some great training, so are we. That's one of the things we can't do. We can't do enough for State and local law enforcement to help them deal with digital crimes.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, I think with respect to the criminal work that we do, there are people at HSI within Department of Homeland Security who are doing cyber-related crime work, and then there's a lot of State and local law enforcement doing it, and they are part of our task forces.    Mr. Comey. Without eating up all your time, it's our strategy, my strategy for where we are going to take the FBI in the next 3 to 5 years, and so it involves deploying our people in a different way, getting better training, better equipment, focusing ourselves on the threats that I think the FBI, given its footprint, is best able to address, so it's our sort of whole of FBI approach to cyber over the next 3 to 5 years.    Mr. Comey. Correct.    Mr. Comey. Correct.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Congressman. The synthetic, I think the word is cannabinoids, and my friend, Chuck Rosenberg, the leader of the DEA, is probably laughing listening to me mispronounce it, but it is a serious problem that I hear about all over the country.    So DEA obviously has the lead on the Federal level, but we are participating through our drug task forces with DEA in trying to do something about that scourge, which you're exactly right: it's appearing in gas stations or little markets where kids can walk up and buy these things not knowing exactly what they're buying, and it will wreck their life.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. I honestly don't know. I from talking to Acting Administrator Rosenberg, that they are keenly focused on that problem, which is every time they schedule one of these things, it comes in from China slightly different, and so it's not scheduled anymore. They are sort of chasing it, playing Whack-A-Mole with a very dangerous substance. I don't know what the answer is, frankly.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Comey. Good to see you again, sir.    Mr. Comey. Great to see you, Mr. Marino.    Mr. Comey. Yes, Congresswoman, that is what I understand was meant by that. There were more than 100 so-called Johns arrested as part of Operation Cross Country along with the pimps and the children being exploited.    Mr. Comey. As part of Operation Cross Country, the folks I call the angels of the FBI, which are our victim specialists, are deeply involved in the operation to make sure that those kids get either reunited with their families, or so many of them come from foster care.    Mr. Comey. If they get in a new placement, a healthier placement, a lot of them need medical attention right away. And that's what was meant by that, to get that child to a place where they are cared for either by the biological family or a placement in a foster family.    Mr. Comey. I think we do. I think our intelligence analysts, who support an effort like this, have done some good work on that front. I'm a foster parent, so they know it's a passion of mine.    Mr. Comey. And so I think we could equip you with at least some of our thinking on it as we do this work.    Mr. Comey. Well, I appreciate your interest in it, and I will ask my staff to think about ways in which we might get more help. We appreciate the offer.    Mr. Comey. Certainly. Thank you, Mr. Labrador. We learned some good lessons from less than excellent screening of Iraqi refugees 8 years ago or so, and in fact, we learned that some folks we had let in were serious actors that we had to lock up after we figured out who they were. And so we have gotten much better, as an intelligence community, at joining our efforts and checking our databases in a way that gives us high confidence. If we have a record on somebody, it will surface. That's the good news.    The bad news is, as we talked about earlier, with Iraqi refugees, we had an opportunity for many more encounters between folks in Iraq and our soldiers, for example, so we had a lot more data. We had fingerprints, iris scans, we had forensics of different kinds. The challenge we face with Syria is that we don't have that rich a set of data, so even though we've gotten better at querying what we have, we certainly will have less overall.    And so as I said to a question earlier, someone only alerts as a result of our searches if we have some record on them. That's the challenge we face with Syria.    Mr. Comey. I wouldn't agree obsolete, but I would say we have a less robust data set dramatically than we had with Iraq, so it will be different.    Mr. Comey. Well, that's a hard one. What we can do, the FBI, is just make sure that whatever is available figures into our review, but the underlying problem is, how do you generate intelligence in failed states? And that's one I don't have a good answer for.    Mr. Comey. Oh, certainly. Everyone in the intelligence community is focused on trying to mitigate this risk by querying well and also finding additional sources of information so we can check against it.    Mr. Comey. I'm not able to do that sitting here.    Mr. Comey. Well, on behalf of the FBI, what you can assure them is that we will work day and night to make sure that if there's information available about somebody, we have surfaced it, and we have evaluated it.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, and so I can't sit here and offer anybody an absolute assurance that there is no risk associated with this.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. Well, thank goodness there aren't the kind of turmoil and pain in communities frequently, but sure. If local law enforcement asks for help in getting a look at a developing situation, we will offer that help. We've done it in Baltimore. We did it in Ferguson, as I recall.    Mr. Comey. It's made at a fairly high level in the FBI. I think at the special agent in charge level, at least that is the commander of the field office, so it has to go up through a variety of checks before it can be approved.    Mr. Comey. I think it has to be part of an open investigation of ours or part of an open assistance to law enforcement matter. We can get you the particulars of our policy, but as you know, the bureau has a policy for everything, so there's a series of steps that have to be walked through to make sure it's part of either an open case of ours or it's a legitimate open assistance to law enforcement matter.    Mr. Comey. I'm sorry, the distinction?    Mr. Comey. Oh, I see. Well, I think we're just trying to explain how we use it. We don't fly planes around America looking down trying to figure out if somebody might be doing something wrong. The overwhelming use of our aircraft is a pilot flies as part of an investigation to help us follow a spy, a terrorist, or a criminal, and then with local law enforcement, if there is tremendous turbulence in a community, it's useful to everybody, civilians and law enforcement to have a view of what's going on: Where are the fires in this community? Where are people gathering? Where do people need help? And sometimes the best view of that is above rather than trying to look from a car in the street.    Mr. Comey. I don't think so. I mean, I meant what I said about the Fourth Amendment. We are not collecting the content of anybody's communication or engaged in anything besides following somebody when we do that investigation, so as I said, we've done it since the Wright brothers with planes, and we do it in cars, and we do it on foot, and the law is pretty clear that you don't need a warrant for that kind of observation.    Mr. Comey. I suppose if you are putting technology on an FBI aircraft that had Fourth Amendment implications, that is that it was reaching someone's communications or looking within a dwelling or something like that, it would have Fourth Amendment implications. But that's not what we use the aircraft for.    Mr. Comey. Right. We have one aircraft that we can put Stingray technology on it, that is cell-site simulators, and I suppose we can mount it on others if we had a court order to do it. But we have decided as a matter of policy--now the whole Department of Justice does this--that if we're going to be operating a cell-site simulator, it has Fourth Amendment implications, so we will get a warrant for that. So whether that's on the ground or in an airplane, we treat it the same way.    Mr. Comey. I think we made that move before there was even a divide among opinions in the court. Some courts have said you need it for that, some not. We went nationwide with a requirement for warrants. There has been no national decision on that, no Supreme Court-level decision on that, but we just think, given that some courts are requiring it, we do it across the country.    Mr. Comey. Good morning.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. I don't know. And I don't know whether we have folks sitting in the courthouse. I just don't know sitting here.    Mr. Comey. I don't.    Mr. Comey. I don't know.    Mr. Comey. I don't know, sir.    Mr. Comey. I don't know. I don't think so, but I don't know.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Congressman. The review did occur. I asked my folks to do a 30-day examination, and two things came out of that. First, it confirmed the facts as I understood them. There were no new facts with respect to Dylann Roof's purchase in particular that changed. And then it highlighted two potential areas for improvement, one internal to the FBI, one external.    Internal, it highlighted for us that maybe we can surge resources and technology to try and reduce the number of gun sales that are held in the delayed pending status longer than 3 days, and so that work is underway. And then secondly, to get better and more timely records from State and local law enforcement about the disposition of people's arrests so that our examiners have good records to make a judgment on. And those conversations are ongoing.    Mr. Comey. Yes. If after the 3-day window the gun is transferred and then the examiners discover disqualifying information, my recollection is--and if I'm wrong, we'll fix this--a notice is sent both to local law enforcement in that jurisdiction and to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms so that they can retrieve the firearm from the prohibited person.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. The mass murder in Charleston was an event that I think caused a lot of folks in local law enforcement, State law enforcement, to focus on this question. And as I said, there's a whole lot of conversation going on, and we are pushing out training to State and local law enforcement to explain to them what we need and why we need it in a timely fashion.    I don't have as I sit here suggestions for how Congress might help us incentivize that cooperation. I think they're good people, and when they see the pain of a situation like Dylann Roof's, they want to be better. But I will get back to you if I have ideas for how Congress can help.    Mr. Comey. I think the experts at the FBI would say that PIN-and-chip is more secure than PIN-and-signature. And the confusion there was our folks put out that public service announcement, and it was a miss on our part, without focusing on the fact that most merchants in the United States don't have the capability to accommodate the PIN-and-chip. And so the worry was that's going to cause a whole lot of confusion when people start saying where's the PIN-and-chip when our equipment is set up in this country for PIN-and-signature.    Mr. Comey. I don't know. And I'm not the world's smartest person on this, but what I've been told by my folks is it is available in some places, but it's not widely available in the United States. And if I'm wrong about that, we'll correct that.    Mr. Comey. No. I think that could be the reason that, if I'm right, that the equipment is not widely available in the United States, that people don't have an economic incentive to change. But that was not a factor in why we withdrew the public service announcement. My understanding is we withdrew it because our worry was we're going to confuse a whole lot of people who are going to roll into places saying where is the chip-and-PIN and it isn't widely available. That's, as I understand it, that was the concern.    Mr. Comey. I think by and large that's true. I think it poses unique challenges for our colleagues at the SEC, for example, investigating corporate fraud, but I think by and large for law enforcement judges are available, and if we have the evidence, we can make the showing. So I think at a general level, sure.    Mr. Comey. I have with high confidence an understanding of who did it. I'm not in a position to say it in an open forum.    Mr. Comey. Yes. I think I said they were a useful tool in my career as a prosecutor, especially in eliciting cooperation.    Mr. Comey. I think it is. Again, I'm not in a position by expertise, and I shouldn't in my job offer a view on whether it ought to be 10 years or 5 years, but I think the certainty of punishment is a useful tool in fighting crime. And in the absence of mandatory guidelines, that often comes in the form of a mandatory minimum. But that's about as far as I have the expertise and the position to go.    Mr. Comey. Yes. In my experience and comparing my experience with the State system, which did, again, in my experience as a prosecutor, did not have the tools to elicit cooperation that we did. But, again, that's not a view on whether it ought to be this or it ought to be that. I don't have the expertise, or I'm not in a position to offer a view on that. But some certainty of punishment absent cooperation is very, very valuable in eliciting cooperation.    Mr. Comey. Sure. I struggle with the word mass incarceration because it conveys a sense that people were locked up en masse when every case in some respects is a tragedy, in my view, but every one was individual, everyone had a lawyer, everyone had a judge, everyone had to be proven guilty.    There is no doubt a whole lot of people are locked up, and that is a big problem for our country in one respect. But here's the fact: In 2014, America was far safer than it was when I was born in 1960. And I think a big part of that change, as a result of which a whole lot of people are alive today who wouldn't be, is due to law enforcement.    And so I'm of a view that, yes, we can reform our criminal justice system. It can be better in a lot of ways. But we ought to reform it with an eye toward where we used to be and how we got from there to here, because I would not want to give back to our children and our grandchildren the America that we lived in, in the 1970's, 1980's, and 1990's. That's the reason I want us to be thoughtful about it.    But I believe we can be better in a whole lot of ways that we probably don't have time to talk about.    Mr. Comey. Thank you. Happy to. Thank you.    Mr. Comey. I do. It's something I've been hearing more and more about over my 2 years in this job from prosecutors who are worried about it.    Mr. Comey. Thank you for that question. It's a very important issue that we have talked about a little bit here today. We can vet them. We have gotten better at vetting and learned lessons from the vetting of Iraqi refugees. The challenge we face is we can only vet against data that's been collected with respect to a person, and so the information we had for Iraq was much richer than we'll have for Syria.    Mr. Comey. You got it.    Mr. Comey. Well, I guess each case is different. But in my experience anyone who is part of a trafficking organization is part of an organization that has violence all through it, and that whether you're a mill worker or runner or lookout or enforcer, you're part of something that's suffocating a community. And so I have a hard time characterizing drug organizations in any respect as nonviolent.    Mr. Comey. I believe that was a big part, and I think most experts believe it was a big part of the historic reduction we've seen in crime over my career.    Mr. Comey. I don't know that it's searchable by each offense implicated by an investigation. If a case was charged, then the charged offenses would be reflected in Sentinel--that's our recordkeeping--but I don't think every possible charge.    Mr. Comey. I think that's correct, but I also don't know with what clarity our records would reflect, if there were a number of potential violations in a case, whether it would be clear from our case files that it was that.    Mr. Comey. That one, as I did with Chairman Goodlatte, I think I'd prefer not to answer. I'm trying to make sure that, given that we have a matter under investigation now that relates in part to that topic, that I preserve our ability to be seen and to be in reality honest, independent, and competent. And if I start commenting on things that might touch it, I worry that I could jeopardize that.    Mr. Comey. The FBI is the three things I said earlier, honest, competent, and independent. We follow the facts, only the facts. All we care about are the facts.    Mr. Comey. Yes, we want to make sure the list is comprehensive. If we could get every foreign fighter on there, that would be great.    Mr. Comey. I don't know the legislation, but the goal I share is to have a complete, updated, carefully vetted list.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Ms. Jackson Lee. I will certainly look into it, the last matter.    With respect to church fires, we have not ignored them. Our agents are investigating a number of church fire incidents around the country. We have not found patterns and connections that connect to our civil rights enforcement work, but we are continuing to work on it.    With respect to guns, the people in the FBI care deeply about trying to stop gun violence. What the Bureau does not do is get involved in the public policy legal questions because our job is to enforce the law. We leave it to the Department of Justice to make recommendations as to what the law should be. I think that's a place it makes sense for us to be, but we are passionate about trying to enforce the law against bad guys with guns of all kinds, especially in our cities where gun violence, especially gang-related gun violence, is increasingly a plague this year.    Mr. Comey. Guns in the hands of criminals endanger all of us, including law enforcement.    Mr. Comey. As I said in response to your earlier question, I will get back to you and let you know. As I sit here now, I don't have a strong enough grasp of where that stands. I do know letters were sent to the Department of Justice, but I've got to figure out exactly where we are, and I can get back to you.    Mr. Comey. I don't. I know we have jurisdiction to investigate such things. I believe we have, but I don't know enough to answer that well right here.    Mr. Comey. I think, Congressman, that's a question for others, including Congress. The FBI's role is such that I think it's very important that that not be a conversation debate that we participate in because we don't make policy for the American people. The American people tell us what they think the law should be, how to solve these hard problems, and then we will enforce the law. I think that's critical to us remaining those three things I said, honest, competent, and independent. And so honestly it's just not a question I think the FBI should participate in professionally.    Mr. Comey. It's a process I describe as good news and bad news. The good news is we have gotten as a country, and the intelligence community in particular, much better at organizing ourselves so that we get a complete picture of what we know about somebody. We learned some lessons from Iraqi refugees 8 years ago or so. And so we have gotten better at querying our holdings. And so if there is a ripple this person has created in our pond, I'm confident that we will see it and be able to evaluate it.    The bad news is we will have less data with respect to folks coming out of Syria than we did with respect to Iraq, because we don't have the U.S. Army presence and all of that that would give us biometrics to query. So the risk is that someone who is a blank slate to us will be vetted by us in a process that's efficient and complete but will show no sign of anything because they've never crossed our radar screen. That's why I describe it as a process that's gotten a lot better but that we can't tell you is risk free.    Mr. Comey. Yes. Thank you, Congressman. And I think, if I remember correctly, we have actually been doing a pilot program on that topic at our criminal justice information systems operation, which I do believe is the gold standard. You're right. So anybody who wants to ensure that people in contact with children or in any other sensitive position have been checked out, the best way to do it is working with us so we can query our holdings.    And as an exciting new feature that's coming on now as part of our Next Generation Identification, we're building in something called Rap Back, which means if you query somebody as a daycare provider, if they are ever again arrested, you will get notified, because that's been a hole in the system. People are clean when they first go in. Then they get in trouble 5 years down the road. You never tell the daycare about this. So Rap Back will make a big difference and make the gold standard platinum in a way. So I very much agree with your sentiment on that topic.    Mr. Comey. Rap Back, R-a-p B-a-c-k. So if someone develops a rap sheet, we get back.    Mr. Comey. Yes, sir.    Mr. Comey. I don't know. And I'm pleased to say it's not my job to recommend that to the President. I just don't know.    Mr. Comey. I think there was plenty of input from the FBI and other parts of the intelligence community on sort of how we thought about the good news and the bad news. I don't know and don't recall and don't know if I could say even if I did recall how a number came up. It wouldn't have come from the FBI. But I just don't know.    Mr. Comey. Thank you for that question and thank you for your interest in that issue and your leadership there.    Two big issues are getting the right folks and the right equipment, in reverse order. The bad guys have very sophisticated equipment, and so if we're going to be good at responding to all the threats we're responsible for, we got to make sure we have world class systems.    And then we got to have great people to operate them, and that's a challenge when we're facing a cybersecurity industry that will pay young folks a lot of dough to go work in the private sector. We compete on mission. I tell these people you're not going to make much of a living, you're going to make a great life. I hope that convinces their families as well, but those are the two big focuses for us.    Mr. Comey. It's an important part of the threat. That's absolutely true. I don't know what the Department's questions and concerns are about their legislative authorities on that front, so I don't think I can offer anything useful there.    Mr. Comey. Thank you.