    Mr. Perlmutter. Mr. Cordray, thank you for being here and thank you for your service to the United States of America and the position that you have taken on.    And certainly, CFPB as a regulator has its protagonists and its antagonists. I just thank you guys--and I am looking at the TILA-RESPA disclosure statements and it is a lot simpler than other forms that I have seen in a long time. I would ask you to just make sure that everybody can deal with these things. They just--we have been working with them for a long time and the industry is getting ready. But please take into consideration the mortgage bankers, the title companies and all that will have to use these things and just make sure that everybody is ready.    Mr. Perlmutter. And that will be a day when everybody has to accept them and move forward, but let's just make sure we have as many people included as possible.    And I really do congratulate you on your stamina today, and the work that the agency is doing. There are some places where I disagree with you. Mr. Williams was discussing one of those.    As you know, I was here when we passed Dodd-Frank. And I actually carried the exemption for auto dealers. And so, or I was a co-sponsor but I remember it and I was involved in the discussion of it.    And what I am concerned about, sir, is just doing an end-around. Okay. That while we do have jurisdiction over lenders and therefore we are going to scrutinize and make sure that there is no disparate impact by some lending that the lenders do to the auto dealers because the auto dealers negotiate on price and they negotiate on rates. That is how they do it.    And so, what I am concerned about is CFPB stepping into something that I consider to be the purview of the Department of Justice, whether or not there is some discrimination in setting rates--that really is something that they look at on a continuing basis across a whole variety of fields. And I would just ask you all to stay in your lane--    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay.    Mr. Perlmutter. And that is why I am saying to you I appreciate that but I also see this is kind of an end-around, that--    Mr. Perlmutter. I am telling my perspective.    Mr. Perlmutter. And so, you understand why I have carried or co-sponsored some legislation to make it clear that this is a place, in my opinion, for the Department of Justice, given what we did in Dodd-Frank.    And I guess my question to you is, does CFPB, is it something you desire that in effect there would be a flat rate and that really auto dealers only negotiate as to price? Everybody gets the same rate?    There are some in the industry who think that might be a simpler and easier way to go, but many in the industry like to be able to negotiate on both levels, believing that it helps the consumer. Maybe it does and maybe it doesn't.    We have all been in negotiations at auto dealerships. It is not a lot of fun, but you can work through it.    Mr. Perlmutter. Are you all focused on just trying to get a flat rate?    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. I would like to work with you all. I know you are familiar with the Charles River study which--    Mr. Perlmutter. --calls into question the methodology of the CFPB. And I just think we should be able to work this out but if we can't, then I am going to continue to pursue the legislation that I have co-sponsored and--    Mr. Perlmutter. All right, thank you very much for your time and thank you for your service.