    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Every once in a while, we get an opportunity here to quote something and, in this case, I guess I will paraphrase. It does seem like it is Groundhog Day again. And although, those who remember that movie realize that, you know, we keep coming back, we keep having the same discussion, the panel does change, some of you age, others do not. Grover, you can take it any way you want on that one. So, since we are here again, I am going to try and take a different tack than I did perhaps the last seven or eight times we had a similar hearing on fairness and Constitutionality, and so on. And ask my question briefly and really intended for the public to make sure that the American people get more comfortably with the approaches that Congress is taking.    And Mr. Carpenter, I will probably use you as the Constitutional Strawman. That will make Chris Cox happy.    But, Mr. Crippen, I think you did a good job of it too.    Sales tax is owed by whom?    Mr. Issa. But an analogue good?    I buy a washing machine, it leaves Pennsylvania, it arrives in Ohio, I live in Ohio, it is delivered to my home; who is the tax authority that determines that and who is to pay it?    Mr. Issa. Right.    So, going to the commissioner for just a second, any good arrives in Alabama pursuant to whatever the tax is, where it is delivered, where the person resides depending upon how you configure your law, that tax owed by the individual. We, the people, voting public, all the rights in privileges and obligations that come with taxation and representation. We are taxing ourselves at six and a half, seven and a half, 8 percent, whatever, on that washing machine delivered to our home in Alabama. Correct?    Mr. Issa. Okay.    So here today, we are really only dealing with whether or not we participate in assisting the states in the collection by their citizens of the tax. And, would you all agree, for everyone out there, that the taxes on the citizen or the person who buys it and that in fact that tax is lawful and determined by the states. Right? The states have a right to tax their residents and they do it. And I am not dealing with some of the other bills here today. I am just sort of dealing with digital or non-digital products delivered to someone.    So the perplexing problem we have been dealing with for five or six Congresses is how do we in fact or do we assist the states in doing it recognizing that we have a long tradition that if you do not have nexus--Commissioner, if you do not have nexus over a company, the mere shipping of goods or even the incidental participation of a salesman going in and out, does not create nexus. From your background, that is true right?    Mr. Issa. Right.    And we want to keep that. We don't want to have 50 states putting an auditor into a cubicle at every small business that happens to sell over state lines, do we?    Mr. Issa. Okay. Well, before we get into the uniform auditing because you would agree--and Mr. Crippen, I guess I will go to you because I cited some of your good words earlier. We, in Congress, do not easily have the ability to say that a nonresident of a state shall in fact fall under any mandate of another state, do we?    Mr. Issa. We do, though, have the ability to support a state in collection of taxes by its own residents. Correct?    Mr. Issa. So I am just going to close with one question and it is not in any of these bills. Every state in the union today, as I understand it, would have the ability to mandate that UPS, not the post office, we would have to assist in that, UPS, FedEx, and any other common carrier collect taxes at the time of delivery or ensure that they are collected the same as customs does when something comes from outside the country into the U.S. That authority exists. Isn't that true?    So ultimately, it is a question if this economy, this digital economy, continues to grow, of whether states in order to defend, if you will, the destruction of their own brick and mortar businesses find it necessary to find ways to collect if we don't act. Would that be correct? Would you all agree that some acting will in fact prevent arbitrary actions by the states?    Mr. Carpenter?    Mr. Issa. And Mr. Chairman, if we could just let Mr. Norquist chime in and I----    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.