    Mr. Grothman. Interesting testimony. I'm going to ask Ms. Kastrup--is that right?--a few questions. I don't know if you're familiar with this product as opposed to other products, but whenever there's insurance, I don't care whether it's health insurance, car insurance, whatever, you always kind of wonder how much of that premium is going for claims and how much is going for overhead and commissions and that sort of thing.    Could you give me, the insurance industry in general, how much of, say, auto insurance, health insurance, and long-term insurance, how much goes for claims?    Mr. Grothman. You can give me about. When you pay your auto insurance premium--you're an actuary, you must have some idea.    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Well, which type of insurance do you deal with?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. And the average long--do you have long-term care insurance? No, you're too young, right? Do you have long-term----    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Do you know--I mean, guess, if your parents had a policy, how much do you think goes out average and how many--what percentage of the premium goes out in claims?    Mr. Grothman. You must have some idea for some policies. Don't you? No idea at all?    Mr. Grothman. I know it depends. But, you know, they sell these things. I mean, is it 10 percent, is it 50 percent?    Mr. Grothman. Sure.    Mr. Grothman. Okay.    Mr. Grothman. And can you compare that? Are you aware of any other kinds of insurance? Can you compare that to automobile insurance or some other insurance?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. You mean for selling costs?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. And could you compare it to any other kind of insurance or you don't know?    Mr. Grothman. I'll give you another question here. And--oh, Mr. Doughty, you must know, because doesn't John Hancock have other insurance other than just long-term care?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. I'll give you another question. I've always wondered about this on long-term care insurance. With any insurance there's a degree of moral hazard, okay, and it's your behavior changes because you're insured. People have to make a decision, families, in life, as to whether you're going to allow somebody to go to a home or not. And I think sometimes families do extraordinary things due to the huge cost of long-term care.You know, they can take care of grandpa for years and years, because they don't want to pick out, whatever, $8,000 a month or something. And therefore, I've always kind of thought that if you have long-term care insurance, maybe people are quicker to send grandma to the home than they would be without insurance.    Do you feel there's that degree of moral hazard when people buy long-term care insurance?    Mr. Grothman. Can I ask one more quick question?    Mr. Grothman. Okay.    Mr. Grothman. Yeah, sure. First of all, a comment. I think any company could bid on this product, correct?    Mr. Grothman. How many different companies in the country offer long-term care insurance? Dozens?    Mr. Grothman. About a dozen. Okay. So one would think that if somebody could offer this plan for less, they'd be given a contract in the future, and we've solved the problem. I think there are some underlying problems here with long-term care insurance I go into, and my guess is--well, I'll ask one question and I'll go on my soapbox again.    Have premiums for long-term care insurance gone up in general across the board--like if I go to my individual insurance agent or anything, is this an industry-wide phenomena?    Mr. Grothman. I thought so. And I think if any Congressman thinks you're doing a lousy job of running their company, they can apply to be the chief executive officer of any long-term care insurance company and make a boatload of money for you guys if they can do a better job than the free market can do.    But back to the last question. It is--nationwide, if I just go to my local insurance agent, how much can I expect my premiums to go up, say, every year for the last 5 years, you think about?    Mr. Grothman. And that's true of your 11 competitors too, about?    Mr. Grothman. I would assume John Hancock, I mean, I would assume you guys know something about trying to offering insurance at the lowest price, don't you? And if you didn't, wouldn't one of your competitors undercut you and put you out of business?    Mr. Grothman. That's kind of something that everybody who graduates from high school should know by now, wouldn't you think?    Mr. Grothman. You guys have been surprised in the amount of claims compared to where you all thought it was going to be 10 years ago, right? That's the underlying problem?    Mr. Grothman. Right. And as long as people maybe continue to live longer, be more likely to have diseases, Alzheimer's or whatever, that you have to put people in long-term care, premiums are going to have to go up, no matter how much a politician wants to grandstand and be critical of you, right?    Mr. Grothman. And if I yell at you some more and ask you to produce your costs, is that going to make any difference at all as long as more and more people continue to need long-term care, no matter how much I yell at you, no matter how many times I bring you back in this room?    Mr. Grothman. Right. It's not going to matter. I can't yell at you and say, keep coming back here until you lower your costs as long as more people need the insurance, right? I mean, you need a payout, right?    I'm sorry for the--for what you're having to put up with here.    I guess that's it.    Mr. Grothman. Are we keeping people alive longer, too, right?    Mr. Grothman. It can, but largely, the industry is hostage to the number of people who need long-term care, which they can't control. Right?    Mr. Grothman. Well, assuming they're not going to go through bankruptcy, they're hostage to it. Okay. Thanks much.