    Mr. Conaway. I will ask questions in the correct order.    The Chairman. Very good. I will turn to our friend from Florida, Mr. Yoho.    Mr. Conaway. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all for being here. In how many countries do we operate food programs, including any of the three modalities?    Mr. Conaway. So then a range of 40?    Mr. Conaway. I mean, no one modality fits any one country particularly, in terms of these kind of questions.    Mr. Conaway. Ms. Trujillo, you talked about a case in East Africa with theft on an industrial scale. How do we make sure that the folks who perpetrated that problem--and they may or may not be prosecuted locally--but how do we make sure that we are not dealing with those folks again 2 years later because of exigencies on the ground that allow these folks to come back into the system? How do we know that we are not still dealing with the bad guys? And, again, there are 40 countries, so you have 40 answers, I guess.    Mr. Conaway. I wouldn't have asked it otherwise.    Mr. Conaway. But in each of these countries, are their reporting systems good enough that the local USAID folks, who turn over from time to time, don't we wind up working with the same bad actors, 4 years down the road?    Mr. Conaway. And who does that? Is there a local USAID person on the ground that has full responsibility deciding who is the implementer or who is not?    Mr. Conaway. Yes.    Mr. Conaway. You have a fighting chance though, right?    Ms. Trujillo.--see people move from one to the other, and they have had problems with one, and you see them pop up in another, and that is when we hear about that, from an investigative standpoint. As I have mentioned in my testimony, we are very aggressive at following up on these types of activities and any allegations of----    Mr. Conaway. Yes. About Haiti, have you found duplication across Food for Peace and other activities in Haiti, where Title II programs are overlapping with other USAID activities?    Mr. Conaway. That can't be an official policy, that they don't operate together. There has to be some sort of a policy statement that they coordinate. Is that failure personality driven? Is this a case where the people running Food for Peace and the other programs didn't get along, or they just didn't care? What was the issue there?    Mr. Conaway. All right. In this instance, why didn't these two folks speak to each other?    Mr. Conaway. So, was this particular sentence in your testimony related to an emergency circumstance like that, or was it a long running inability to coordinate with each other?    Mr. Conaway. Would you mind getting back to us on that?    Mr. Conaway. Because that is a----    Mr. Conaway. You have emergency circumstances going on where we do things to try to help, but if it is a systemic issue that lasted over a period where it shouldn't have, then that would be a different circumstance. You will get back to me, so I appreciate it.    Mr. Conaway. This is a big deal to us on the Agriculture Committee.    Mr. Conaway. The ratio between food aid, cash, and local purchases is of keen interest to the Committee, as you have seen today, so thank you all for being here. I appreciate it.    The Chairman. Mr. Newhouse?