    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman Issa.    I think this is a more important hearing than a lot of people appreciate it. Certainly, that's the case of myself. And to our distinguished list of panelists, we welcome you all, particularly Dr. Atkinson. But I just want to get something out about the digital trade, because the growth of our economy relies on the expansion of the global digital economy, and efficient cross-border data flow as digital trade becomes a larger portion of the global economy. That's the heart of my introductory comments.    According to the United States International Trade Commission, a digital trade increased U.S. average wages and helped create about 2.4 million full-time positions in 2011, the same year digital trade also increased annual U.S. GDP by 4.8 percent.    As we hear from today's witnesses, which I welcome, I'd like to have considered the following points: To begin with, any discussion on digital trade and unrestricted cross-border data flows requires a serious discussion on surveillance reform. Earlier this year, a coalition of companies, trade associations, civil rights organizations, wrote to the leadership of both parties to outline the economic costs of the significant erosion of global public trust in both the United States Government, and the United States technology sector. Their fears appear to have been prescient.    Last month, citing concerns about insufficient privacy safeguards in the U.S. Court of Justice of the European Union suspended the U.S. EU Safe Harbor framework that allows about 4,400 United States-based companies to move digital information across the Atlantic. The decision is a reminder that we need to have a thorough conversation about surveillance reform. Without one, we cannot fully address eliminating restrictions on cross-border data flow.    A couple of weeks ago, the House took a step toward a fuller discussion by passing H.R. 1428, the Judicial Redress Act, which our colleague, Jim Sensenbrenner, introduced, and I was proud to be a cosponsor of.    The bill extends to the citizens of certain foreign countries, privacy protection, and it will facilitate information-sharing partnerships with law enforcement agencies across the globe. This will save lives.    Although there is far more work to be done, I hope that our allies will take our work on the Judicial Redress Act as a sign of good faith and a first step.    We must continue to work to restore the public trust necessary for the continued success of the United States industry overseas, while protecting individual rights. Digital trade and cross-border data flows are transforming how American consumers and small businesses operate and interact. For example, Ford Motor Company and Boeing, analyze, in real time, digital data from their vehicles and aircrafts. This helps them diagnose problems and quickly find solutions. This saves consumers money and saves lives.    Similarly, small businesses depend on having efficient cross-border data flow in digital trade. For example, digital trade affords them the ability to expand into foreign markets. Consumers rely on online payment processors, like PayPal, to process their payments globally from purchases on online platforms and small businesses.    Finally, the flow of data across international borders presents a unique regulatory setting. Congress, the Administration, foreign governments, and nongovernmental actors, must provide solid consumer protections that safeguard the development of these ever-increasing data flows. The smart and thoughtful discussion I believe we ought have today will be to illuminate barriers to future growth that we need to consider and address. According to studies, restrictions like data localization mandates hinder economic development in those companies that erect barriers to digital trade. We should examine how they affect consumers and the United States-based businesses.    Still, some barriers are necessary to protect against the digital trade of illegal goods and services, such as digital piracy and the trafficking of child pornography.    I look forward with interest to having the witnesses at today's hearing, and I thank the Chairman.    Mr. Conyers. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Conyers. For the record, I would like to enter into the record an ACLU report concerning the Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet hearing dated November 2, 2015.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am struck by the unanimity among the five witnesses today, and I commend them all.    Let me start with Dr. Atkinson. And keeping in mind the privacy concerns of Americans and our allies, how can the United States and its trade partners move forward to advance free data trade? And I understand you have some regrets about strong encryption.    Mr. Conyers. No. It's how they advance free data trade. That's the main idea here in this question.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Mr. Allgeier, with regards to privacy, what's been done, and what do you think still needs to be done in order to ensure the viability of cross-border data flows?    Mr. Conyers. Absolutely.    Now, we passed the Judicial Redress Act. We are hoping that the other body will act with appropriate swiftness. But I think we may have something else to think about.    Mr. MacCarthy, can you elaborate on how the Judicial Redress Act affects the companies that you represent?    Mr. Conyers. As soon as I see it.    Mr. Conyers. Ms. Espinel, how does the recent invalidation of the U.S.-European Safe Harbor agreement impact the software industry?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Thanks, Chairman Issa. I yield back.