    Chairman Royce. This committee will come to order. Committee will come to order, if all members will take their seats.    Today we hear from Secretary of State John Kerry. The Secretary is just off yet another overseas trip dealing with issues that we will discuss here today.    And, Mr. Secretary, your dedication is clear to all.    Secretary Kerry comes to present his Department's budget request. Needless to say, given Washington's chronic budget deficit, wasteful spending is intolerable. Even good programs may be unsupportable at levels we would want. But we must also appreciate the many serious challenges we as a Nation, and the Department in particular, faces worldwide.    These challenges seem to grow by the day. Iran and North Korea are pursuing nuclear weapons; Russia is gobbling up neighboring Ukraine; we see beheadings, crucifixions, and immolation by ISIS; cartoonists and Jewish shoppers are targeted and killed on Paris streets. Indeed, some days it feels as if the world itself is coming off of its axis.    Regarding Iran, Mr. Secretary, all of us want to see you get a meaningful lasting agreement. But the committee, as you know, has real concerns about the direction of these talks. I am hearing less about dismantlement and more about the permanence of Iran's nuclear program.    That is particularly disturbing when you consider that international inspectors report that Iran has still not revealed its past bomb work. This should be treated as a fundamental test of the Ayatollah's intention to uphold any agreement. Iran is failing that test. Also, it is still illicitly procuring nuclear technology. Recently Iran was caught testing a new generation of supersonic centrifuges. To be frank, as this committee reads about us being on the brink of a ``historic agreement,'' you have a challenge in terms of Congressional buy-in. Meanwhile, Iran and its proxies are wreaking havoc throughout the region.    And in Eastern Europe, Russia's military aggression is matched only by the size of its propaganda. Russia is spending more than $\1/2\ billion annually to mislead audiences, to sow divisions, to push conspiracy theories out over RT television. Yet, the agency charged with leading our response, the Broadcasting Board of Governors--is, as your predecessor testified to us--dysfunctional. Last Congress the House passed legislation authored by Ranking Member Eliot Engel and me to fix the BBG, the Broadcasting Board of Governors. We hope to have the administration's active backing as we again push this reform.    And in the Middle East, ISIS is on the march. The administration was tragically slow to react to ISIS's rise, missing the chance to devastate them with airstrikes. During the first 7 months, 8 months of ISIS moving from Syria into Iraq, town by town, taking these cities, air power was not used to devastate these columns out on the open road as it should have been applied. Today the Kurds are still severely outgunned. Our training of the Syrian opposition isn't off the ground, and Arab allies complain they don't have the weapons needed.    And while the administration is focused on the fight against ISIS in Iraq today, it is still unclear what its plans are for Syria tomorrow. As the committee considers the President's request for a military authorization against ISIS, members need to hear a better articulation of the administration's strategy and see a strong commitment from the Commander-in-Chief.    As terrorism from Islamist terrorist groups spread, the committee knows that that puts more of our diplomats out there at risk. In the past half year, the Department has had to evacuate staff from two U.S. Embassies, Libya and Yemen.    On this note, the committee stands ready to assist the Department on Embassy security. We passed a State Department Authorization and Embassy Security bill last Congress and look forward to working with you to get our next bill signed into law. And as the Department works to finalize its second Quadrennial Diplomacy and Development Review, know that we are ready to assist the Department to be more effective and efficient to meet the demands of the 21st century's diplomacy. We have policy differences, but these should never compromise the day-to-day operation of your Department and certainly not the safety of its personnel.    Mr. Secretary, our Nation faces great challenges. Through it all, though, we must work together to ensure that America maintains its positive and essential role in the world. That is our challenge.    And I will now turn to our ranking member, Mr. Eliot Engel of New York, for his opening statement.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Engel.    This morning we are pleased to be joined by Mr. John Kerry, the 68th Secretary of State.    And, Mr. Secretary, welcome again here to the committee.    Without objection, the witness's full prepared statement will be made part of the record and the members here--each of you will have 5 calendar days to submit any statements, questions or extraneous material for the record you may wish to submit.    So, Mr. Secretary, if you'll open for 5 minutes, then we will go to the members for their questions.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Secretary, you are certainly right. It is not all gloom and doom. But the reality for us is that, even as we discuss these issues, there are still rallies going on in Iran in which the refrain is, ``Death to America. Death to Israel.''    Even as we attempt to engage--and we hope that we get a verifiable agreement--but even as we attempt this, we still have the Ayatollah and we still have the cadres that come out and say: ``Death to the Great Satan. Death to the Little Satan.'' And that is a reality that we have to face because sometimes, when people communicate those types of threats, they mean it.    And I mentioned my concern about the direction of the Iran talks. And, of course, we understand we are still negotiating in this, and I understand you have cautioned not to judge a deal we haven't yet seen. But it is important that the administration know the committee's concerns as you negotiate.    And one thing we do know is that Iran has continued to stonewall international inspectors concerning its past bomb work. And as you have acknowledged, this is a critical part of these negotiations and it is a fundamental test of Iran's commitment. And it has been well over a year, I think.    And I have talked to the Secretary General of the IAEA about this. You know, I saw press this morning. I don't know if this is correct or not--and we could go into closed session at some point to discuss it--about the concern of a secret facility.    But the concern I have at the moment is what the Secretary General says, and he indicates that he is concerned about signs of military-related activities, including a--including Iran designing a nuclear payload for a missile.    Inspectors in Iran, you know, they--or the IAE inspectors have amassed over 1,000 pages which showed research, development, and testing activities on technologies needed to develop a nuclear weapon. And of the 12 sets of questions that the IAEA has been seeking since 2011, Iran answered part of one of those.    And so I would like to ask you for a response on the concerns on the part of the IAEA and us on the committee.    Chairman Royce. Well, we had 350 members write you expressing deep concern about this lack of cooperation. And, of course, from our standpoint, unless we have a full understanding of Iran's program, we are not going to be able to judge a year's breakout time with certainty.    That is the conundrum we face here. And they are withholding that information. And without going into detail again--but, as you know, I have concerns about the fact they were caught with that supersonic centrifuge, testing that, and the whole procurement issue.    Chairman Royce. And let me----    Chairman Royce. There is a piece today in the New York Times: ``Inspectors say Iran is evading questions as nuclear talks enter a crucial stage.'' Per my conversations with the IAEA, I know those concerns are there.    I want to just turn to broadcasting reform to discuss that with you because I know, in an exchange you had yesterday in the Senate, you expressed your frustration that our effort to confront Russian propaganda is simply nowhere near where it ought to be.    It is an area where Mr. Engel and I also share frustration. We know that Putin is dominating the essential information battle on the ground. But this isn't just about resources. It is also about what we can do with an initiative for the Broadcasting Board of Governors to overhaul that institution and make it effective.    Myself and Mr. Engel put that bill into the Senate last year. We were not able to get it up and passed. And the question I wanted to ask was for your assistance on the Senate side in getting our legislation through this year so that we can get the reform that this troubled agency needs and get up and running with the type of broadcasting that you and I, I think, want to see to offset what President Putin is doing right now.    Chairman Royce. Yeah. Well, Mr. Secretary, we are on the same page with you. I think your request was 1.3 million to confront Russian propaganda in this budget.    Chairman Royce. We are on the same wavelength--Mr. Engel and I and the committee--with you on this.    If I could just turn to one other issue that is going to be a topic here----    Chairman Royce . Of this hearing today, and that is the question that is on our mind in terms of AUMF to ensure that the Commander in Chief has the authority needed to decisively defeat the enemy. And that will be part of our dialogue here with you this morning.    I will turn now to Mr. Engel for his opening questions.    Chairman Royce. We go now to Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, chair of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee.    Chairman Royce. We are going to have to keep moving. And I am just going to suggest----    Chairman Royce. Mr. Secretary, I am going to make a suggestion to the members here.    Members, if you use the 5 minutes to ask your questions, we are just going to go on to the next member, and then we will do the response in writing.    Chairman Royce. We are going to go right now to Mr. Brad Sherman of California. Thank you.    Chairman Royce. I had actually hoped to encourage dialogue, if the gentleman----    Chairman Royce. We will do the last question, but we will need to keep moving. We only have 5 minutes for each member, and we want to get as many as possible.    So go ahead with the last question.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Chris Smith of New Jersey, chairman of the subcommittee on Africa and Global Health.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    We go now to Mr. Gregory Meeks of New York.    Chairman Royce. We are going now to Mr. Dana Rohrabacher of California, chairman of the Subcommittee on Europe and Emerging Threats.    Chairman Royce. We understand both the gentlemen's points.    Chairman Royce. We go now to Mr. Sires of New Jersey, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Steve Chabot of Ohio.    Chairman Royce. We go to Mr. Connolly of Fairfax, Virginia, Gerry Connolly.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Mike McCaul, chairman of the Homeland Security Committee.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Ted Deutch, ranking member of the Middle East Subcommittee    Chairman Royce. We now go to Judge Ted Poe, of Texas, chairman of the Terrorism and Nonproliferation subcommittee.    Chairman Royce. Well, I am anticipating one.    Chairman Royce. We are going to go to Mr. Brian Higgins of New York.    Chairman Royce. We are going to go to Mr. Matt Salmon of Arizona, the chairman of the Asia Subcommittee.    Chairman Royce. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    We go to Mr. David Cicilline of Rhode Island.    Chairman Royce. We are going to Mr. Darrell Issa of California.    Chairman Royce. Might I suggest this, Mr. Secretary. Might I suggest that we do that in writing, and we go now--we understand the point.    Chairman Royce. That was the question.    Chairman Royce. We go now to Mr. Keating of Massachusetts, ranking member of the Terrorism and Nonproliferation committee.    Chairman Royce. Well, that is a good point, but I think we are going to have to go to Mr. Tom Marino of Pennsylvania, and the Secretary must depart for another committee at 1 p.m. So, in order to get as many members before then, we will go to 3 minutes for each member. All watch the clock, please.    Mr. Marino.    Chairman Royce. I am afraid we are going to have to go to Mr. Alan Grayson from Florida.    Chairman Royce. I thought I spoke for all of us.    Chairman Royce. Other questions and answers can be in writing.    Chairman Royce. We need to go to Mr. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina, chair of the Western Hemisphere.    Chairman Royce. And we need to go to Mr. Alan Lowenthal of California. Thank you.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Secretary, if we could lay that out maybe in a written answer----    Chairman Royce. Mr. Mo Brooks of Alabama.    Chairman Royce. Lois Frankel of Florida.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Secretary, might I suggest that each of the remaining members ask one question, one question only, very briefly, and then the Secretary could sum up, and we will let him depart to his meeting.    Mr. Meadows, your one question. Is that all right, Mr. Secretary?    Chairman Royce. Okay. We get the gist of that one.    Now we go to Ms. Tulsi Gabbard. Your question please.    Chairman Royce. Okay.    Now we go to Mr. Reid Ribble.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Brendan Boyle of Pennsylvania.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Lee Zelden of New York, followed by Mr. Tom Emmer of Minnesota, and that is it.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Emmer.    Chairman Royce. We appreciate the Secretary's time today, including today's lightening round. And we have a ton of issues to get through together. We thank you.    And we stand adjourned.