    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to note for the record that for the last 2 years the House passed Coast Guard authorization bill did include stronger cargo preference enforcement provisions that were ultimately rejected by the other body, so I am going to make a motion to migrate to a unicameral form of government, as opposed to this. No, I am kidding, sort of.    I wanted to mention some things that I have had the opportunity to discuss with some of you in the past, just the kind of competitive regulatory environment in the United States, as compared to other countries where you operate. Can you talk about some of the economic, regulatory, and other factors that have the biggest impact on the number of vessels and the operating environment in the United States, as opposed to other countries?    Mr. Graves. Mr. Schoeneman, could you comment on that?    Mr. Graves. Thank you.    Mr. Graves. Thank you. Right now we have fewer than 90 U.S.-flag vessels that are participating in foreign trade. We have seen the trend going downward. Can you tell me how many vessels it is going to take, and when our next major military sealift is going to occur? Obviously there is not an answer to that question.    Mr. Graves. Sure.    Mr. Caponiti.--the sealift to Iraq and Afghanistan was historic. It was very, very cost-effective, very, very timely. The improvements that were made between the first Gulf War and the Iraq conflict were night and day. I mean, the ready reserve force itself wasn't too ready in 1991. DOD was smart enough to----    Mr. Graves. I have a few seconds left. Let me just make one point and get one last question out real quick. With the fraud and abuse that has been documented as we have migrated to a cash-based system, in effect you are subsidizing other countries, as many of these governments are subsidizing their own shipping interests. I think it is an important point to make, in some of the testimony today we have talked about the additional cost by being a U.S.-based company. Captain Murray, could you talk a little bit about the tax differences in U.S. operations, as compared to international, and foreign governments, what are the efforts they take to subsidize their foreign shippers?    Mr. Graves. Look, after I am finished moving to a unicameral system of government, I am going to go to bad attorneys, so we will take care of all this.