    Ms. Hammond. Bondurant, yes.    Mr. Marino .--Mixson & Elmore in Atlanta, Georgia. As a former environmental engineer, her expertise included electricity markets, regulatory jurisdictions and the various responses of legal institutions to scientific uncertainty. Professor Hammond's articles have appeared in numerous top ranked journals and she is the coauthor of one of the Nation's leading energy law texts. She is an elected member of the American Law Institute, a chair elect of the Association of American Law Schools Administrative law section, and a member scholar of the Center for Progressive Reform. She has served as a hearing examiner for state administrative proceedings and has provided service to the International Atomic Energy Agency. Professor Hammond earned her bachelor's degree in economics from Virginia Tech and a JD from the University of Georgia. Welcome, Professor.    Jack Beermann is the Harry Elwood Warren Scholar at the Boston University School of Law. He previously taught at various universities, including Harvard, DePaul, the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya, Israel, and the Chinese University of Political Science and Law.    Professor Beermann is published widely in top-ranked journals. He has authored and coauthored four books on administrative law, including a widely-used case book and the Emanuel Law Outline on the subject. Professor Beermann earned his bachelor's degree in political science and philosophy from the University of Wisconsin at Madison. He holds a law degree from the University of Chicago Law School, where he was elected Order of the Coif and served as an editor of the Law Review. Professor, welcome.    We're going to begin with opening statement, Professor Turley, before we do, there are lights in front of you, and I'm sure that several of you know what those lights are for. I'm colorblind, so I don't know what colors they are. So I'd ask you to keep your statements 5 minutes or less. And if you start to go over 5 minutes, I will diplomatically raise this little thing and tap here to get your attention. So I thank you, and I'd like to start with Professor Turley.    Ms. Hammond. Thank you, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, Ranking Committee Member Conyers, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, for the opportunity to testify today.    We ask a great deal of courts when they review agencies: They police jurisdictional boundaries; they guard against serious errors; they incentivize agencies to engage in legitimizing behaviors, like promoting participation, deliberation and transparency. Now, these things could be achieved with de novo review, but there are important reasons for giving deference to the agencies. Agencies have experience with the statutes that they administer. Relative to the courts, agencies have superior expertise, particularly with respect to complex scientific and technical matters. And deference is an exercise in judicial self-restraint. By deferring to agencies' reasonable explanations, rather than substituting their own judgments, the unelected courts can avoid injecting their own policy preferences into judicial review. Judicial review attempts to balance all of these competing considerations.    Now, the topic of this hearing is Chevron, but I want to emphasize the empirical research that suggests that the court applies Chevron to less than half of the agency interpretations that are Chevron-eligible. There is a whole spectrum of deference regimes that are tailored to the variety of agency actions as particular circumstance warrant. Those approaches should be viewed together as part of a system. Deference is also not a rubber stamp. Under hard look review, for example, agencies must provide reasoned explanations for their interpretive choices or policy discretion. In other words, they must earn their deference.    By the way, this requirement of reason giving helps alleviate constitutional concerns about the administrative state. There are also times when deference is not warranted at all. For example, an agency cannot use a limiting interpretation to cure a statute that is defective on non delegation grounds. There are also a few very unusual cases in which the court has determined that Congress did not intend the relevant agency to exercise interpretive authority; FDA v. Brown & Williamson, and King v. Burwell are examples.    Finally, I want to contextualize this system of deference with the matter of remedies in administrative law.    The deference regimes work together with the remedies. For example, if courts find an agency action is unlawful, they also assess the particular circumstances to decide whether to remand with or without vacating the agency's action.    The point here is, yes, the system is imperfect, but attempts to legislate a fix to a particular deference doctrine are not likely to be effective. The better approach is to craft agencies statutory mandates with particularity to either expand or cabin agency discretion in a first instance, as this institution sees fit.    Thank you, again, for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Hammond. Well, first of all, I'd like to say about this idea of implicit delegation of interpretive authority, the courts themselves recognize that that is a fiction. The courts have adjusted the deference doctrines and the standard of review to the fact of broad delegations of authority. So, for example, while the nondelegation doctrine is a very easy test to pass, agencies are required to provide reasons for what they do. There is no presumption of regularity in the same way that a court reviewing a legislative enactment would provide. And so when courts are reviewing agencies, by asking the agencies to explain themselves, not rubber stamping what they do, courts are actually fulfilling a constitutional role themselves, and policing the boundaries of what agencies are doing.    Ms. Hammond. I'm not.    Ms. Hammond. Yes. That's a great question. And I have published an article in the Columbia Law Review on this issue of what I call serial litigation. So an agency's action is challenged; it's remanded; the agency then corrects itself; the action is challenged again. And courts very often do reward agencies the second time for paying attention.    Our current deference regimes enable this kind of dialogue. When courts explain in a first instance what the agency has done wrong, but remands to the agency for a chance to fix it, this furthers the responsiveness of our administrative state. It's acting within the bounds that the courts have reiterated, and then when it does that, when an agency does that, deference the next time around is appropriate.    Ms. Hammond. Yes. If we ask courts to review de novo, we lose that ability to really bring in the expertise of the agencies and the responsiveness in a dialogic kind of way with--between the agencies and the courts.    Ms. Hammond. That's right.