    Mr. Gomez. Good morning, Chairman Pitts and Ranking Member Green, and distinguished committee members, good morning. It is honor to share Oklahoma's perspectives and experiences on a critically important topic like program integrity in an ever changing healthcare delivery environment. It is important to note that this testimony is that of only one state's program. It is not made on behalf of any of the other states or associations. Equally important is acknowledgment that solutions offered here are not to the exclusive benefit of Oklahoma. This testimony highlights and reinforces the need for state flexibility rather than uniform mandates.    Oklahoma maintains a dedication of integrity in every aspect of our Medicaid program. Recent changes have included improving the process for determining member eligibility, provider contracting and enrollment, claims payments, medical necessity, asset verification, and service verification. Prior to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, Oklahoma made investments toward developing the Nation's first fully automated, realtime online enrollment system. Currently, two-thirds of Oklahoma's applicants for Medicaid are received from a personal or public computer through our online system.    When added to the benefit of our community partners, more than 99 percent of our applications processed in the community are processed in realtime using a rules-based decision engine. In addition to relieving a tremendous administrative burden, this system allows for realtime enrollment, while strengthening the state's ability to verify reported information with various sources, including the Social Security Administration, Department of Homeland Security and the Oklahoma Employment Security Commission.    Oklahoma's pride is in its constant dedication to improving its program's integrity reflected in its payment error rate measurement. The Payment Error Rate Measurement Program is an audit conducted by CMS on a 3-year rolling average to measure the accuracy of payments made to Medicaid covered goods and services. The audit takes into consideration member eligibility, provider eligibility, and medical necessity. Oklahoma's most recent PERM audit identified a.24 percent error rate, .24 percent amongst the lowest of the 17 states with the same cycle. Most states are around 9 percent.    This success is a testament to the engaged provider services and training infrastructure as well as Oklahoma's continual audits to using PERM criteria in the interim during and between PERM audits, something we are very proud of.    Many of the issues being addressed in the upcoming hearings are issues that Oklahoma is facing or has attempted to address in the past.    One issue in particular we have attempted to address on our own and now with the help of Congressman Mullin we are able to address in H.R. 1771. Since its creation, the statutes and regulations governing the Medicaid program have been amended numerous times and now consist of complex, interrelated provisions that are often difficult to understand. One such area surrounds standards to prevent spousal impoverishment. Medicaid statutes allow the spouse of a Medicaid applicant for long-term care to keep a certain amount of his or her resources so that he or she is not required to become impoverished before their spouse can receive long-term care. Unfortunately, individuals are now using court-recognized loopholes to transfer significant resources to a spouse, transfers that would normally disqualify them from Medicaid.    States have denied applicants who are clearly above Medicaid's income standards or resource limit standards only to have the court order the approval of such applications as a result of certain estate-planning loopholes that they recognize are contrary to Medicaid's intended purpose but can only be corrected by Congress.    In an attempt to curtail the practice, Oklahoma denied such application using this loophole that resulted in the Morris v. Oklahoma Department of Health and Human Services. Morris is the seminal 10th Circuit decision which directly impacts not only Oklahoma but five other states in the circuit, but it also has been extended and relied upon in at least three other Federal circuits and several state courts.    The Court's rulings essentially permits a married couple to shelter potentially unlimited amounts of assets through the use of nonassignable, nontransferable annuities in order for the spouse in need of medical care to qualify for Medicaid. In reversing the district court, the court of appeals stated, although we understand the district court's concerns regarding the exploitation of what can only be described as a loophole in the Medicaid statutes, we conclude that the problem can only be addressed by Congress.    The passage of H.R. 1771 would be a needed step towards preserving shrinking resources that would help empower states to ensure those applicants truly in need can still access quality services. I would like to thank Congressman Markwayne Mullin for agreeing to working with the states remedying this and look forward to working together with the committee. And with that, I conclude my remarks and am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Gomez. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Yes, we have seen an increase in the number of annuities as, quite frankly, families have found ways to avoid the 5-year lookback on income and assets. And it has allowed also a growth in the number of promissory notes too, which this amendment doesn't deal with. But it is a growing issue where we have allowed the annuity to be able to shelter assets so the spouse can in the community--the spouse, the institutionalized spouse, will be able to qualify for the program when the assets are there to be able to help pay for the services provided.    Mr. Gomez. That is why we are here, Mr. Chairman, is because we have, in Oklahoma, have cut the program hundreds of millions of dollars over the last couple of years, and every time we cut the program, we recognize that there are potential families that are getting access to the Medicaid program who are not financially qualified. So to answer your question, no.    Mr. Gomez. Yes, I would find that troubling.    Mr. Gomez. The purpose of Medicaid is to provide coverage for low-income families and other categorically related individuals who meet certain eligibility requirements. And it is an income-based program, so it is very difficult to make an argument for anybody above a low-income.    Mr. Gomez. Well, the way the system is set up now through Medicaid is we look at eligibility on a month-by-month basis we are not able to look at it from a, so a person could receive a lottery winning within a given month and then come back and reapply the next month and be qualified for the program, which I don't believe that was the program's intent.    Mr. Gomez. Over a given course of a year, we will serve about 1 million Oklahomans. Oklahoma only has about 3.6, 3.7 million Oklahomans, so more than 25 percent of our population is utilizing the Medicaid program in a given year.    Mr. Gomez. Ranking Member Green, I do not have a number, but I am happy to provide that to the committee for the record.    Mr. Gomez. I would really hesitate to speculate, but I am happy to give you the information.    Mr. Gomez. Let me clarify by what is happening in Oklahoma is Governor Fallin and that legislation has empowered the use of a realtime database that is available to physicians and pharmacies and for us in the Medicaid program to be able to monitor prescription drug abuse in the program. And it requires physicians to look at, when they make a prescription, to look and see if there has been some abusive pattern, physician shopping, or ER diversion, something like that, to where they have been able to see it.    Mr. Gomez. No. We actually have access to the database today.    Mr. Gomez. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gomez. Well, CMS has the oversight. And it is one of those things where we have auditors in our office every day looking at every aspect of the program, both Federal and state level.    Mr. Gomez. Speaking for Oklahoma, in my 15 years in the Medicaid Program, we have never found, been found to have violations.    Mr. Gomez. In Oklahoma, it is about 60 percent.    Mr. Gomez. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gomez. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gomez. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gomez. This October, it will be 60.99 percent.    Mr. Gomez. The Federal Government.    Mr. Gomez. No, sir.    Mr. Gomez. I believe so.    Mr. Gomez. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gomez. Let me find the note on that particular section.    Mr. Gomez. The rationale of the court's decision in Morris and similar cases has been extended in other courts in at least on the 10th Circuit decision to other financial vehicles that similarly thwart Medicaid's intended purpose. In particular, we have seen an increase in the use of non-assignable, nontransferable promissory notes. But that is not the issue, but the issue of annuities, to shelter assets, which the courts have----    Mr. Gomez. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gomez. What they are saying is that, the court's ruling essentially permits a married couple to shelter potentially an unlimited amount of assets through a non-assignable, nontransferable annuity in order for the spouse of medical need to qualify for Medicaid.    Mr. Gomez. Let me go back and say Medicaid statutes allow for a spouse of a Medicaid applicant for long-term care services to keep a certain amount of his or her resources.    Mr. Gomez. So the amount of the spouse of the applicant is referred to as community spouse and the institutionalized spouse. The amount the community spouse is allowed to retain is called the community spouse resource allowance, CSRA. So, in general, Medicaid will divide that couple's total resources in half to determine the CSRA. What the 10th Circuit said is that money can be diverted in that where the spend down can be achieved and still protect----    Mr. Gomez. We have a 30-day with cause termination and a 60-day without cause termination.    Mr. Gomez. We have a Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, as each state does, and we rely heavily on them in the determination of fraud. And then we actually have through our contracting system the ability to go--if we have a new provider coming into the state--the ability to go look on the database and see if that provider has been terminated in other state.    Mr. Gomez. It does. We have an agreement with the licensure boards in order to be able to share that information. If there is a licensure issue, we will be able to take appropriate action within our contract.    Mr. Gomez. Correct.    Mr. Gomez. We actually with that independently evaluated. We have been in the EVV system for a little over 5 years. And the first 3 of that system, Oklahoma has had a 5-to-1 return on its investment through cost savings and cost avoidance.    Mr. Gomez. That is my understanding, yes.    Mr. Gomez. Yes. I think what we are seeing as we are dealing with the annuities in the state of Oklahoma, we are seeing the practice then change to a number of applicants using the court's logic to extend that to promissory notes, to where, again, they are using, it is the same impact, so it is where you are able to shelter some of the wealth from that in a way that is not intended.    Mr. Gomez. Correct. That is what the 10th Circuit effectively said.    Mr. Gomez. Well, I think for Oklahoma we take a lot of pride in making sure that we have appropriate program integrity pieces in place, and we actually do counsel states with our territories and try to share information in terms of how to improve the integrity of the system, even if they don't happen to have some of the resources that other states or territories have. So we do a lot of sharing of information to see what we are seeing on certain activities and how can we share that information to strengthen other programs.    So when we find in Oklahoma, when we find weaknesses in the program using technology, we try to fix it in the system so we can prevent that money instead of a pay-and-chase situation preventing on the front end.    Mr. Gomez. I think the best way I can explain it is the relevant findings of the 10th Circuit Court where we took this issue from Oklahoma, so couples can purchase a qualifying annuity payable to the community spouse without affecting the institutionalized spouse's eligibility for Medicaid benefits. So couples can purchase the annuities as a lawful spend down of the institutionalized spouse's resources. The court will only limit transfers made to the community spouse after the applicant has been deemed eligible for Medicaid assistance so it allows for the unlimited transfer of resources before the applicant is approved. The DRA actually was trying to, had that 5-year look back and this is a way to get around that.    Mr. Gomez. Please allow me to get back with you on that length of time, I don't know, but we certainly would be happy to get that back to you for the record.