    Mr. Gillis. Thank you very much.    Mr. Gillis. It was off.    Mr. Gillis. In addition to representing the Consumer Federation, I am also representing the Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, the Center for Auto Safety, Consumers Union, which is the policy and research arm of Consumer Reports, and Public Citizen. We are extremely grateful for your invitation to appear today. I would like you to consider any of the following experiences, which happen every day. You back into a pole, you sideswipe your car, and fortunately, these fender benders generally do not result in injuries, but they do result in shocking repair costs. Why does a fender bender have to cost $2,000 to $3,000 to get your car fixed? Well, one reason is the cost of the parts that we need to get our cars repaired. For example, Ford charges the same price for a fender as Dell charges for a computer and a flat screen monitor. An unpainted door from Toyota costs the same as a Sears refrigerator, and that refrigerator comes with two doors already painted and already installed.    In fact, a variety of products are cheaper and better today thanks to one thing, competition. In the early 1990's, the car companies asked Congress for special design copyright patent protection on these replacement parts and Congress said no. Blatantly ignoring Congress' admonition, there has been an enormous spike in the number of design patents by companies like Honda, Toyota, and Ford. For these companies to come before you today and say that suddenly, these parts are patentable, when for years and years they were not, is both disingenuous and extraordinarily costly for the American consumer. This is a newfound business strategy, not a legitimate use of U.S. patents. The competition that the car companies are trying to kill lowers prices, provides choice, and improves quality. When we plunk down our hard-earned dollars for a new car, we are buying a car, not a lifetime of indenture to the car companies to buy their brand of parts.    Regarding the safety of these parts, the very organization cited by the car companies, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, did address this issue, and determined in both low-speed damage tests and high-speed crash safety tests, that alternative parts, CAPA certified to be the same, in fact performed nearly identically. I have been fighting for safer cars for over 35 years, and I find it bizarre that the car companies are coming before this Committee to allege that their illicit use of design patents is for safety reasons. This very Congress has caught these car companies red-handed, foisting unsafe air bags, ignition switches, and other defects on their very own customers. In fact, in addition to cheating on fuel economy standards for the last 2 years, about three times as many cars have been recalled as have been actually sold. The most tragic irony of the lack of competition is what I call the automaker's double whammy. Not only can the car companies charge whatever they want for the parts that we need to fix our cars, but when they charge so much that the car is totaled, our only recourse is to go back to them and buy another one of their products. Imagine that business model.    And here is the icing on the cake. In spite of all of their admonitions against competitive parts, Ford, GM, and Chrysler have all entered into special agreements, specifically allowing independent manufacturers to make their patented parts with no oversight or specifications. Are not these the very parts that they are railing against? Nevertheless, because of these patents, they are getting royalties for the manufacture of the very parts they are telling this Committee should not exist. That, to me, is the height of hypocrisy. So we applaud Representatives Issa and Lofgren for introducing H.R. 1057. It is a step forward in protecting the American consumer from being forced to pay unfair prices to fix our own cars, while still enabling the car companies to retain the design patent protection on the overall vehicle. So on behalf of the Consumer Federation of America, the Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, the Center for Auto Safety, Consumers Union, and Public Citizen, I strongly urge Congress to adopt the repair clause to the design patent law. And we thank you very much for providing us with the opportunity to discuss this issue we did today.    Mr. Gillis. Yes, that is a possibility. I think that overall there are probably a number of industry areas that could use this type of repair clause for manufacturers.    Mr. Gillis. Well, at this point right now, it is one of the most expensive items that consumers experience on a day-to-day basis. When you back into a pole and it costs you $3,000 or $4,000.    Mr. Gillis. That is right. Expense is the key rationale.    Mr. Gillis. Well, 20 years ago, the car companies came before Congress, and Congress said, ``No,'' so thankfully, to Representative Issa and Representative Lofgren, we have raised this issue again.    Mr. Gillis. Yes. As you see from that chart over there, there is an exponential increase in the number of parts that are being designed patent by the car companies.    Mr. Gillis. Exactly.    Mr. Gillis. Well, first and foremost, the parts should be certified to be functionally equivalent to the car company brand parts.    Mr. Gillis. Well, there is at least one agency that I am familiar with called the Certified Automotive Parts Association. It has been around since 1987, and in the interests of full disclosure, I am the executive director of that nonprofit group.    Mr. Gillis. Absolutely. When you look at the comparative cost of an OEM part to an aftermarket part, it is phenomenally different, and that is what consumers pay for if they are crashing the car themselves and paying for it themselves, or it is being incorporated into their insurance premiums.    Mr. Gillis. Thank you.    Mr. Gillis. Well, I think you are already seeing those savings because most insurance companies do already use aftermarket parts.    Mr. Gillis. Well, I think you have extrapolated the opposite way, and you would probably see insurance premiums raised if these parts were not available to the marketplace.    Mr. Gillis. Well, I think that is a fundamental right of the American capitalistic marketplace that has caused consumers great benefit over the years and taking away competition from the consumer is un-American.    Mr. Gillis. I am implying a fundamental right to choice, a fundamental right to options in the marketplace, and that fundamental right is also one of the biggest benefits that corporate America experiences when they offer us different products.    Mr. Gillis. They have a right to enforce those patents when those patents are legitimate, but in the case of this particular situation, I would like your opinion as to why all of a sudden, all of these parts are patentable, when 10 years ago they were not.    Mr. Gillis. Look at the list.    Mr. Gillis. And they chose not to patent them.    Mr. Gillis. Why are they choosing to patent them today? They are choosing to patent them today because that is a way to limit competition.    Mr. Gillis. Well, thank you, Representative Conyers. As you well know, I am one of America's leading auto safety advocates, and this is of great concern to me. The good news is that all of these parts are subject to the same recall requirements that car company brand parts would be subject to. In addition, with the concept of reverse engineering, it is relatively straightforward to make a part that is functionally equivalent to the car company parts, and finally, the industry that is probably most concerned about auto safety is the insurance industry, not only because they may be good guys, but because it is in their best interests to keep personal injury claims down, and as a result they created the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, which has tested parts that have been certified to be the same, and they perform the same in both low-speed and high-speed crash tests, so I do not think Representative, you have to be concerned about the safety issue, as long as the manufacturer has been certified to be the same as the car company brand part.    Mr. Gillis. Well, first and foremost, I think the evidence is in this chart over to my left. All of a sudden, in an effort to disrupt the competitive marketplace, the car companies are starting to put design patents on these individual parts. There is nothing more special about these parts today than 15 years ago, but they have taken on the design issue or design patent issue as a business strategy rather than a legitimate means to protect the design of an individual part. The second issue is that by putting these patents on individual parts, they are preventing me as a consumer from having a variety of choices when I go out to get my car repaired. As I said in my testimony, I bought the car. I did not necessarily want to become an indentured buyer to the car company for the rest of that car's life. I want choice.    Mr. Gillis. That is correct, yes.    Mr. Gillis. Well, first of all, it is important to note that the parts are here today, and consumers are benefitting from those parts being in the marketplace, and they are benefitting in two ways. They have access to less expensive parts, plus their very existence keeps the costs of the car company part in check. When you pull these parts out of the marketplace, there will be no reason for the car companies to keep their prices low. They will have a monopoly, and they can charge anything they want for those prices, so thankfully the parts are here, and thankfully consumers are benefitting from those parts. The problem with these patents laws is that they are now taking these parts out of the marketplace, and that is what is going to hurt consumers.    Mr. Gillis. Right now, the--probably, there are few industries that are more competitive than the insurance industry. We consumers are shopping around like crazy for insurance policies, so if the insurance companies can keep their policy prices in check, they are going to be very happy to be able to do that, and if they can lower their prices, they certainly will because that is the way we are buying insurance these days if you see any of the ads on TV about which insurance company is the least expensive. So conversely, however, if these parts are pulled out of the marketplace, you are going to see substantial increases in the cost of getting cars repaired, and that cost will be simply passed right on to us either in higher insurance premiums, or if we do not have adequate insurance out of our own pockets.    Mr. Gillis. Well, congressman, you know that our position actually is from day one, they should not be allowed to put design patents on these individual items. If it is wrong after 30 days, or if it is correct after 30 months plus one, it should be correct after plus one, so I think that where you are going with this is number one, we fully respect the design of the car should not be tampered with, and Ford should not be able to copy Chevy's car at all, nor should Ford be able to build parts to copy a Chevrolet. The beauty of your legislation is that we call it a repair clause. These parts are designed to be repaired to allow the consumer to repair the car, not build a new car or make it look like the original car, but to repair their own car, and we need the freedom to be able to buy these parts unencumbered at a reasonable price, so if the manufacturer wants to hold these designs for 14 years, and, as you suggest, then the next year slightly put another wave in it, then they get another 14 years and another 14 years on top of that, again, we see that as an illicit use of very important design patent laws.    Mr. Gillis. That is exactly right, and the best evidence of that, congressman, is who among us after our warranty is expired is going to go back to Ford to buy a battery? To buy a muffler? Very important and sophisticated parts of the car, or to buy a tire. We like that freedom in mechanical parts, which are probably far more important to the safety of the vehicle than exterior cosmetic parts, so we just want that same freedom when it comes to exterior cosmetic parts.    Mr. Gillis. That is right, and in fact Ms. Burris alludes to the concept of utility patents in her presentation, her written presentation, and our theory is, if the hood has certain waves in it that are of a utility function, then they should get a utility patent, and that is perfectly fine, but what we are talking about is design patents for very important functional parts.    Mr. Gillis. Well, right to repair is critically important, and it has become more important as automobiles have become more sophisticated, and the car companies tend to be closing up the ability of independent repairs to be able to get the computer diagnostic materials, the parts, even the tools, in some cases, to repair those cars. So it is clear that the fender, hood, and grill issue is just the beginning of the car companies wanting complete vertical integration over the control of this particular part, and that is bad for consumers.