    Mr. Watt. Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today about the Financial Stability Oversight Council. And to be back before this committee, on which I served for 21 years.    As an independent regulator, FHFA is responsible for the supervision, regulation, and housing mission oversight of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Federal Home Loan Bank System. In addition, since 2008 FHFA has served as conservator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. FHFA's housing market expertise contributes to FSOC's ability to understand and better assess broad systemic risk.    As I recall, ensuring that FHFA contributed this kind of expertise to FSOC was especially important to Congress, both because housing represents a significant part of our economy, and because the most recent severe disruption that our economy experienced resulted from business entities and others making unsafe and unsound housing and housing finance decisions.    Through FHFA's active participation in all FSOC committees, FHFA engages with other FSOC members to share information, evaluate policy matters, and conduct risk assessments of business entities and markets in which they operate. FHFA also participates with other members of FSOC in making assessments of whether to designate non-bank financial companies for supervision by the Federal Reserve.    If so designated, these companies are required to meet enhanced prudential standards. This is a significant and important FSOC function, and it is one that all FSOC members, including myself, take very seriously. These decisions are made only after extensive engagement with the company, a thorough analysis of the facts, and careful deliberations.    Going forward, I look forward to continuing to engage with fellow FSOC members to meet our duties and responsibilities in a manner that fosters transparency, is fair and analytical, and contributes to appropriate risk management and risk reduction.    I will limit my comments to these statements, and I look forward to answering your questions today.    Mr. Watt. I have not seen the report that you are referring to.    Mr. Watt. Yes. We are not second-guessing the statute. We didn't write the statute, but I think all of them are--well, actually, I was involved in writing the statute.    But I am not in a position to second-guess it now. I voted for it. Right.    Mr. Watt. I think these are really the same factors that any of us would take into account. It may not be specified in a statute for individual banks. But one of the primary problems during the meltdown was there was no supervision, and no method to get at non-bank entities, because they didn't have--they weren't answering to anybody.    Mr. Watt. I thought that is what this was designed--specifically what this talks about.    Mr. Watt. I think it would probably be more appropriate for Mr. Curry and Mr. Gruenberg to answer that. I don't regulate banks. But I would think that they take into account all of these considerations.    Mr. Watt. I want to be clear that the reason I would not raise my hand is because I would not make a unilateral decision. This is a collaborative body. FSOC, if we got together, would turn over whatever would appropriately be turned over to Congress. And I think I would be a supporter of that being a robust turn over of information. But I certainly wouldn't make even a unilateral decision.    Mr. Watt. But that is not a justification for an individual member of a collaborative body to make a unilateral decision to turn over confidential information.    Mr. Watt. I was just going to refer you to the specific wording of the statute which says that we--the Council determines that material financial distress at the non-bank financial company, that is the standard that is set up in the statute.    So, it is an appropriate standard, I think. But, again, we are not trying to second-guess the statutory provision that was written by Congress. We are following the statute, not second-guessing it.    Mr. Watt. Not from me.    Mr. Watt. I quit keeping time when I left--    Mr. Watt. --to practice law, Mr. Stivers.    Mr. Watt. We spend a lot of time--    Mr. Watt. --discussing a lot of issues and I--    Mr. Watt. Regulatory overlap is one of those I think--    Mr. Watt. I agree.    Mr. Watt. I think there is an ongoing obligation of Congress to look at every aspect of the financial services industry and the housing finance industry. And I think there are important needs that could be looked at in the Federal Home Loan Bank System.    Mr. Watt. I come whenever you call me. I have been here one time, since I was--    Mr. Watt. If they were not in conservatorship, I think you would be absolutely right.    Mr. Watt. Because we continue in conservatorship because the Legislative Branch has not acted on GSE reform.    Mr. Watt. I think we been in conservatorship, Fannie and Freddie, for 8 years. It is the longest conservatorship that has ever occurred under government control. While the risk of the work that we are doing is much, much less now than it was at the onset of the meltdown, staying in conservatorship is just not sustainable.    You have a high risk of losing the most qualified people to the private sector. I could keep going on.    Mr. Watt. You should act, yes.    Mr. Watt. Not directly. We are always evaluating every decision that all of these regulators make. But we don't oversee the Fed.    Mr. Watt. That assumes that they are destabilizing. I wouldn't assume that position or conclusion.    Mr. Watt. That is not in the jurisdiction of FSOC.    Mr. Watt. You are asking about post conservatorship or--    Mr. Watt. Well, a lot of what can be done after conservatorship depends on how GSE reform is done--    Mr. Watt. --and what the rules of the road going forward are.    Part of the challenge of being in conservatorship is one of the things I have found to be true is that lenders price uncertainty. And right now they don't know what the future is. So as prices go up, there is a price to uncertainty of what the future holds in this area.    So, I just--there are a number of things that need to be done to address this because we need the availability of capital for people to be either homeowners or affordable renters.    Mr. Watt. Yes.    Mr. Watt. It is funded the way it is set up under the statute. You will have the authority to change it if you wanted to do that. But--    Mr. Watt. I don't agree or disagree. If you can get it passed, I am sure FSOC would comply with it.    Mr. Watt. We had a full briefing before we voted on that budget, and I am sure at the time, I understood every aspect of it. I don't remember specifically what each category is now. But we didn't just rubber-stamp that budget, I can assure you.    Mr. Watt. I think it would be appropriate for you to make that request to FSOC rather than to me individually. I would not submit it as an individual member of FSOC.    Mr. Watt. I don't have any. So, I can tell you that now.    Mr. Watt. If you can get it passed, we will comply with the law. I will comply with whatever law you pass. But--    Mr. Watt. I don't think it is reasonable--    Mr. Watt. We have tried out a number of risk-sharing mechanisms, trying to transfer as much of the risk to the private sector as possible. We are concerned about the capacity of the private sector to take on this risk, particularly in an economic downturn, or a distress situation.    And if the entire system were converted to the private sector, you would have that risk of not having a backstop during a downturn, and you would have the risk of--I think--of increased cost to a borrower, both of which I think would need to be evaluated by Congress as they evaluate how to move forward.    Mr. Watt. I generally couldn't explain it when I was here, so I certainly can't explain it now.