    Ms. Kendall. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning, members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today regarding the work of the Office of the Inspector General.    This hearing highlights the importance of bringing into the public view the role of the OIG as an independent, objective body to investigate matters that ultimately violate the public trust.    I must emphasize the dedication and hard work of OIG staff and give credit to those who produce the results that are the subject of today's hearing.    These recent hearings have also reinforced our focus on analyzing patterns of misconduct, examples of retaliation or intimidation, and systemic failures in management and internal oversight of critical processes within the Department, such as human resources, and contract and grant management.    With fewer than 80 investigators, we work with constrained resources to address the ever-increasing complaints and allegations we receive throughout the year from multiple sources. With limited time and resources, we tend to move from case to case without considering cross-cutting impacts or patterns that our investigations uncover.    Recently, however, we have begun to look for investigative trends that may eliminate more systemic issues within the Department and its bureaus. The OIG has established a reputation for fair and thorough investigative and audit work. While we produce a significant volume of both investigative and audit work, in light of our work size we are not always able to transmit and make public our work products as quickly as I would like.    Our effort at transparency, something that I believe is unparalleled in the OIG community, has its own challenges. In preparing public versions of these investigative and audit results, we must address grand jury secrecy rules, privacy issues, confidential business and proprietary information protections, and protection of confidential sources. This effort can be quite time consuming, but I believe that the benefit of the resulting transparency is well worth the effort.    By reducing the time we provide to the Department for consideration from 90 to no more than 30 days before publishing investigative reports or summaries on our Web site, we provide all of our stakeholders with clear expectations about the public availability of our reports.    Much of our investigative work includes working with Assistant U.S. Attorneys (AUSAs) and other officials in the Department of Justice. We have strong working relationships with many U.S. Attorney's Offices, which has resulted in the prosecution of cases throughout the country.    A couple of examples of these effective working relationships with DOJ are our considerable involvement with the Deepwater Horizon Task Force, both criminal and civil, which were led by DOJ and resulted in record-setting fines and penalties.    We also had great success in the Guardians Task Force, which was led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Montana, to address public corruption involving tribal leaders. This model has become a standard for task forces in Indian Country.    We consult with DOJ on all allegations that involve potential criminal violations. A considerable number of these cases do not get prosecuted for any number of appropriate reasons.    Other times, a matter may be accepted for consideration for prosecution, but gets delayed due to higher priority cases or other resource limitations. The process of prosecutorial consideration is very deliberate, very detailed, and at times, completely out of our hands.    I reiterate my thanks to the subcommittee for holding this hearing today, for giving these issues the attention they deserve, and for recognizing the need for transparency and accountability in this important area.    This concludes my prepared testimony, and I am happy to answer any questions committee may have.    Ms. Kendall. We met with the Chief of Staff, the Deputy Secretary, and a member from the Solicitor's Office to talk about how the Office of Inspector General might improve on what I referred to in my testimony, which is identify patterns and repeat offenses of retaliation and intimidation, people who are repeat offenders in terms of misconduct, and bring that to the attention of, essentially, the Secretary's Office.    What we have done in the past is usually work at the bureau level, work with the bureau directors, or sometimes even lower than that.    Ms. Kendall. Not really, sir, no.    Ms. Kendall. I would not say most of them. The ones where we actually do identify potential criminal violations early, we might engage the Department of Justice early. Many of the cases may have criminal implications, and we will not bring them until we have really come to the end of the case.    Ms. Kendall. Exactly.    Ms. Kendall. It can slow the progress, yes, sir.    Ms. Kendall. No, sir, it does not.    Ms. Kendall. When we work with U.S. Attorneys, we actually have an additional authority usually through the grand jury system. We maintain our Inspector General subpoena authority regardless; but, when a U.S. Attorney is involved, they usually decide whether to use a grand jury subpoena or an IG subpoena.    Ms. Kendall. I would not say it is unusual.    Ms. Kendall. I don't have a percentage or even a raw number. I could get that for you, sir.    In the cases where we engage with the U.S. Attorney's Office early, we usually have a sense of how things are going. We are usually hopeful that there will be a prosecution.    Ms. Kendall. We will do that.    Ms. Kendall. Yes, sir, they did.    Ms. Kendall. Yes, sir.    Ms. Kendall. We may have. My recollection on that one is that we worked with one U.S. Attorney's Office. We may have had a couple AUSAs working on it, but I may be mistaken there.    Ms. Kendall. That is a difficult question to answer. We believe that there was enough evidence to present it to the U.S. Attorney to consider it for prosecution. I cannot speak for what the Department of Justice considers.    Ms. Kendall. Yes.    Ms. Kendall. Yes, sir, I am.    Ms. Kendall. No, sir.    Ms. Kendall. I don't recall that was in his email.    Ms. Kendall. I would say his apology was much more the latter. I thought it was terribly qualified and not as sincere as I would have liked to have seen.    Ms. Kendall. I would say it is the latter.    Ms. Kendall. I would look at his letter to his employees. I think it suggested that he was sorry that it happened, but when he spoke to our investigators, as you know, sir, he said he would do it again if it came to that.    Ms. Kendall. Yes, sir.    Ms. Kendall. Yes, sir.    Ms. Kendall. It was a relative of her ex-husband, yes, sir.    Ms. Kendall. I don't remember precisely. It was more than once.    Ms. Kendall. That is my understanding.    Ms. Kendall. I believe so, sir, yes.    Ms. Kendall. I believe so.    Ms. Kendall. I believe she retired around the beginning of this calendar year.    Ms. Kendall. Once she is retired, the Department is very limited in what they can do.    Ms. Kendall. Not that I know of, sir.    Ms. Kendall. I would have to----    Ms. Kendall. No, I believe we had a complaint come in regarding this.    Ms. Kendall. We have many, many cases in the pipeline. I don't know that we have any with this kind of egregious hiring issues.    Ms. Kendall. Thank you.    Ms. Kendall. The former Secretary, Ken Salazar.    Ms. Kendall. Yes, sir, we got a letter from then-Chairman Doc Hastings.    Ms. Kendall. What we found is that there was unusual access to the BLM by Bob Abbey's former partner, who was involved in the land sale, and that Abbey had personal substantial involvement in the approving of that land sale, which is a violation of the ethics rules.    Ms. Kendall. Going by recollection, I believe that he met specifically with the individual who was trying to accommodate the sale, who was his former partner and would be his partner again when he retired; and if I remember correctly, he was the ultimate person who needed to approve the sale.    Ms. Kendall. I believe so, yes.    Ms. Kendall. I don't believe so.    Ms. Kendall. In that regard, sir, I believe that my office is working with the Department's Office of Suspension and Debarment to ensure that they are not able to do business with the Department of the Interior or, quite frankly, with other departments in the Federal Government.    Ms. Kendall. I don't know one way or the other, sir.    Ms. Kendall. I believe so, yes.    Ms. Kendall. Well, I don't know--there are a number of them. Certainly she gave preferential treatment, which is something that a public service simply should not do; and she also provided information that was not readily available to the public to an individual.    Ms. Kendall. Perhaps.    Ms. Kendall. There is usually a range of penalties. In this case I don't know specifics, but it can be anything from a written reprimand to removal.    Ms. Kendall. We have received information that they intend to, but I don't believe we have received any final information as to what they have done.    Ms. Kendall. It has probably been within the last 4 weeks that we received that response from the Department, but I can get that information to you.    Ms. Kendall. I believe so, yes, sir.    Ms. Kendall. We refer cases where we believe we have evidence of a criminal violation. We do not make the distinction that we have enough for a conviction. That is really for the Department of Justice to make that decision.    Ms. Kendall. I don't have that today. We can certainly get that to you, sir.    Ms. Kendall. Some certainly involve non-government employees.    Ms. Kendall. Again, I would have to get that information to you, but I would be glad to do that.    Ms. Kendall. I believe so, yes.    Ms. Kendall. There is a general statute of limitations, about 5 years for most crimes.    Ms. Kendall. I don't know precisely for this.    Ms. Kendall. I believe so.    Ms. Kendall. Probably about the same time.    Ms. Kendall. We often do that, yes.    Ms. Kendall. If the statute of limitations has not run out, they probably would have the technical authority to do so.    Ms. Kendall. I don't know that we have done that. There may have been some cases where we have gotten an initial declination; but in discussions with, say, the U.S. Attorney or Assistant U.S. Attorney, there is more work that we could do where we would represent, but I don't come up with any examples of that offhand.    Ms. Kendall. There are reasons that we go to the U.S. Attorney's Office to actually to get a declination. In some cases, we know that there is a potential crime, but there are problems with the case that it probably would not be prosecuted. If we get a declination from a U.S. Attorney's Office, we can then compel a government employee to speak to us, whereas if the criminal actions were still outstanding, they would be able to refuse to speak to our investigating agents.    Ms. Kendall. Yes, sir, I believe so.    Ms. Kendall. That is my understanding.    Ms. Kendall. That is my understanding, yes, sir.    Ms. Kendall. Certainly my office did not. We did not know about it, and I do not believe that we had any indication that Fish and Wildlife did.    Ms. Kendall. Yes, sir.    Ms. Kendall. That is my understanding, yes, sir.    Ms. Kendall. Yes, sir.    Ms. Kendall. That is my understanding, yes.    Ms. Kendall. No, I do not.    Ms. Kendall. Yes, sir.    Ms. Kendall. I understand that the analyst involved, the one who was manipulating the mass spectrometer, is no longer employed with USGS. I don't know the status of the supervisor.    Ms. Kendall. That was precisely the scope of our review. We conducted an inspection, which is a very narrow, focused review, and our purpose was to identify those documents that this scientific data was used in.    Ms. Kendall. We did not go into the decisions. The actual publications and other things that used this data are attached to our report in, I think, Appendix B. We itemized the areas where that data was used.    Ms. Kendall. We did a comparison of the hours that he billed for Fish and Wildlife versus the hours he billed to WAFWA. I don't know that we did an analysis as to whether those overlapped or were double billed.    Ms. Kendall. I am not aware of that.    Ms. Kendall. I would have no basis to disagree.    Ms. Kendall. I know that USGS itself used the lab. I could not tell you sitting here today what other agencies used this lab. We may or may not have that information. If we have it, we would be glad to get it to you.    Ms. Kendall. I simply don't know, sir.    Ms. Kendall. I believe some had to be recalled, yes.    Ms. Kendall. I don't know that for a fact, sir. Our goal in this review was to identify those areas where the data had an impact, and USGS is actually taking steps to make that extra determination that you are talking about, that is, dissertations, and other kinds of research that may have relied on this bad data.    Ms. Kendall. Not that I am aware of.    Ms. Kendall. It may have been. I do not have information to say one way or the other.