    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman, in your testimony, you indicated that the NRC expects to review an application for interim consolidated storage in 2017. It is my understanding that waste control specialists in Texas announced that they may submit a licensed application during the coming year. It is also my understanding that there is an Energy Alliance in New Mexico that may also, at some point, submit an application. I do not thing the time is as clear. Do you have enough money in your budget to adequately address one, and possibly two applications during the coming year? And if not, what are you lacking to make sure that they receive consideration?    Mr. Visclosky. If you could, for the record, that you are clear for, if nothing else, the Texas application, assuming that it would come online for '16, I would appreciate it very much.    Mr. Visclosky. Just as far as spent nuclear appeal storage, what is in the pipeline and how do you expect to prioritize different application requirements?    Mr. Visclosky. But it would not be your anticipation? That would be for the coming fiscal year?    Mr. Visclosky. You would not anticipate those to be coming for the fiscal year we are funding. I just want to make sure you have enough resources if there are other things that are coming over the horizon.    Mr. Visclosky. If you could for the record, please. Thank you. Thank you very much, Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you very much Mr. Chairman. For either witness, if you could tell me what a crosscut program is for the department?    Mr. Visclosky. I appreciate that explanation. According to the testimony in the office, there are 32 energy Frontier Research Centers, two Energy Innovative Hubs, three bioengineering research centers, and five crosscut programs. In the 2017 budget, apparently there will be five more energy frontier research centers added, industry linkages for the bio energy research centers will be expanded, and there will be an enhanced role for the crosscut programs in the office.    Mr. Visclosky. That is a lot of irons in the fire. Who coordinates the priorities as far as research and the consistency of research given that you are at the Department of Energy? So there are lots of things going on here.    Mr. Visclosky. When you say ``use inspire'' what does that mean?    Mr. Visclosky. So who ends up coming up with those ideas and who is coordinating that pure if you would and applied research and how often at some point do you say this is not working out and we have a finite number of dollars in our budget and we are going to cease and desist?    Mr. Visclosky. Is there one office someplace that looks at all of these?    Mr. Visclosky. So it is your office. There is a proposal on the ledger for five more projects. Were people sending requests in, was it internally generated where there were 20 proposals and you picked five?    Mr. Visclosky. Mr. Chairman, I understand in my absence there was a discussion about the issue of new facilities coming online and the problem of making sure you can pay for their operation.    I would just associate myself with that conversation. I do not know if it got specific enough as to whether or not the agency is going to provide a 5-year plan to show how this is going to work out as far as the operation of these new facilities. I do not think that is a bad idea either to put that into context.    So thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Doctor, I understand you were confirmed on August 6th. Why did you want the job?    Mr. Visclosky. You've got your bases covered.    Mr. Visclosky. If my----    Mr. Visclosky. I believe that you do and I appreciate as a Notre Dame grad myself----    Mr. Visclosky. Yes. She is acting like she did not know.    Mr. Visclosky. She is acting like she did not know, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. Which explains why you took the job.    Mr. Visclosky. No.    Mr. Visclosky. Let me--because we have a hearing. But I will tell you, and I am deadly serious, you may have the most difficult job in the United States Government, because I have been on this wonderful subcommittee with great jurisdiction and great member staff for a long time. And I must tell you, every year when we have a hearing on environmental cleanup it is exactly the same hearing.    You reference your time in the 1980s. I have a question on Hanford. I visited Hanford in the last century, and I see the same question here.    I visited those tanks in the last century. On overbudget projects, it is a 5-to-1 ratio as far as those that are not overbudget compared to those that are. On Hanford, again, I see a question on proposed milestones being shifted further to the right when in the last century I visited those tanks and was told this was going along just like sliced bread, which is not your fault, but you are responsible now. I wish you well and trust that you will try to imbue everybody in your Department with a sense of urgency.    I do believe, and we can have a budget conversation all day, that some of this is administration requests and congressional decisions as far as resources. I have had the privilege to be in the chairman's position as well as ranking, that at some point there is a finite amount of dollars. If we do not clean it up this year, we will clean it up this year. Well, I have been saying that since the last century, literally. So I do hope with whatever resources we are allowed to give you--and I know the chairman and ranking are killing themselves to do their very best here, there is no question about that--that you just use every dollar as efficiently as possible.    And I hate to take the commissioner's time. I do have two questions, though.    On Savannah River, on the processing of plutonium, have you looked at the total cost of the investment needed at Savannah River to support the NNSA's plan and the increased operating cost of securing the area? And if so, is the cost one that should be born by your Department or NNSA?    Mr. Visclosky. Right. But if I could ask you about the--because I also understand if you are talking about infrastructure that the budget request is a hundred billion below this year's level.    Mr. Visclosky. For deferred maintenance.    Mr. Visclosky. My understanding is the budget request for deferred maintenance is 100 million below this year's level.    Mr. Visclosky. If you could for the record. If we could get back to who should bear the cost.    Mr. Visclosky. Who should bear the cost?    Mr. Visclosky. But on Savannah, and I appreciate that, I guess my second question was on deferred maintenance. Do you have an estimate on the increased operating costs? And again, do you believe that is your responsibility going forward if it proceeds or is that NNSA's responsibility?    Mr. Visclosky. For theirs, okay. All right.    Mr. Visclosky. Thank you very much. Good luck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Visclosky. No, thank you, Mr. Chairman.