    Mr. Forbes. Before I begin my opening statement, let me just say that just last night I was briefed on the Farsi Island incident in January involving two U.S. Navy riverine boats and was deeply disturbed by what I heard. I was disturbed not just by the details of the incident itself, but about what they imply about the training and materiel readiness levels of our forces on the front lines and about our ability to deter Iranian aggression and malicious behavior in the Middle East.    Unfortunately, I think this administration's policies have seriously undermined both with grave implications for our men and women in uniform and our national security.    So I want to take this time to encourage my colleagues on this committee and throughout the rest of the House to get the briefing on this important topic.    And today, the subcommittee convenes to receive testimony on logistics and sealift fleet requirements.    I want to welcome our distinguished witnesses and thank them for the time and effort they expend on this most important issue. Gentlemen, we thank you for being with us today and for everything you do to defend our nation.    Since its earliest days, America has been a seafaring maritime nation with a robust merchant marine. Today, merchant ships carry around 90 percent of everything with the total amount having more than tripled since 1970. This seaborne trade fuels our economy and creates critical links with the global commons.    Unfortunately for our national security, however, this seaborne trade is being increasingly outsourced to other nations and our own merchant fleet is in decline.    Between the years 2000 and 2014, our U.S. commercial fleet has shrunk from 282 vessels to 179, a reduction of almost 40 percent. This commercial fleet reduction is increasingly problematic for the U.S. military and specifically for the U.S. Transportation Command because these vessels support the military's maritime lift requirements and their crews provide the manning for military's mobilization forces according to MARAD and TRANSCOM's assessments.    A reduction in the overall U.S. commercial sector has severely jeopardized our ability to sustain any level of prolonged military logistics support.    Furthermore, we are perilously close to not having sufficient mariners to support even the initial mobilization of our Navy's Ready Reserve Forces.    Unfortunately, the administration's fiscal year 2017 budget request accelerates this decline and weakens our military. The administration has proposed reducing funding for the Maritime Security Program by almost 20 percent. Such a reduction will, in my view, undoubtedly reduce the size of our commercial fleet below TRANSCOM's military requirements and reduce our military surge capacity.    I look forward to better understanding the administration's proposal, but I am determined to change this dangerous trajectory.    Overall, I am concerned that this administration does not fully appreciate the connection between the health of our merchant fleet and our national security. Proposed changes to the Food for Peace program continue to hurt our farmers and our mariners.    While these changes would have economic impacts, this subcommittee is focused today upon its harmful impact to military readiness and the security of our nation.    In 1897, the first president of the Naval War College said that both from the military and economic view, an extensive marine commerce is a primal necessity to a country aspiring to be a naval power. In the years since, America has become the greatest naval power the world has ever seen.    But we must not let further decline in either our Navy fleet or our maritime commerce undermine our position.    I now turn to my good friend and colleague, the ranking member of the subcommittee, Congressman Courtney of Connecticut, for any remarks he may have to make.    Mr. Forbes. Without objection, they will be so entered.    And now we are pleased to have such a distinguished panel with us today. We have the Honorable Paul N. Jaenichen, Sr., Maritime Administrator for the U.S. Department of Transportation.    Thank you so much for being with us.    Also, Lieutenant General Stephen Lyons, U.S. Army, Deputy Commander of U.S. Transportation Command.    General, it is always a pleasure to see you and thank you for being here.    And then Mr. F. Scott DiLisio, Director, Strategic Mobility/Combat Logistics, that is a whole mouthful to be able to say, Director, but thank you, for the Office of Chief of Naval Operations.    And we, as Mr. Courtney and I told you before, we just appreciate so much your service to our country, but we also thank you for being with us today.    And Mr. Jaenichen, I think you are going to start us. And we look forward to any remarks that you may have.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Jaenichen, thank you so much for your testimony.    General, we would love to hear any comments that you might have.    General Lyons. Thank you, sir. Chairman Forbes, Ranking Member Courtney, distinguished members of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, I want to thank you for inviting me and my colleagues, Administrator Jaenichen and Mr. DiLisio, here to discuss our military sealift capability that is so incredibly essential to our national defense.    It is my distinct privilege to be with you today representing the outstanding men and women of the United States Transportation Command. As this committee knows, a major strategic advantage of the United States is our ability to project and sustain forces anywhere at anytime around the globe. And that is dependent on a ready sealift enterprise.    Our nation has been and will continue to be reliant on sealift as the predominant means to move military equipment and supplies in support of global operations.    To accomplish this task, our nation's strategic sealift capability comprises two distinct fleets. First, the government organic fleet consisting of pre-positioned ships that are at strategic locations worldwide, and a CONUS-based fleet of reduced operating status vessels largely available in 5 days.    Second is a U.S.-flag commercial merchant fleet managed by commercial operators engaged in daily commerce for which MARAD provides government advocacy.    These two fleets, government and commercial, are inextricably bound together by the merchant mariners that crew both. U.S. merchant mariners crew our pre-positioned ships that are currently deployed and commercial commerce fleets day to day, and in crisis are called to crew our Navy sealift fleets. So without a healthy U.S. merchant mariner fleet, we lack the capability to deliver our military forces to war.    As I sit here today, it is our collective assessment that our military sealift capacity, organic, commercial, and the mariners that crew them, is sufficient to meet our deployment surge requirements in accordance with our national military strategy with acceptable risk.    Over the last 20 years, a series of mobility capability assessments have validated an enduring requirement of roughly 20 million square feet of roll-on/roll-off space, that is about 91 vessels, the ability to surge 34,000 containers, 86 petroleum tanker ships and a myriad of specialty ships, such ships that enable us to bring joint logistics over the shore to create multiple dilemmas for any adversary and multiple options for joint force commanders.    However, despite being in good shape today, we are keenly aware of two trends that are cause for concern and action to ensure that the strategic logistics remains a competitive advantage of the United States.    We share MARAD's concerns regarding the health of the U.S.-flag commercial sealift industry. DOD's emergency preparedness programs, like the Voluntary Intermodal Sealift Agreement, known as VISA, and the Voluntary Tanker Agreement provide access to commercial fleets. And DOT's Maritime Security Program provides incentives for carriers to retain the U.S. flag.    These programs not only enable DOD to gain critical access to U.S. commercial vessels, but also access to global networks and the merchant mariners that I mentioned earlier.    The MSP program provides ready access for up to 60 commercial ships and is dependent upon three legs of a stool: the first being government-impelled cargo, the second commercial workload, and the third a congressionally appropriated stipend to offset the costs of operating under a U.S. flag.    We think our reliance on the commercial industry for ships and mariners is a cost-effective means of providing military sealift when compared to the cost of building an equivalent government capability.    The national security sealift policy underscores our role as a maritime nation and clearly articulates the need for DOD to retain the ability to respond unilaterally to security threats.    We appreciate MARAD's efforts and congressional interest in stemming the decline of our U.S.-flag merchant fleet in order to sustain our current capacity that is so necessary to retain our DOD readiness.    The second area I will just touch on briefly of concern is the emergency age-out of our government organic sealift fleet. The average age of this fleet is approximately 40 years old and our first vessels will begin to reach their 50-year life service in 2020.    As a result, the United States Navy is developing a sealift recapitalization plan to prevent loss of DOD's capability to assure we have sealift requirements. And we appreciate Mr. DiLisio's outstanding efforts in this area.    Finally, I will highlight what many senior DOD leaders and the service chiefs have already addressed, and that is how the emergence of great-power competition changes the way we need to think about maintaining the competitive advantage that USTRANSCOM brings.    The joint operating environment is changing rapidly and not necessarily in predictable ways as emerging adversaries will attempt to counter U.S. interests and contest our operations in the domains of cyber, space, air, and maritime in ways that we have not seen before. Given all of this, we are confident that our need to project power will not decline.    In closing, I again want to thank this committee and my colleagues from the Navy and MARAD for your continued leadership at this critical time in our nation's history. I look forward to your questions and ask that my written statement be submitted for the record.    Sir, thank you.    Mr. Forbes. Without objection, all the written statements will be submitted for the record.    And Mr. DiLisio, we are glad to have you and look forward to your comments.    Mr. Forbes. Well, thank you so much for being with us, and for all of our witnesses.    I am going to defer my questions until the end. I have a number that I just need to get on the record, but I want to make sure all of our members can get their questions in first.    Mr. Courtney, if you don't mind, I have one motion to make before I recognize you.    Mr. Garamendi has joined us and we are glad to have him. And I would just like to make sure he can ask his questions. So I ask unanimous consent that non-subcommittee members be allowed to participate in today's hearing after all subcommittee members have had an opportunity to ask questions.    Is there an objection?    Without objection, non-subcommittee members will be recognized at the appropriate time for 5 minutes.    Mr. Garamendi, we are glad to have you with us today.    Mr. Courtney, you are recognized for any questions you might have.    Mr. Forbes. The distinguished gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Byrne, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, Mr. Byrne.    The chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee, Mr. Wittman, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. I agree.    The gentlelady from Missouri, Mrs. Hartzler, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Gentlemen, as we mentioned to you before we started, we now have a series of votes. I think it is five votes, if I am not mistaken. And so if it is okay with you we are going to recess during those votes and then we will all come back after that time.    So we stand in recess until the completion of these votes.    Mr. Forbes. Gentlemen, we are going to go ahead and get started, if it is okay. Mr. Courtney said that was okay with him.    And I have a few questions. As you know, I deferred mine until after the other members, and then Mr. Garamendi will have his time for questioning.    But General, if you could, and these are some questions we just need to get on the record for our transcript, but how many ships are required to support the Maritime Security Program?    General Lyons. Sir, thanks for the question. TRANSCOM fully supports the 60 ships that are in the Maritime Security Program and the capability that brings.    Mr. Forbes. In your best, professional military judgment, is there a sufficient analysis to underpin the 60-ship military requirement?    General Lyons. Sir, there is. Really, over the last 20 years we have done several mobility capability assessment studies, all arriving at similar types of conclusions in terms of the types of vessels and the capability we need to surge. So yes, sir.    Mr. Forbes. In your best, professional military judgment, does the fiscal year 2017 budget request support the 60-ship MSP requirement?    General Lyons. Sir, it does support a 60-ship MSP requirement. You know, the big question alluded to earlier is, are those incentives inside that program sufficient to retain the U.S. flag. And I think Administrator Jaenichen addressed those earlier, sir.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Jaenichen, TRANSCOM has indicated a military requirement of 60 ships. Once again, can you explain the impact of the fiscal year 2017 budget proposal to the MSP force structure?    Mr. Forbes. If you had to venture your best estimate based on the fiscal year 2017 budget and what it would do to the force structure, how many ships do you think it would reduce the structure by?    Mr. Forbes. That is fair.    General, what is your assessment of our U.S. mariners' ability to sustain a full-scale mobilization of the Ready Reserve Force?    General Lyons. Chairman, I think where we are today, we would be able to support a surge of the force. But as Administrator Jaenichen indicated, we are in a downward trend in the number of mariners. We are very, very concerned. We are right on the margin between medium and high risk to be able to mobilize that fleet. And of course, the bigger issue is to be able to sustain that fleet over a long period of time, prolonged period of time.    So we have some serious concern. Even though today I think we are okay, we have some significant concerns about that capability in the future.    Mr. Forbes. Could you help me in terms of surge capability and tell me, we could do it initially, could we sustain it over any length of time? And if so, what would your approximate length of time be that you would tell the committee?    General Lyons. You know, Chairman, difficult to say. Enemy gets a vote how long the duration of that conflict, per se. Administrator Jaenichen, I think, has indicated in his mariner assessment that we would be able to surge the fleet and sustain it for a several months, but not much past that point. And I will defer to MARAD on that, sir.    Mr. Forbes. Okay. If our nation loses another 200 U.S. mariners, will we have sufficient forces to even support the initial activation of the Ready Reserve fleet?    General Lyons. Again, you know, MARAD has done a lot of work here. The analysis that I have seen, we have got some concerns about where we are in the threshold. Again, I think we would be able to surge the fleet initially. The ability to sustain that really becomes somewhat problematic for us.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Jaenichen, could you comment on that, if you would?    Mr. Forbes. If we lost 200 mariners, would we be in high risk?    Mr. Forbes. General, how important is the Ready Reserve Force to our military's ability to support a full-scale mobilization?    General Lyons. Chairman, it is extremely important. In fact, without that Ready Reserve Force fleet, we would be unable to deliver a significant portion of combat power globally. So we are absolutely reliant upon that capability from the pre-positioned ships that are forward positioned, to the surge fleet, to the Ready Reserve Force fleet. Those are critical in our ability to project power.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Jaenichen, over the long term would the administration's Food for Peace proposal increase or decrease the number of U.S. mariners?    Mr. Forbes. Okay. How does the loss of mariners impact the military's ability to support the Navy's Ready Reserve Force, General?    General Lyons. Chairman, the merchant mariner is inextricably linked to the Department of Defense's ability to project force. And so as I indicated earlier, the predominant cargo, both equipment and supplies, go by sealift. And so without that merchant mariner capability, we don't have a DOD surge sealift capability.    Mr. Forbes. And Mr. Jaenichen, what is the administration's plan to provide sufficient mariners to support sustained operations, not just the initial activation of the Ready Reserve Force?    Mr. Forbes. Mr. DiLisio, will the proposed inactivation of a T-AOE in fiscal year 2017 increase or decrease our military readiness?    Mr. Forbes. The administration has proposed to eliminate an aircraft carrier, euthanize 11 cruisers, eliminate a carrier air wing, and now inactivate another T-AOE. Is the inactivation of the T-AOE driven by fiscal pressures?    Mr. Forbes. Okay. Just a couple more questions and then we will move on.    This is for Mr. Jaenichen and General Lyons. There are some in Congress that have indicated that the United States should outsource our military maritime lift capacity to other foreign nations and that U.S. crews should be replaced by foreign crews. Could you both explain the value of an organic maritime lift capability and why Congress needs U.S. mariners in the MSP program and the Ready Reserve Force?    Mr. Forbes. General, do you have thoughts on that?    General Lyons. Chairman, yes, sir. We believe that the case for a U.S.-flag fleet is compelling. There is no guarantee whatsoever that a foreign-flag fleet will sail into harm's way, as the Administrator said, and we have had cases of that in the past.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Garamendi, if you would be patient with me, one more. We have the gentlelady from Hawaii and then we will be right to you.    So the gentlelady from Hawaii is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman from California, Mr. Garamendi, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. We thank the gentleman.    And Mr. Courtney is now recognized for any questions he may have.    Mr. Forbes. Well, thank you, gentlemen.    As you remember, Mr. Courtney and I had indicated to all three of you that at the end we would give you whatever time you needed to clarify any of your remarks or to add anything to the record that you thought might be pertinent.    So we will start now, and just thank you again for being with us.    And Mr. Jaenichen, any closing thoughts that you have for us?    Mr. Forbes. Thank you.    General, any closing remarks that you would like to offer us?    General Lyons. Chairman, thank you. I think it was said today this is clearly a national security issue. This committee certainly recognizes that strategic mobility is a competitive advantage of the United States.    And sir, I would just like to thank you, leadership, the entire committee for your work to keep our national defense strong. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, General.    Mr. DiLisio, we are going to let you have the last word.    Mr. Forbes. Gentleman, thank you all so much again for your service to our country and for being here today.    And if there are no other questions, we are adjourned.