    Mr. Capuano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, gentlemen. I am not going to say anything you don't already know, so you can go to sleep, it doesn't much matter.    But to be perfectly honest, I just got off a plane. If a drone pulls down a plane that I am on, I guarantee you everybody you represent is going to get sued. And if you put me on a jury on a case like that, you are all going to lose. Because we can do something. Maybe it is not perfect yet. I am sure it is not, because this is a new and evolving technology.    But doing nothing in the face of a clear danger is not an excuse, to be perfectly honest. Getting it right over time, fine. But we should be doing stuff. Putting an educational packet--look, I own two drones. Not really big ones. I haven't got a clue what the heck I am doing with them, either. I really stink at it, which, of course, is a danger.    Now, I don't know about the 2-mile limit on the airport, I live within 2 miles of an airport, and probably a lot of my constituents live a lot closer than that. I don't know. I wouldn't intentionally try to bring down a plane, but Christmas presents, Christmas Day, some kid doing something on a drone you can get out of Brookstone, nothing special. This is crazy.    We can do it on automobiles, we can do it on my phone. If I drop this phone today, right now, some very smart 15-year-old technology kid could figure out where I bought it, who it belongs to, where I was yesterday, who I called, et cetera, et cetera. Yet, if it happens to a drone, nobody knows. ``Well, I saw something, I don't know what it was.'' Come on. You can put VIN numbers on it, you can put all kinds of wonderful, tiny little technology on it, even in something as small as your finger. And if you can't do it, I can--not me--I can find people who can do it, to be able to track it down.    Never mind the regulations. Now, I am all for those thoughtful regulations, thoughtful licensing. Not a problem. I am not trying to shut down the technology at all. I think this technology is opening up a wonderful new frontier, both for hobbyists and for professionals at all kinds of levels. But it also presents a danger, and that danger shouldn't be accepted. And just because it is difficult, doesn't mean we shouldn't do something.    So, I don't really have any questions, because I know you can do it. I just see a reluctance to do it, especially from the FAA. And I don't understand it. I don't understand it at all. Do something before somebody loses their life on this. I don't want to be here, yelling at you for having done nothing. That is no fun. And I certainly don't want to be yelling at you if it is somebody I know, and somebody I love, or somebody you know and somebody you love, or somebody in your profession. This is crazy. Just get it done.    Now, again, I understand it won't be the last item. I know that this is an evolving thing. I know that coming up with smaller things and bigger uses--and I am not so sure about the 2-mile radius, because there are some parts of a 2-mile radius that there's no planes at all. But I also know that there are some places beyond 2 miles that it does. So I am not sure what the answer is.    You guys know it. You already know it. I am not trying to involve myself, or trying to prohibit any hobbyist from doing anything that is reasonable and thoughtful. And I think that 99 percent of the people who are using these things are well intended, and just might make accidents. But accidents didn't stop us from putting VIN numbers on automobiles, on 15 different places on automobiles. Accidents happen.    But there are also some people that are bad people. And if there are bad people out there doing bad things, we haven't done anything that I know of to be able to allow us to find them. If somebody intentionally goes out to Logan International Airport tomorrow and sits in East Boston and flies a drone intentionally into a plane to kill somebody, we have allowed the technology to not exist. And it exists easily to be able to find that perpetrator. So you can have all the criminal prosecutions in the world. If you can't find them, it is not going to help. You can find my phone, you can find my automobile. Heck, for all I know, you can probably find my underwear. I don't know. But we can't find drone owners, because we haven't required a simple item to be installed. If you want to do size, do size.    By the way, at Logan we have a lot of geese. You can't control geese. But we chase them around. We get dogs to chase them around. They have a great time. We do something. Maybe there are better ways to do it, but we do something. Something is always better than nothing in the face of a known danger.    Like I said, I wasn't going to say anything you didn't already know, but thank you for listening.