    Mr. Cosgriff. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the subcommittee for having us today. I am the president and CEO of the National Electrical Manufacturers Association, some nearly 400 members that provide virtually everything in the electrical world, and I appreciate this opportunity to talk about EPCA with the subcommittee.    We have a central position in this dialogue given that 20 of the 63 covered products are made by NEMA members, and an additional 30 covered products contain components made by NEMA members.    I have three main points that I would like to make today. First, as has been stated, there are diminishing energy savings returns to multiple rulemakings on the same product. That is not saying that we don't believe in energy savings. We are just saying there is diminishing returns on multiple rulemakings that ought to be considered.    Future energy efficiency opportunities should include looking at energy use systems, not simply components or individual products. And lastly, serial regulation does, over time, limit consumer choice.    First, on diminishing returns. EPCA was written 40 years ago, and many of the covered products have since achieved then unimagined levels of efficiency. Several products have been through two or more different rulemakings, and the EPCA statute requires the DOE to determine whether higher standards are warranted on every single covered product at least every 6 years. This applies even to products that have already reached the stage of regulatory maturity, as it were, that is to say, the products for which cost-effective efficiency improvements have essentially reached their limits. Cost-effective energy improvements have reached their limits.    There are two components to this situation we believe warrant congressional attention. We should retire several and mature covered products, and by that, I mean retire at the current level of efficiency, not backslide, and that stakeholders, including Government, should be given sufficient time to analyze the impact of a previous regulation before a new rulemaking cycle kicks off. Rarely has a product entered the market before the next rule process kicks off. There has not been enough time to really analyze the information in the real world to see if it works.    My second point is that energy efficiency opportunities should begin to looking at energy use systems. EPCA was crafted for individual products. The challenge ahead, I think, is to build on this past industry success with a new, more holistic approach to these savings opportunities. Individual products are increasingly interconnected and operate as a system, rather than singularly. We suggest Congress consider this opportunity when discussing energy savings.    Think energy savings from a building versus energy savings from a lamp. Demands from--my third point is serial regulation impacts consumer choice. Demands from global competition, Government regulation, and all important consumer preference requires manufacturers to sprint to remain competitive. While our members are accustomed and good at running this race, and endless regulatory environment erects hurdles that they must repeatedly clear each and every time to remain viable. They are the definition of having skin in the game.    One tendency of EPCA, however, is that over time, it will trend towards eliminating certain products from the market. Under this type of regulatory scheme, there will be fewer and fewer choices offered to consumers. We assert that markets should drive and, in fact, are driving the energy-efficient economy. One choice that markets can do without, however, is availability of products entering the United States that do not comply with U.S. law and policy. This deprives consumers of energy-efficient benefits, and disadvantages law abiding manufacturers. This is an area where the Federal Government especially could be helpful with policing up these imports.    In conclusion, electrical manufacturers' contribution to the energy efficiency economy has been diligent, and I believe commendable. Throughout this effort, NEMA has made constructive proposals to Congress, to DOE, and working with other stakeholders to advance energy efficiency where we believe it was justified and where the savings were significant. We have resisted regulation for the sake of simply doing something more when the benefits are insignificant, Or the costs were just too high. The 40-year-old model of regulating energy use in single products has, in many cases, done its duty, but its diminishing returns are exacting an increasing cost for our industry and higher price for our consumers.    The legislative overhaul that builds on the success of the last 40 years, but allows us to all keep the energy efficiency economy moving forward is what we wish to support. We urge Congress to seize this unique opportunity. Thank you. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Cosgriff. I would agree with that, it made me think, as Mr. McGuire was answering your question, the product cycle of some of the products entering the market now in our area, LED lamps as an example is in many cases, less than a year. So if you miss one of these hurdles I refer to, you have missed a product cycle. That is a very big deal.    Mr. Cosgriff. And for a small or medium size company of which there is many making LEDs, that could be fatal.    Mr. Cosgriff. Absolutely not.    Mr. Cosgriff. More collaborative----    Mr. Cosgriff. I didn't say many. I said that we should be on guard to make sure that nonqualified products enter the stream of commerce inside the United States.    Mr. Cosgriff. I am sorry?    Mr. Cosgriff. We receive information from our manufacturers routinely that they find products in the stream that don't, by objective standards, meet the standards of the United States of America.    Mr. Cosgriff. They might be, yes, sir.    Mr. Cosgriff. Well, NEMA in the past has worked with commerce in the area of counterfeiting to take our expertise from our member companies and make it available--Customs, excuse me, Customs and Border Security to make it available to their agents so they can though what they are looking for, to be able to identify what constitutes a valid third-party certification mark, what might be a counterfeit and other tells that you might see in products.    Mr. Cosgriff. Mostly enforcement, yes sir.    Mr. Cosgriff. Do I believe the current standards have?    Mr. Cosgriff. Can drive more innovation. I think the manufacturers are driving innovation. I think competition is driving innovation and I think standards have a part in that, but I wouldn't overstate what they are part is.    So if a product is at the low end of efficiency, then the standards are a welcomed boost. If a product like a transformer is approaching 99 percent efficiency, I am not sure what their accomplishing.    Mr. Cosgriff. Yes and to Mr. Yurek's point to follow it up a little bit, we are sitting around a table taking about technical things, you better have the technical chaps to have that conversation. And so in this highly quantified algorithm that ASRAC and DOE consultants use, I would like to see inside that. We have mathematicians, we can figure it out. I don't understand why we can't see what the key assumptions are and how those assumptions play inside the model that they are run through the computer.    So one of the things we learned over the last 4 years I think is that that incoming tide has raised all the boats. This is a good news story, so now let's perfect it so let's do it in as scientific way as possible and as transparently as possible.    Mr. Cosgriff. There would be a number of things. I think clearly it may not be DOE's responsibility, but it would be their responsibility to make sure that their fellow travelers principally, Customs and similar policing function are aware of what the standards are, what to be looking for.    Mr. Cosgriff. I think industry has a role in that too. We should step up offer our technical expertise. There is other distributors would have a role in that, systems manufacturers will have a role in that. So it is not going to be one easy solution, but we don't want the products in the stream or in the system.    Mr. Cosgriff. Three years sticks in my mind, I think it would be different for different products, I mentioned lighting happens a little bit faster. If we are meeting a motor efficiency standard, that is a little more complex machine. So I think it is different.    But assuming we have 3 years to get into compliance and then that gives you 3 years of run time before the next rulemaking kicks off and DOE tends to as you would expect, and as they should, start that rulemaking early so they are able to comply with the law when they get to 6 years.    I would also point out in the covered products for NEMA, we know of only two times where the Department has chosen for the cost-benefit analysis to forego the rule.    Mr. Cosgriff. It pretty much is, as Mr. Yurek said, it is going to take us some additional time depending upon the product.    Mr. Cosgriff. I certainly agree with what my colleague says, and I think what I have heard is--listening to this conversation is, at least by the manufacturers, this is not an assault on the standards. This is--we want the energy-efficient economy to thrive. It is good for business, as Elizabeth Noll pointed out. That said, it can be more transparent.    The Department of Energy has some true experts in their field, but so do we, and it should be, as was stated, let's put the numbers on the table, and then let's bring in the business people and say, OK, the cost of efficiency improvement goes like that or goes like that, but the efficiency curve is almost flat. At some point, we got to call it off.