    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to the witnesses for being here. For anyone that can answer, if someone deletes an email that he or she has already sent out, would the ISP be able to retrieve that at some point?    Mr. Gohmert. Couldn't it be retrieved from the person to whom it was sent?    Mr. Gohmert. Right. The issue there, and I'm not one of the co-sponsors at this time, even though I am one of the persons proudest of the work that Kevin Yoder has done in getting this bill to this point. I think it's fabulous. I think it's important. My concern has been, is that we have left a provision at page 10, for example, that allows the governmental entity to apply for a court order so that they can still not inform the individual. And that's fine to my mind if there's a question of endangering the life or physical safety of an individual, like a child that was talked about, flight from prosecution. As a former judge, I've signed all kinds of felony warrants. But I made sure that there was probable cause. And I made sure there was particularity in the description in the affidavit, as well as in my warrant.    And I felt very comfortable in 2005 and 2006 when the Bush administration was ensuring us we would never use the national security letters for anything unless there was someone who actually had contact with an international terrorist or terrorist organization, those type of things. And then we find out in I think in July of 2007, the IG said there were potentially thousands of abuses where there was basically no case, they just sent them out. And I'm surprised to hear this from me, but in the New York Times, there's a good article by Carla Monyhan talking about Nicholas Merrill, how he fought to disclose the contents of the NSL. And then we also, with the disclosures of Snowden, yes, he committed an act of treason, but he also exposed lies by the last Administration and this Administration.    When I saw the order, the affidavit and order regarding Verizon's disclosures of all of their metadata, I realized we were lied to by both Administrations about what was being sought. We were told that, look, you don't have to worry, there's a FISA court, a confirmed judicial nominee that's a Federal judge, they'll protect the Constitution. There was no particularity at all, just give us everything on everybody you got. And the judge just signed, oh, okay, you want everything? Here's everything. I couldn't believe it.    And so I'm not as comfortable with providing the exception that I'm sure was demanded by governmental entities. And I'm wondering if an excuse of destruction of, or tampering with evidence or intimidation of potential witnesses, enough to get an order saying we can avoid informing whoever sent the email or whoever should have possession of the email, we don't have to inform them if we're concerned they might delete the emails. Really? Well, that would always be a concern. So you could always, always, always get some judge somewhere that would sign off on that order. I know that now after seeing the disclosures by Snowden. So I'm not comfortable that this is really going to be that helpful because of that massive gaping hole.    On page 11, it says that basically the provider would have the burden of notifying the government at the end of the exclusionary notice time. The provider has the burden of notifying the government. The government, okay, my time is about up, so I'm going to notify the subject of the warrant, so that the government can get, there should be no burden on the provider to do that. If the government wants to keep that secret, the government should try to extend it. But I'm not sure that it wouldn't be extended automatically in virtually every case.    Mr. Rosenzweig, you say that we should not--we've always protected a man's documents and we shouldn't change that because it's in a cloud. I would agree. But the ISPs require we check a box that says these documents aren't yours anymore, they're mine. And I'm wondering if maybe we should have some legislation that tells ISPs, you know what, these documents, they really are the property of the person that created them, not the one who holds or provided the safe to put them in.    Mr. Gohmert. Anybody care to respond?    Mr. Gohmert. Okay. Thank you very much.