    Mr. Dodaro. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Good afternoon to you. Ranking Member Congressman Cummings, members of the committee, I'm very pleased to be here today to discuss GAO's 2015 report.    We identified 24 new areas with 66 recommendations. These include a recommendation to the Congress to create a formal coordinating group to focus on the oversight of consumer protection issues. There are 20 different agencies involved in this effort at least. There's fragmentation, overlap of responsibilities, and greater efficiencies that can be achieved as well as better protection to the public.    We also have recommendations for greater coordination among the 42 programs and six agencies that provide nonemergency medical transportation. Here we're concerned that not enough cooperation has been gained yet from the Medicaid and VA programs, which are big players. And there's not a cost sharing agreement in place. The council coordinating this activity hasn't met since 2008. This is a big issue, particularly with the aging of our population and the need for these nonemergency medical services among the aged, the disabled, and those without the means to provide their own transportation for needed health care.    We also identified a component of provider within the DOD healthcare system that was set up originally in 1982. It's now being duplicated by the TRICARE program, which was established in the 1990s, and we recommend that that component can be eliminated, thus saving millions of dollars with a careful transition to ensure that nobody has interruption in services that are provided.    We also recommend reexamination of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. With U.S. production now at record levels, and reserves growing both in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve and the--and private sector reserves, we now hold much more than we have to to meet international requirements in the reserve. This could free up potentially, based on the reexamination, oil that could be sold to reap billions of dollars that could be used for other government priorities and also reduce the operating costs of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, which is aging and in need of further repair.    We also identified areas that were established of 11 hospitals that provided cancer treatment in the 1980s when most cancer treatment was in-patient concern. Now, more hospitals can provide it as outpatient concerns. And if those hospitals were treated the same way other hospitals that are treating cancer payments now and at a level playing field, the Federal Government could save $500 million a year in Medicare spending, healthcare spending. So these are a few of the examples.    As has been mentioned, in the past 4 years, we've had over 440 recommendations. Thirty seven percent have been fully implemented. Thirty nine percent partially. Twenty percent not at all. The amount of money that's been saved so far has been $20 billion in implementing our recommendations, with another $80 billion in the works that should be achieved in the coming years. But there's plenty of money left on the table here in areas that can produce additional billion dollars in savings and efficiencies. We've grouped them into a number of categories. You could be more aggressive on strategic sourcing, the leverage, the government's buying power. Right now, OMB is moving on this as Beth will talk about, but we need to be more aggressive in setting targets and to achieve the savings that are necessary.    In February, I was before this committee talking about IT operations and the acquisitions. We put it on our high-risk list across government. Their concerted efforts could save millions of dollars, if not billions of dollars in waste and inefficiencies in IT operations. We've had many recommendations to streamline activities at the Defense Department to reduce overhead, help control their healthcare costs, reduce the cost of weapon systems. We have recommendations to reform Medicare and Medicaid payment processes and oversight processes to reduce healthcare spending, which is much needed at this point in time. We've got recommendations to also increase tax revenues and to rationalize some benefit programs where there's some overlapping and duplication in benefit programs.    So I appreciate the opportunity to be here today and discuss these areas in further detail during the questions-and-answer period when it's appropriate. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. The information in our report about the status of actions taken by agencies was as of March 6 last month. OMB's strategy just came out at the end of March, March 25. So we believe that it's responsive to our recommendation, in part, and are pleased that the national strategy has how been issued. It needs--it's a document that's going to require some additional development and support on the details to implement it, but it addresses some of our concerns so far. So we're pleased with the document, but it's a timing difference, Mr. Congressman.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. No, I do not think enough is being done. I think there have been some steps made. You know, I was so concerned about this area that I added it to our high-risk list across the Federal Government.    There are really a couple of dimensions. One, is more money is going in to continue to support the legacy systems, the old systems from the past, and that's a trend that's different than what's happening in other parts of the economy, and we think more could be done there to review ongoing spending operations to see if there can be greater efficiencies and drive down the cost.    Secondly, OMB has moved forward on the data center consolidations, looking at the portfolio for duplicative investments, doing these tech stat assessments on troubled projects that are high risk. But much more needs to be done to be consistently implemented across government. There are huge opportunities here to get better service at less cost.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. Definitely military costs are something we point out as a big cost driver, along with healthcare costs. Now, healthcare costs are on an escalating course just as they are in other sectors of the economy.    Mr. Dodaro. With regard to the headquarters operations, I'll ask Cathy Berrick, who is our expert in defense. But basically, Congressman, they're only looking at certain aspects of their headquarters operations when we believe they ought to be looking more broadly across the department. And as a result, they're not seeing good opportunities, as many opportunities as we believe need to be reviewed. And they need to do it on a regular basis.    Cathy.    Mr. Dodaro. That's correct.    Mr. Dodaro. I'd have to----    Mr. Dodaro. I'm going to ask Jay McTigue, who heads up our IRS work, to respond.    Mr. Dodaro. Well, in that respect, we have made a number of recommendations on how our IRS could more efficiently use the resources that they have. For example, to get return on investment information, we identified, if they shifted $124 million from field exams to correspondence audits, they could increase revenue by a billion dollars during that period of time.    There's also things that Congress can do to help the IRS. For example, we've recommended that paid tax preparers have some certification requirements and that the Congress give IRS the authority to do that. Most of the tax returns are prepared by paid tax preparers. The last time we looked at this, we did undercover operations, only two of the 19 paid tax preparers gave the right answers to the questions we asked.    Mr. Dodaro. Give IRS the authority to regulate paid tax preparers.    Mr. Dodaro. And also----    Mr. Dodaro. And the biggest thing Congress could do is simplify the Tax Code.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. Mr. Gaffigan is our expert in this area.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. That is.    Mr. Dodaro. There are billions of dollars that can be saved in that area. I will have--Mr. Powner is our expert in the IT area. He can enumerate for you.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. Well, there's--to put things in, perspective though, of the amount of money that's been saved so far, planned to be saved, the 100 billion, the 80 and the 20 so far, most of that has come through the Congress passing legislation. So, I think, you know, for balance purposes, I think Congress has taken some actions that have resulted in probably about 75 or 80 percent of the dollar savings has come from the Congress taking action over a number of areas.    Mr. Dodaro. So, I wanted to put that in perspective.    There are number of areas in this--in this area. One, I mentioned some in the IRS areas right now. You could also increase the requirements for electronic filing that would give IRS more data to be able to use, give them increased information sharing areas. We have recommendations on how CMS ought to adjust the Medicare Advantage payments for Medicare payments, fee for service payments that could result in about, at least, $2 to $3 billion in increased savings.    I mentioned in my opening statement the--these 11 cancer hospitals that were established in 1982. They have a different payment method. They get reimbursed all their costs, where other hospitals are providing cancer treatment get reimbursed at negotiated rates. Put them on a level playing field, you'd save half a billion dollars a year right there.    I mentioned the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. The energy is going to move in that area. Congress should pay oversight in that area. We've had recommendations that there are duplicative situations that are unintended where you have somebody receiving a disability benefit and an unemployment benefit at the same time. Changing that statutorily would save about $1.2 billion.    Mr. Dodaro. I believe it has to be statutory, but I'll double-check and provide an answer for the record on that.    Mr. Dodaro. There's also--we're not offsetting--the government is not offsetting pensions for State and local governments from Social Security benefits for spousal and survivor benefits. The administration has made proposals in this area to get this corrected for the last 4 years, and we think they're right, and the Congress just needs to pass legislation in this area. This is where, you know, for Federal employees, they have the information. They can offset it. For State and local governments don't pay into--some of their pension systems, they don't pay into Social Security, so they get a separate benefit, and the Federal law says that should be offset in that area and over time.    There's also an area where, through demonstration projects, right now, the administration has the ability to approve tens of billions of dollars in additional Medicaid spending without the Congress having any insight into it, and we believe that that spending has not been budget neutral and according to the policies for HHS. And we think that that could be, you know, attended to as well to deal with these healthcare spendings.    We've also suggested--there's a component in the DOD health system that was established in 1982 and before TRICARE was established in the 1990s. Now, TRICARE offers the same benefits as the component within DOD. We think that could be eliminated, could save millions of dollars. That has to be done statutorily.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. Yes. Yeah. We find that there are many reviews within the system that are duplicative and take years to complete and thousands of man hours to be able to handle those things. I will ask Paul Francis to explain.    But we think the weapons systems acquisition process can be streamlined from a process standpoint, but they also need to implement best practices to mature technologies before they go into production. Both things have the potential to save tens of billions of dollars.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes.    Mr. Dodaro. I will ask Mr. Gaffigan to talk about that. They used to have a formal agreement, which is expired. And we're recommending they reinstate the agreement. I think it mostly had to do with one of the agencies moving to a quarterly inspection process and from an annual process and they got out of sync. And so they haven't talked to one another in the way that they should. And both have had trouble staffing, even though the inspections that they do.    Mark.    Mr. Dodaro. This is not----    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. This is not complicated.    Mr. Dodaro. Now, we do work at NASA. That is rocket science, but this isn't.    Mr. Dodaro. 2007 or 2004.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. And this can have--if the inspections aren't done properly, it can have implications for industry as well because they need to have the certification that they meet these requirements, and so that's one of the things we point out in the report. So this has not only implications for the Federal Government not leveraging its resources properly, but for industry as well.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. We're starting to do that now. The statutory requirement we have to produce this report is confined to across the Federal Government, but I believe there are areas of opportunity in streamlining across Federal, State, and local governments. And we're starting a pilot program now in the housing area to look at that, and I plan to do other areas.    It's a complicated analysis because most of the States are different and they don't have standard procedures, but we have a very complicated intergovernmental delivery system in our country that, I believe, is pretty expensive, and I'm not sure we can afford to maintain it going forward. So I want to move into that area into the future.    Mr. Dodaro. Okay. Actually, I have an advisory group of State auditors and local auditors that advise us. Elaine Howle, the State auditor from California, is on that group. So they're working--we're working collaboratively with State and local auditors as well.    Mr. Dodaro. Two-thirds.    Mr. Dodaro. Now, I'm not a betting man, just for the record.    Mr. Dodaro. I'd say about half.    Mr. Dodaro. Still about half.    Mr. Dodaro. Correct.    Mr. Dodaro. It's both the administration and the Congress. That's why we have--keeping separate scores for what actions we've recommended that the Congress has to take and what actions the administration has to take. And that's how we define accountability.    Now, accountability gets fuzzy when multiple agencies are involved in fixing a problem. And really our government structure is not well postured to deal with problems that involve multiple agencies. In the executive branch, an OMB would have to take action, but they have limited resources and the ability to produce change across time. And in the Congress, you have multiple committee jurisdictions. And so it's difficult to solve problems.    Forty percent of what we have recommended that involve a single agency have been addressed. Only 25 percent where multiple agencies are involved have been addressed. And that's where I think the real weakness is in how we're organized both in the executive branch and the Congress.    Mr. Dodaro. Well, I'm not sure I would say everything is top down. I think there's a lot of things that go on throughout the bureaucracy that the top doesn't know about, you know, and so I think there's--you know, it's like parallel universes. I think that there's, you know, no such thing as a command and control structure except in the military that works effectively.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah.    Mr. Dodaro. No.    Mr. Dodaro. Right. Right. No, no, no, you're astutely observing. One of the more enduring problems in the government is that the incentives are more perverse than they are in the proper direction, and, you know, there's more incentive to make sure that you have the budget necessary. There's more incentive to pay quickly and then worry about whether you paid the right person later. There's more incentive to build structures.    Now, they're all well intended in terms of trying to accomplish the mission of their agencies, but there's really--you know, aside from an individual's sort of view on what their role as the Federal Government should be, as being a good public servant, there aren't really built-in systematic incentives to help produce the right outcomes.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. Yes. I mean, we've looked at a lot of best practices and have tried to get them implemented in agency policies and moving things forward, but they run against this tension that occurs in the backdrop, and it's--it's really exacerbated too by the fact that we're not producing regular budgets on time in the Federal Government. I mean, in the last 50 years I think we've only had three instances where we've passed a budget without some form of continuing resolution for the rest of the government.    So when you're in an uncertain budget environment, that complicates even if you have a good incentive structure in place. So I think we have to get to a regular order and then we can, you know, work to build better incentives into the system.    Mr. Dodaro. Thank you.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. Let me ask Ms. Berrick to come and provide that. I appreciate your sponsorship of the amendments. It was very important. Thank you.    Mr. Dodaro. There's not been an area where we've said you could do away with all activity in a particular area. I mean, most of those are policy judgments that would require the Congress to say there's not a need in this particular area for you to do that. We have, you know, recommended where you clearly have duplication, and this year's--our prime example is this institution that was created in 1982 within DOD. It was well intended. It was a public service function that was turned over to DOD to help serve the military and their families, but then TRICARE came along about 15 years later, and as typical in the Federal Government, we just layer things on. You know, we don't never go back and take anything away, and so now the same people can be served by the TRICARE community and you don't need this separate system. And within--when Congress created this, it gave DOD a difficult task because they can't even get the information from the providers in this contract to know what their direct costs are and what profit margins and administrative costs are. So they're really disadvantaged of this area. So we're identifying where you have clear duplication, you can eliminate that duplication, save a lot of money. That's been most of our focus.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. Our experience over a 4-year period of time, 80 percent of our recommendations get implemented. And what we feature in our high-risk series and this overlap and duplication report are those where they haven't yet been implemented that require some difficult decisions. They're among the more difficult areas in the Federal Government. But also to your earlier question, one of the things that's really inhibited us from making stronger recommendations about whether you need to retain some of these functions is the lack of good performance evaluations in the Federal Government. And Beth just mentioned in the science, technology, and engineering area, what we first looked at--there were 209 programs, 66 percent of them had never been evaluated. So you really didn't know what was working and what was not working, and this is not atypical across Federal Government.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. I'll ask Ms. Berrick to explain in that area, but I was very concerned. They've made such incremental progress in correcting the data in their database, it was almost imperceptible, but they need to do a lot better job. If you're going to intelligently manage things, you need better data.    Mr. Dodaro. Cathy.    Mr. Dodaro. I think this is an area for congressional direction to DOD. That works effectively through the authorization bills to get their act together in this area.    Mr. Dodaro. Sure.    Mr. Dodaro. Be happy to.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes.    Mr. Dodaro. Right. We've made recommendations, for example, on this eliminating the overlap between the disability benefits and unemployment insurance and people receiving those at the same time. We've made recommendations on crop insurance, for example, that there be limits placed on the amount of subsidies for purchasing the premiums on crop subsidies. We believe that could save a couple billion dollars, and to--Congress a while ago changed the taxes on certain tobaccos for cigars and cigarettes, but the industry moved to using less taxed items, you know, like roll your own tobacco instead. So there's unlevel playing field. We believe if Congress could implement those changes, you'd get about $600 billion or a billion more in revenues by level the playing field on tobacco taxes.    We've recommended many changes to the IRS to help deal with their challenges over there, giving them math authority, et cetera. We've recommended that there be additional information collected for offsetting pension costs for survivors and spouses and Social Security, and in order to equitably treat people the same under the rules. That hasn't been acted as well. So we've got a long list.    Now, in fairness to the Congress, every new Congress our clock restarts, is partially completed. So anything the last Congress did to partially complete, which would have been to introduce a bill, get it marked up through committee. You can get through a committee mark up we rate it as partial. And so with this new Congress sort of the re-clock set there.    Also I would say that most of the major savings to date, the $100 billion that's been saved or will be saved, has largely come from congressional action. So just--just to put it all in perspective.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. We have not yet, you know, reevaluated the criteria for making these determinations. This is the first time it's come up as an issue. But we'd be happy to take a look at it and see if there's any--a better way to do that, but we try to provide in the report a balanced perspective. If you just look at the table out of context from the narrative in the report, you can draw the wrong conclusion.    Mr. Dodaro. But if you read the whole report, I belive you'll get the proper perspective.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. We will do that, but I've been informed by my team that only two issues have been reset among the recommendations that we have, but we'll take a look at it.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. Basically I'll ask Ms. Bovbjerg, who's our expert in the area, to elaborate a bit. But the basic issue, Congressman, is that they're supposed to have continuing reviews to see if the situation has improved so that the children or even adults in that matter can overcome their disability, but Barb.    Mr. Dodaro. We'll provide the specific numbers for the record.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. We find that there's a greater need to use technology and data analytics and data mining to target Federal efforts to find fraud, waste, and abuse. And there really, in some cases, aren't that great of incentives for doing it. This is a case where the Federal Government pays all the cost, the States are administering the program, and so there's, you know, not that great of incentive for them to do this. So we're trying to urge them to take--use more techniques then to try to urge the Federal agency to provide support to the States and urge them to look better at this area.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. Go ahead, Barb.    Mr. Dodaro. You know, I don't know if we've----    Mr. Dodaro. Yes.    Mr. Dodaro. Well, one of the areas that we have had the most difficulty in looking at the overlap and duplication in the Federal Government is lack of good information about what's being spent for all these programs and activities. And the other area that we've identified as a problem is that there's not a lot of good performance--measurement of performance evaluation information.    So if you don't know what you're spending on a program and if you don't know whether the program's effective or not, you're really handicapped at making good intelligent decisions. And for us to be able to advise the Congress on that area and the American public, who fund the government and have responsibility for eventually servicing all the debt that we're accumulating, basically have no visibility and to the government's activities on information that they can see what the results are of all the Federal Government's activities. So if you don't have an informed set of decisionmakers and elected officials that have access to this data and the public is not in a good position to have good confidence in government because they can't see what's being done, then I think you have problems. And that's why I said what I did and I--I meant it.    Mr. Dodaro. Well, it had a phased implementation in the legislation. By May, next month, OMB and Treasury are to issue the data standards, and I'm sure Beth can speak to what OMB and Treasury are doing to implement this. Then there's a 2-year period to allow the agencies to prepare to implement the data standards properly, and then GAO and the IGs have the audit responsibilities down the road. But I'm--I'm going to issue a report to Congress this year. Under the statue, the first report that was asked for was 2017, but I want to give the Congress a good up-to-date report on how its early implementation is going. So, you'll get a report from us later this year. I think they're off to a good start, but there's a lot that needs to be done.    Mr. Dodaro. Well--yeah, under the law, the--the--2017 would be the first year that it would be implemented.    Mr. Dodaro. I think it would be very helpful to have congressional input into the standards to make sure that they're going to produce the type of data that you would like to see. So I think that's an excellent idea.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. Yeah, that's--that's correct. The international standard is a 90-day supply considering both government and the private sector having total resources. Right now the Federal Government has a 106-day supply. The latest estimate on the private sector is 141-day supply. We think that it's time to reexamine this. Mostly because of the increase in production. You know, we've had a lot of technology improvements. Last year's 2013 and 2014 were some of the most record years of oil production in the United States history, and so we're on track by international standards to be the largest producer in the world. So we think it's a good time to reevaluate this. The Strategic Petroleum Reserve is aging. The infrastructure is aging. We think you could not only sell some of the oil potentially, depending on the reassessment, to get billions of dollars, you could reduce administrative costs. And then also maybe you could minimize the cost of replacing the infrastructure eventually.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. Mark?    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. We've been very concerned about the tax gap between taxes owed and taxes collected. Right now the latest estimate of IRS is that an $385 billion gap between taxes owed and taxes collected under the current structure. We have a long list of recommendations of things that the IRS could do in order to enhance collection activities revolved around a couple of themes. One is getting better return on investment numbers of exactly what--tying their initiatives to specific revenue collection activities. They don't have a lot of good data. We illustrated what could be done by shifting, if they shifted based on looking at return on investment, $124 million from field audits, exams, to correspondence audits, they could collect an additional billion dollars. So that--that's it.    We have recommendations to the Congress, two of things Congress could do, to increase the collection figures. For example, to allow IRS to set standards for paid tax preparers. Most of the tax returns are--people use paid tax preparers. We found that in a lot of cases, when we did undercover operations, sent people into 19 paid tax preparers, only two of them gave us the right answers to the questions. So we think this could be something that Oregon has done, some of the States have done, that could be implemented at a broader level. Simplifying the tax code would help greatly in this regard. So we have a lot of recommendations that both IRS and the Congress could implement to address this issue.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah, sure. Well, we produce reports, have recommendations in the reports. Agencies will let us know whether they agree with the recommendations or not. In our reports, in addition to making recommendations to executive branch agencies, we also make recommendations to the Congress. Matters for the congressional consideration. We have a regular follow-up process on those recommendations. Over a 4-year period, 80 percent are implemented. On average last year implementation of our recommendations resulted in $54 billion in financial benefits to the Federal Government. So about $100 back for every dollar invested in GAO. About 1,200 non-financial benefits, improvements in public safety and other things that are in place.    Now, after a while, if our recommendations aren't implemented, I'll either go to an agency head and say--in fact, we're getting ready to send letters to all of the major executive branch agency heads with--highlighting key recommendations that are not yet implemented. We'll go to the Congress and try to get the Congress to implement the recommendations in the appropriations process or authorization bills. So a lot of our recommendations get implemented that way through the Congress.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah, yeah, we do a strategic plan for serving the Congress and the country looking ahead on a 5-year period of what work we think makes sense in consultation with the Congress, outside experts across government. We receive requests from committee chairs and ranking members and have requirements to do studies in law or in conference or committee reports. Last year we had about 900 requests from the Congress. I'd say about 75 percent of those were things that we thought were good ideas for us to work on. So it was a collaborative process between GAO and the Congress.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes.    Mr. Dodaro. That's correct.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. I'll ask Ms. Cindy Bascetta who's our--head of our healthcare service to address that issue.    Mr. Dodaro. It's about $500 million a year could be saved.    Mr. Dodaro. It's a great contributor. I'll ask Mr. Powner to explain how--why that happens, but we think it can be streamlined.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. So you have three different components of the Department of Health--or Homeland Security. Two of the components have an agreement. They don't duplicate. The third component doesn't have the agreement with ICE. So you have inconsistencies even within the department.    Mr. Dodaro. One of the things I have mentioned I'm sending letters to the agency heads. This is one area I want to point out. And I have frequent conversations, particularly with the deputy for the Department of Homeland Security. So I'm going to mention it to them too. See if we can get some movement.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes.    Mr. Carter.--separately?    Mr. Dodaro. Yes.    Ms. Dodaro. Yes. Yes. And that's our recommendation is to eliminate that duplication.    Mr. Dodaro. It's hard to explain. It's some type of behavior that happens at times within large bureaucracies, and I don't profess to give you a really good answer as to exactly why----    Mr. Dodaro. I'm sorry. Excuse me.    What I was saying is, you know, it's sometimes hard to explain behavior in large bureaucracies, and I don't profess to try to explain exactly why it is what it is. All we know is that it's not correct the way it is. It's contributing to the backlog and needs to be changed.    Mr. Dodaro. So if your bill can help in that regard, I think it would be a terrific idea.    Mr. Dodaro. That's correct.    Mr. Dodaro. Sometimes it's----    Mr. Dodaro. Sometimes it's not so common.    Mr. Dodaro. We will.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah.    Mr. Dodaro. Yeah. That's correct, Congressman.    Mr. Dodaro. And I found that--yeah.    Mr. Dodaro. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Dodaro. Well, they've just produced a strategy document a couple of weeks ago that toward the end of----    Mr. Dodaro. Right, right. And we looked at that. We think it's a first good step.    Mr. Dodaro. Right.