    Mr. PALMIERI. Thank you, Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the Committee, it is an honor to testify before you today about the impact of regulation on small business.    The U.S. is still the world's largest manufacturing economy, producing more than $2 trillion in value each year and directly employing nearly 12 million Americans and indirectly supporting 18 million jobs. Manufacturers provide good high-paying jobs. Unfortunately, manufacturers lost 2.3 million jobs during the most recent recession, and since then we have generated over 802,000 net new jobs. But to regain manufacturing momentum and to return to net manufacturing job gains, we need improved economic conditions and improved government policies.    The business community is often misunderstood about their views on regulation. Manufacturers believe regulation is critical to the protection of workers' safety, public health, and our environment. We believe some critical objectives of government can only be achieved through regulation, but that does not mean that our regulatory system is not in need of considerable improvement and reform. Regulations are often unnecessarily complex, duplicative, and ineffectively achieve their benefits. Excessive regulatory changes and uncertainty impose high costs, especially on small businesses. Small businesses, as we know, bear a disproportionate burden of regulation because of the often high fixed cost of compliance not subject to economies of scale. That is why the work of this Committee and the implementation of the Regulatory Flexibility Act are so important.    Unfortunately, agencies are not anxious to analyze the impact of their regulations on small business. A recent study showed that between 1996 and 2012, fewer than 8 percent of rules were subject to the RFA's analytical requirements. Although we had hoped that was because agencies made excellent decisions about which rules had those impacts, let me share a quick list of some of the most expensive EPA rules. EPA's greenhouse gas limits on power plants, National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone, Boiler MACT, the NESHAP 6X and the ``Waters of the U.S.'' rule. EPA certified that each of them would not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities. I think most of us would find that hard to believe.    The reason it matters that these rules and thousands of others were not subject to the law is that the real businesses and real jobs are lost when small businesses are not considered. Last year, SBA's Office of Advocacy saved small businesses $1.6 billion in first-year regulatory cost savings, and as Ranking Member Velazquez noted, saved $130 billion since 1998. Imagine what could have been accomplished if fewer rules could evade these analytic requirements, and that is why a reform of the RFA is so urgent and why Chairman Chabot and this Committee's leadership in proposing H.R. 527 would help address these concerns.    Additionally, there are a number of powerful and potentially bipartisan regulatory reforms to choose from. One would be for Congress to confirm the authority of OMB's Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs to review the regulations issued by independent regulatory agencies and ensure their adherence to strong analytic requirements. Congress plays an important role within the regulatory process but does not have a group of analysts who develop their own cost estimates of proposed or final rules. Just like Congress has an independent CBO to check OMB budget assumptions, Congress should have a parallel office to OIRA and the agencies to review regulations and their impacts.    While we have appreciated the Administration's good efforts on retrospective review of regulations, they have not resulted in significant cost savings for our members or a change in culture in the federal agencies. To truly build a culture of continuous improvement and thoughtful retrospective review of regulations, different incentives are needed. To incentivize high quality reviews, existing regulations should automatically sunset unless they are affirmatively shown to have a strong continued justification. While the overwhelming majority of those regulations would be continued, a cleanup of outdated or unnecessary regulatory accumulation would occur. The complexity of rulemaking and its reliance on highly technical scientific information has only increased since the passage of the Administrative Procedure Act. The APA is 70 years old, and it should be reformed by incorporating modern principles for sound rulemaking best embodied by President Clinton's executive order into the DNA of every rule.    In my written statement, I have included additional regulatory reform proposals for your consideration. I have outlined a number of challenging rules for small manufacturers.    I appreciate the opportunity to provide testimony today on behalf of manufacturers across the country. I applaud you for holding today's hearing, and I am happy to respond to any questions. Thank you.    Mr. PALMIERI. Absolutely. When a rulemaking extends to hundreds of pages of extraordinarily complex and dense material that cannot be read by the average person, and then an agency, as in the case of the Department of Labor, gives a 30-day comment period, as they just did recently on a rule for federal contractors, it absolutely undermines the entire purpose of notice and comment. When asked for an extension of the comment period so that businesses could absorb the true impact of the rule and weigh in in a thoughtful way, they extended it for an additional 10 days. They could have just as easily refused if they had chosen to. There is really no excuse in the rulemaking process for agencies not to give sufficient time, especially if they have not done an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking or given an opportunity for early stakeholder input, like President Obama's executive order recommends to agencies.    Mr. PALMIERI. Sure. Manufacturers care deeply about the health of their employees and they are constantly, with or without the rules, able to address them. The real challenge of the silica rule is that OSHA will not allow businesses to prioritize personal protective equipment above costly engineering controls. Even in situations like in a foundry where it may not be feasible to implement the kinds of engineering controls OSHA has suggested, they are looking at extraordinarily costly measures when there are more efficient measures that will be just as protective. That is the real tragedy of this rule.    Mr. PALMIERI. Sure, Ms. Adams. Part of the challenge for U.S. businesses is that often our compliance regimes are very different than in say some of our European allies and others where they may set a rulemaking standard but it is a goal as opposed to a floor or a threshold. Oftentimes you may even find similar regulatory standards internationally, and yet, their enforcement regimes have a different philosophy, and as a result, are far less costly to implement or they have a more cooperative relationship between businesses and regulators. What we certainly say, although they are not fantastic international quantitative comparisons, is that the U.S., when are business leaders operating in multiple jurisdictions surveyed, the U.S. is one of the most costly regulatory countries.    Mr. PALMIERI. Absolutely. We often have deep sympathy with our members in certain states that have a very challenging regulatory philosophy. Some of our members live in states where the regulatory philosophy is to accomplish the objective but to also remain the most competitive state in the country to attract businesses and invest. Obviously, we also suffer the challenges of, as Ms. Harned mentioned, differing enforcement regimes where a business that might have a facility on two sides of a border, in the Midwest or otherwise, where one of their facilities is in compliance with State inspectors in the program and the other is not, despite doing the same thing and meeting federal standards. There are any number of challenges that they face, and obviously, for some, they have made decisions to leave certain states because of their regulatory regimes or decided not to invest that next dollar or that next job in states that are not as welcoming.    Mr. PALMIERI. Absolutely. For some of our smallest businesses, it is absolutely impossible. They have to rely on outside expertise, they will pay consultants. They will join trade associations. They will join other groups to help figure out what is coming at them, both what to expect in the future and what is hitting them right now. But you point to a critical piece that is so often missed and that no agency does a good job of, which is to say, in what environment am I adding this new regulatory cost? What is the cumulative burden of the regulations from this agency and all others that have been imposed recently on this industry, this sector, or in the past, that they are still following? That they are still investing in capital equipment to comply with? That cumulative burden, even though this administration has asked agencies to look at it, is never analyzed, is never reviewed, and often is what makes a relatively small rule still very costly at the margin and critical for whether a business remains a profitable concern or not.