    Mr. Ryan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to thank our witnesses for being here. Please excuse my voice. I got a little cold from my 2-year-old son after his first week at school. Germ factory. We need a hearing on that, I think, Mr. Chairman.    There are few tasks more fundamental to the function of this Committee than to discuss the budget and economic outlook, and I think this is really one of the few committees that is still having very, very serious discussions about the future of the country. In this charged political climate, it is hard to get a rational discussion in many quarters these days. So I hope today's panel will shed some light for us on approaches Congress should consider to improve the lives of Americans going forward.    We have all known for some time that we are facing a daunting fiscal future. Baby boomers are reaching retirement age, and our retirees, current retirees, are living longer. So this demographic shift drives the increases in the cost of health care, retirement programs, and budget deficits projected by CBO over the next 10 years and beyond.    Similarly, CBO's projected slowdown in economic growth is driven by slower-than-past growth in the labor force and productivity. Again, we have seen these trends coming for decades.    These are major concerns that deserve our attention. We must get the economy moving so our hard-working Americans can enjoy a rising standard of living. And we must adjust our fiscal policies to lessen future budget deficits, which are unsustainable without responsible action. So I am glad we are all in agreement here, as Democrats and Republicans, that this is a major issue that we need to address.    Now, Congress has the fiscal policy tools, I believe, that we need to act. And we did it at the start of the recession. President Obama inherited the weakest economy since the Great Depression, and, together, we acted swiftly to turn things around.    Within 6 months, the economy began to grow again. We are now in the fourth-longest economic expansion in American history. We have added 15 million private sector jobs and cut the unemployment rate in half. Economists have estimated that without the aggressive policy response implemented by the President and Congress and the Federal Reserve, the recession would have lasted more than 3 years, cost twice as many jobs, and pushed the unemployment rate to 16 percent rather than the 10 percent we actually saw.    Had we not employed the fiscal policy tools in our toolkit, we would have a weaker economy and larger deficits today.    So if we look at the economic situation in Europe, which our panelists know all too much about, Europe responded to the economic crisis with austerity, and this approach undermined their recovery, the deep cuts. And, unfortunately, Congress has also undermined our economy over the past 6 years by blocking additional proposals by President Obama and insisting on spending cuts, the kind of austerity measures that have failed elsewhere. President Obama's jobs bill still languishes here in Congress.    Democrats have a different approach. We want to enact forward-looking policies that will strengthen the main drivers of our strong economy. We want sustained investment. And while we have to make tough choices to deal with the deficit and the debt, we must remain committed to responsibly funding our national priorities, because these priorities lead to the growth that the chairman was talking about.    We must promote long-term job growth by modernizing transportation networks--that takes investment; repairing aging infrastructure--that takes investment; investing in workforce education--that takes investment; and supporting the research and development of advanced manufacturing technologies which will lead to the next generation of good-paying jobs in America.    This will create the millions of jobs, this will grow our economy, facilitate American exports, create a level playing field for American workers, and increase the return on taxpayer investment.    By contrast, our Republican colleagues continue to push an agenda that returns to the same failed policies that created and prolonged the recession: deregulation, new tax breaks for the wealthy, and austere spending cuts. And under President Bush, we actually lost private sector jobs. Under President George W. Bush, who fully implemented the supply-side economic theory, we lost private sector jobs.    These tactics do little to expand the workforce or improve productivity. I think we can all agree that a stronger economy is the single most important factor that would improve the budget and fiscal outlook, even if we differ on the best approach to stimulate growth across the economy.    Democrats are eager to discuss this, Mr. Chairman, and any additional efforts to reduce future deficits, but we need a willing partner, not a party that seeks to disinvest in America's future and threaten our vital society and our social safety net without regard to the damaging impact of austerity on our economy and its recovery.    Mr. Ryan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Bernstein, you talked a little bit about research, water quality, transportation. Can you explain to us, in a very elementary way, why you believe that those investments will lead to growth? Because that is the big rub here. We have tax cuts. And I think Mr. Pascrell showed it. I talked about it a little bit. We saw the Bush tax cuts, two rounds of them, we saw deregulation, and we didn't grow jobs.    You are saying make these investments, that is a better approach. Can you tell us why?    Mr. Ryan. So when we talk about basic research, why does the public need to do that? Why doesn't the private sector, we will cut taxes, and let them go do basic research?    Mr. Ryan. Dr. Holtz-Eakin, do you agree with that on the basic research side, that the government has some role in doing these kind of things that the private sector can't do, they just don't have enough money to do it on their own?    Mr. Ryan. Well, I think of, like, the space race, right? I think of NASA in the early days. I can't even fathom a President today saying, ``Hey, let's go to the moon and spend a bunch of money,'' what would happen politically, no matter how good looking you are, how pretty your wife is, and how much money you have. I just don't think it would fly today. But if you look at the economic impact of NASA and the spinout of technologies and companies and quality of life and all the rest, that seems to me like a pretty worthwhile investment.    And I would say even the example that you used, from your house to your work. I mean, if you have terrible roads, your car breaks down, you are not showing up to work, you have to go get it fixed, it is money out of your pocket that you could have put somewhere else and spent in the economy, on and on and on, I think there is an argument to be made these are very important investments. And it is not just about you, it is the about the multiplier effect, and you are basically subsidizing businesses in a lot of ways too, right?    Mr. Ryan. How can you say that? Mr. Bernstein's example of the Internet, which was billions of dollars, how can you make the argument that that does not have long-term growth effects on the broader economy?    Mr. Ryan. Mr. Bernstein, your response?    Mr. Ryan. I have a question for you.    Are we going to do another round of questions, you think?    So I have a question, Dr. Cochrane. You talked about new innovations, new ideas, new efficiencies. We have so many people--and I represent Ohio, old Rust Belt--we have got business incubators that are publicly funded, they are kicking out companies. We have business accelerators. We have the first invasion manufacturing center, public-private partnership. We have a lot of these burgeoning companies that don't have access to capital, the valley of death that everyone talks about.    Is there a role for the government in these areas to help grow these new ideas, these new companies?    Mr. Ryan. This was a problem well before the Dodd-Frank Act.    Mr. Ryan. Can you say that again for my Republicans friends?    Mr. Ryan. So we wouldn't even notice it if we doubled or tripled it?    Mr. Ryan. For 30 seconds. Dr. Holtz-Eakin said about startup businesses, and I would hope that this would be an area of agreement. We don't need to talk about the big corporations who maybe have the wherewithal to work the Tax Code, and we all know the game.    But if places like Youngstown, Ohio, or Akron, Ohio, are going to have any renaissance, we need startup businesses. And I agree with you with some of these regulations that some of the smaller startups have to deal with, including getting them capital.