    Mr. Ellison. I would like to thank the Chair and the ranking member for the time.    And I would actually like to thank you, Mr. Secretary, for answering some of the written questions that I gave you. I know it is not easy to do that, you are busy doing a lot of things, but you did give us some answers, and they were answers that we can use. So I extend my thanks and appreciation for that.    As you know, Mr. Secretary, you are probably going to get a question from me about Somalia. I know you are shocked. And what I would like to just ask you is if you have any information on the bill that we passed last year into law.    There was a bill that we passed last year that was called the Money Remittances Improvement Act and the goal of the bill was to improve oversight of State-licensed nondepository financial institutions. Now that the law is in place, all well-supervised entities like the money services business should have their license status recognized and respected.    And I just want to know what you know. And if you don't know anything, I understand, because I didn't tell you I was going to ask you that. But if you do know, I would be happy to get a report.    Mr. Ellison. Right.    Mr. Ellison. I agree.    Mr. Ellison. I appreciate that. And I just want to say again that I am foursquare with the Administration's effort to stop terrorist financing. I am on a task force to help achieve that.    But on the other hand, we can get so successful at that effort that we close off all the money, and that, I think, would be unfortunate because it would actually serve the interests of Al Shabaab and terrorists over there to see the collapsing of the Somali economy which depends upon remittances to the degree about 40 percent.    So I would like to talk with you more about the implementation of that program. I know that you all are doing some technical assistance to Somalia. I talk with political leaders there and try to give them my best perspective on how they can improve their system.    Could you talk a little bit about the work that you all are doing in the technical assistance area and what sort of message that you would like them to receive in order to develop that solid banking system that I think they are going to need?    Mr. Ellison. I just want to urge you on behalf of the people who live in the Fifth Congressional District of Minnesota and many other parts of this country.    We actually, me and Mr. Emmer, are going to start a Somali caucus because we have constituents who live in both districts and definitely want to see that country get stable and strong and not be a haven or an attractive nuisance for bad people. So we try do our good part, and we hope you will continue to push with that technical assistance.    Mr. Ellison. Thank you.