    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Madam Chair, it is good to be with you this morning. Thanks for coming. As the chairman of the Housing and Insurance Committee, I want to follow up sort on the lines of Congressman Neugebauer with regards to SIFIs, and my specific question would be with regards to insurance SIFIs.    It is kind of interesting that the Fed is involved with FSOC, and as a result, agreed that three of our big insurance companies need to be designated as SIFIs. I would like to know where do you believe that you get this authority from to be able to designate an insurance company a SIFI?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. That is interesting because the former Financial Services Committee chairman, the name of the coauthor of the bill, Dodd-Frank, made this statement. He says, ``As a general principle, I don't think that asset managers at insurance companies that just sell insurance as it is traditionally defined are systemically important. They don't have leverage. Their failure isn't going to have a systemic reverberatory effect.'' The coauthor of the bill did not intend for anybody to designate an insurance company as a SIFI, and I am curious as to whether you believe that the bill went further than he intended or how do you come up with the authority--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Well, Madam Chair--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I am curious, though, there is no bank in the country, according to the records that I have been told in testimony in some other committees, that has more than 2 percent of their assets involved in an insurance company. Tell me how that makes an insurance company systemically important?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Is there written criteria somewhere on this?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Is there a written criteria on how to get yourself de-designated as a SIFI?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. What is the procedure for doing that?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. There is nothing in writing then, there are no rules out there. It is all arbitrary with regards to FSOC, whether--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. You just said in a comment to Mr. Neugebauer a minute ago that Dodd-Frank creates elements of arbitrariness with regards to--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. --the designation of a cutoff. So there is arbitrariness, obviously, within the designation of these SIFIs, is there not?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. So if you are saying certain--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. This size then?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. One of the firms was designated a GSIF, in other words, the international folks designated as a SIFI. Was that the reason that it was designated a SIFI here in this country?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. They have absolutely nothing to do with us designating here in this country as a SIFI.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I just have a few seconds.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I just have a few seconds left here. But there is no way that an insurance company can know how to get itself undesignated as a SIFI because there is no written criteria out there. You just have to come to the Fed and kind of by--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. --trial and error decide to deleverage part of your portfolio--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. --and change your business model. Do they come to you first and say, if this happens, can we get de-designated, or how does that work?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. There is formal criteria with which to designate them. There needs to be some formal criteria to de-designate them; do you not believe that?