    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to commend, at the same time find it difficult in giving the benefit of the doubt to reconcile what the majority would like to do here in terms of pursuing best practices on storage and inventory control on Federal public safety agencies and our inability to have an honest non-emotive if possible evidence-based debate about how we can deal with gun safety and violence in this country.    I find it ironic that the history of the NRA started as a gun safety organization where perhaps 50, 60 years ago we could have that kind of discussion where the IG and the National Laboratories could investigate what is the best way to drop gun violence and increase gun safety, whether it is proper funding for prosecutors or laws that are effective or oversight. I for one would enjoy being part of that discussion and just remind and submit for the record if possible a letter that over 100 of us signed to the Republican leadership to continue or re-instigate the funding for Center for Disease Control funding around gun violence. And would ask that that be entered into the record.    Mr. DeSaulnier. I want to quote from an extensive article that was in the San Jose Mercury News being from the bay area as part of a bay area news group investigation, and it started after the Kate Steinle incidence, which I assume, Mr. Ellis, was the one exception to lost guns that you mentioned. At a previous questioning you said that there were eight lost guns, and that was the one that unfortunately ended up in a tragedy, as you said, is that correct, sir?    Mr. DeSaulnier. So quoting from the San Jose Mercury's story, a year after a bullet from a Federal agent's stolen gun killed 32-year-old Kate Steinle, who I will mention was once a constituent of mine, on a San Francisco pier, this news organization surveyed more than 240 local, State, and Federal enforcement agencies and discovered an alarming disregard, disregard for the way many officers from police chiefs to cadets to FBI agents safeguard their weapons.    Their guns have been stolen from behind car seats, glove boxes, swiped from gym bags, dresser drawers, and under bed. They have been left on tailgates, car roofs, and even atop a toilet paper dispenser in a car dealership's bathroom. One officer forgot a high-powered assault rifle in the trunk of a taxi.    In all, since 2010 at least 944 guns have disappeared from police agencies, State, Federal, and local, across California, an average of one almost every other day, and fewer than 20 percent have been recovered. ``You just can't leave a gun alone in a vehicle,'' said retired FBI agent Jim Wedick. ``You just can't do it. It has to be in a compartment or in chains an inch thick wrapped around a lead box because God forbid someone gets hurt.''    The extensive investigation goes on to talk about the lack of proper inventory control in Federal agencies, also in State and local. So I have started to work my office on a bill to address this. In talking to police chiefs in many of your departments and to rank-and-file, there are some issues that consistently come up, including--and sort of this goes to the earlier discussion about laws that aren't enforced--but the disincentive or the incentive for best practices.    So in the quote, the quote was ``disregard for the way many officers''--now, we are all humans. If there isn't a proper disincentive, Mr. Horowitz, which my colleague, Mr. Russell, brought up in his comments, people need to be disciplined sometimes. If what we have got anecdotally is agents from your agencies know that there are colleagues who don't really follow best practices.    So, Mr. Horowitz, what do we do to discipline people? And, Mr. Ellis, as a follow-up, what did you do in this instance or at any instance to actually discipline the individual agents?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Mr. Ellis? And I will say this came up in the previous investigations about DEA officers overseas, that they didn't think there was going to be any punishment, and in fact, a lot of them actually got promoted and all of them continued to serve in Federal service.    Mr. Ellis, briefly?    Mr. DeSaulnier. No, the question was, was the individual disciplined?    Mr. DeSaulnier. I will take that that he was not disciplined.    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.