    Ms. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank you all for being here. And, as Mr. Collins just said, this is really a frustrating hearing in so many ways for us. In 2003, shortly after, we did a field hearing in Tennessee, looking at the TennCare program, which was the test case for Hillary Clinton's health care, and implemented in Tennessee, and a lot of Obamacare has been built on it. And one of the focuses of that hearing was the waste, fraud, and abuse, and the fact that CMS just couldn't seem to get its act together when it came to dealing with waste, fraud, and abuse.    And when you isolated our state and looked at it, the payment error rate, and the eligibility issues with verification of who was and was not eligible, and then the providers, so to see this continue on, and your willingness to accept a failing grade in addressing this is just beyond us. Because you are not getting better, you are getting worse, and then you change the grading system to accommodate that you are not improving.    And, Dr. Agrawal, if I am understanding this right, you moved from 5.6 to 6.7 in that rate, and this was done by committee, so there is no one person in charge of this debacle, is that correct?    Ms. Blackburn. You changed your grading rate. You went from a target for--5.6, a target rate, to 6.7 in your improper payment rate. And, if I am understanding your answer to Mr. Collins, there is no one person that decided that, it was a committee, or a group, that decided that. Is that correct? Who do we hold responsible for accepting a failing grade?    Ms. Blackburn. Who sets the target? Who set it?    Ms. Blackburn. Who accepts this?    Ms. Blackburn. Who accepts the wasting of taxpayer money? You have got an issue that gets worse every year. Let me ask you this, we are going to get in behind this. Was it 90 providers in one state that were found to be receiving erroneous payments? Did I understand that right, sir?    Ms. Blackburn. Ninety in four states?    Ms. Blackburn. OK. What would happen if we were to say there were a zero tolerance policy for improper payments, and for waste, fraud, and abuse that is taking place in CMS? What would happen? How would you all react? Because Federal agencies that deal with taxpayers, they pretty much have a zero tolerance policy.    Or what if we did this, what if we were to look at these numbers--according to CMS, improper payments in the Medicaid program rose from 14.4 billion in 2013 to 17.5 in 2014. What if we were to say, CMS, we are going to charge you back with this $17.5 billion until you can get your act together? And you have got to take that out of your budget, and you have got to find a way to deliver the services and avail yourselves of technology.    Let me ask you a question too. When it comes to the data, and transferring that into information that can be used, have you looked? You say you offer guidance and support to the states. Have you told the states, we are going to hold you accountable for giving us data that can be turned into information, and we are going to cut your payments if you don't give us the data that can be used? Garbage in, garbage out. It is not going to change.    And the fact that you have a secure job, and a paycheck, and think you can't be fired, and then you come in here, and what we hear is, going back to my first hearing on this in 2003, the problem gets worse, the problem doesn't get better, and when it does get worse, you just change the metrics and say, well, that is OK, we are going to do better next year. No, it is not OK. The error rate is not OK. And it is something we are going to push forward, and holding you all accountable, and look for new ways of doing that. And I yield back my time.