    Mr. Schweikert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And we will walk through a couple of the things, and maybe if one or two of the misunderstandings and then work through--work a little backwards from there.    First of all, I think for all of us here there is an understanding that we have both the societal problem and some other mechanical problems. My understanding is that of our 318 million population right now we have only about 600,000 Americans who have gone through the process who are qualified investors.    We know that half of our Baby Boom population is moving into retirement with very, very little savings. So part of our goal here is how do we move more of our population into the investment class, and do it in a safe and rational fashion? And so I actually have been working on this bill for a while, but quite open to any brilliant suggestion.    I do want to go over a couple of things, just because one I think was sort of a misunderstanding, a misstatement. Under current legislation right now, under a current law 506, if you are the lawyer, if you are the CPA, if you are the registered broker-dealer, you get to certify someone as being a qualified investor. It doesn't make you a qualified investor.    The second part of that is the way the bill is drafted right now, if you were to hire one of those people for guidance, it would allow you to invest in some of these products. Maybe that is where it needs to be tightened up.    And my first question, Mr. Chairman, and it was actually to Mr. Brown, just one quick one. You are actually on the SEC's committee that has been somewhat looking at the definitions of qualified investor?    Mr. Schweikert. Would I be pushing the limit of getting too complicated and too, I will use the word ``sophisticated,'' to also look at it as saying a 30-year-old who just happened to do really well that year who has $50,000 of risk capital is a lot different than your 80-year-old mother example?    Would you be also willing to support an idea that also would put some time as part of one of the kind of counterbalancing--or age as one of the counterbalancing factors?    Mr. Schweikert. But for those of us who do really well on multiple guess tests, we like that.    Mr. Quaadman, what would you suggest in the world of--is it a--would you be comfortable with a world where a broker-dealer could provide advice to someone to invest in what today is limited to only qualified investors? And if not, how would you tighten it up? What would make you comfortable?    Mr. Schweikert. If we created sort of an A-B test in the legislation, something that also demonstrates some risk capital or something of that nature, would that create a--    Mr. Schweikert. Mr. Chairman, in the last 30 seconds, and I think all of us have come across this experience, I have a very good friend, P.H. Dean Electrical Engineering had some friends that had started a business. He is an absolute international expert in this subject, except he wasn't allowed to invest in it.    How do we reward people, both from their risk tolerance, where they are in their lifecycle of investing, but also their knowledge base, and get rid of the sort of arbitrary that you have made it in like--you get to continue to make it in life. Because you are on this side of the ledger, you don't get to participate. We are quite open to any brilliant ideas that will come our way.    With that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.