    Ms. Picanso. Yes, sir. We collect data via surveys of farmers and ranchers and agricultural businesses, and we have over 400 reports we put out every year. So we are constantly collecting data on crops, livestock, prices, production, grain stocks, an assortment of things. A lot of the statistics that we do collect are in support of USDA programs, such as FSA and RMA and are widely used by them.    The Chairman. I understand that, that you collect.    Ms. Picanso. Right.    The Chairman. But do you look at what you are collecting versus what the other agencies are already collecting so that if RMA, for example, is collecting all the necessary data collected for county-wide information, do you need to also collect against that county or could you use RMA data?    Ms. Picanso. We do use RMA and FSA data as administrative data, but our surveys are as of the first of the month. In most cases, their survey data, their data they collect from farmers does not coincide with the timeline where we are required to produce estimates as of the first of the month. So even though we can use their data, we have to supplement with surveys of farmers and ranchers in order to get a statistically-reliable estimate as of the first of the month.    The Chairman. Give me a sense of what you think that your reports can move markets in the data that you are collecting, particularly those monthly reports that you are talking about. Can you talk to us a little bit about your efforts to make sure you are using the very best information available, as new techniques evolve, those kind of things to make sure that whatever it is you report that potentially could move a market in the interim is based on as good of information that you would have?    Ms. Picanso. Yes. We are constantly updating our statistical methodology to be sure we have the most up-to-date statistical models and methodology. We are constantly looking for ways to use more administrative data so we aren't burdening the farmers and ranchers as often as we have in the past. But with the increasing demand for data, we are asked to do more and more surveys; and we are also asked to do a lot of publications down to the local level, which means we have to increase sample sizes in order to get the data, which involves contacting more farmers.    And as far as the volatility in the reports, our reports are as of the first of the month. We usually don't release the report until about the 10th. So sometimes between the first of the month and the 10th of the month, there may be a weather condition that occurs and our estimate may be a little different than what the analysts are predicting, and that is usually when the markets either go up or down.    We also release data in conjunction with the World Agricultural Outlook Board, which is international data. So sometimes when the reports are released, it isn't the U.S. data that is affecting the markets. A lot of times it is an international situation that can occur as well.    We do track this, though, and how many times prices go up after a report and how many times prices go down and then how many times they stay the same; and it is usually about 45 percent of the time they go up and about 45 percent of the time they go down and about ten percent of the time they stay the same. So it does even out over the course of time.    The Chairman. All right. Thank you.    Under Secretary, you mentioned a small increase in research would have a dramatic increase in ag production. Can you reduce that to dollars for me, because you spend about--total of your agency is about $2.5 billion each year. That is all in. That is not just research. That is everything. But what--could you reduce the--help me understand the magnitude of money that you are talking about.    Ms. Picanso. Yes. In addition to getting yield data from producers on surveys, we also go out into the fields, and we actually do objective measurements, and the objective measurements on the crops are combined with the producer yields and put into models, and that is how we come up with our forecasts.    Ms. Picanso. I am not aware of any changes that need to be made, but we do use methodology, like I said before, with our models. We actually do get out into the field once the crops starts producing fruit, and we do measurements, we take weights of the fruit, and that combined with what the producers are telling us is how we get our yields that are published every month.    And as the season goes on, the data we get on the objective measurements become more accurate because, sometimes, depending on the maturity of the crop, which go out September 1, October 1, some years the crop is more mature than others, and the more mature the crop is, the more reliable our actual counts of the objective measurements are.    So in years where the crop matures a little early, we tend to do better on the yield forecast, but we do have a publication that comes out every year that compares all of our forecasted yields to the final yield, so it does show the accuracy. It is available on our website. We also host dozens of people each month into our actual ag statistics board process where they go through and see how all of the yields and acreage and production are actually developed, and it is really a pretty impressive process with all of our statisticians.    And if you sit down and go through the process, you will realize that we are using sophisticated models to come up with the data. Some people think we are just guessing or maybe we are just basing it on a handful of reports, but we do get 75 to 80 percent response on our surveys as well as our objective yield to complement it, and we do use some satellite data towards the end of the growing season as well.    Ms. Picanso. Yes.    Ms. Picanso. We do.    Ms. Picanso. We have a small research----