    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you both for being here, for your service.    You know, we have had a discussion about just the question what would Russia do, and I wanted to just be certain and clarify there are, obviously, proposals about providing more than non-lethal support to Ukraine and that does trigger our thinking about their using conventional, perhaps even tactical weapons at some point. Can you tell us some more about, you know, how that calculation is and sort of the response of the Congress and what you would like to see?    Mrs. Davis. I think I am asking, too, about how the discussions here in the Congress are read in terms of what we would anticipate or what we would like to see. I don't know, General, if you want to weigh in on that.    General Breedlove. Ma'am, first, I would echo what the Secretary has said and that I think that the important--the discussion of defensive lethal aid is very important. It is one of the tools. We talk about DIME, diplomatic, informational, military and economic, and I think that these need to be worked--all worked at the same time. Mr. Putin is putting intense diplomatic pressure in Kiev. The information campaign is quite impressive. And the--I call it the disinformation campaign is quite impressive. Clearly, Mr. Putin is all in when it comes to the military element.    And then he is attempting to put economic pressure through energy and recalling loans early, et cetera, on Ukraine. And so I think that the discussion about the military element is incredibly important, but we also have to continue to bring the pressure on all fronts in--across these four areas.    Mrs. Davis. Okay. Thank you.    We have talked about our allies providing more defensive support. And just going back to your numbers, General, about the military personnel at EUCOM, you mentioned 65,000 as a--how much are--does that include allied personnel?    General Breedlove. No, Congresswoman. That is our U.S. personnel in European Command.    Mrs. Davis. And so allied personnel is where in that?    General Breedlove. That is more--we talk about them more in terms of the NATO Alliance and how--what they bring to that Alliance. And clearly, the depth and breadth of all of the nations of NATO and their militaries is quite significant, but the readiness and capability are the things that we are working on together to raise that capability in our NATO allies.    Mrs. Davis. So the fact that you are working on that in terms of readiness doesn't necessarily mean that they are ready to deploy alongside U.S. troops at this time or in----    General Breedlove. Ma'am, I would say that they have some of the same problems that we have in our military. They have forces that are capable and ready right now and others that are at a more increased responsiveness.    Mrs. Davis. Is there a number that you would be more comfortable with when you think about adequately staffing EUCOM for our current global missions?    General Breedlove. Ma'am, I would like to come back to you on that. I didn't come prepared to talk about growing my command. Right now, we are just working on the mission that we have, but I would love to come back and talk to you about that.    Mrs. Davis. Okay. I was going to turn really quickly to Afghanistan as well because Secretary Carter is now talking about slowing the withdrawal. Do we have the support, again, with our partners, in being able to do that? And we can take that later for the record.    Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    It occurs to me that we--nobody can know for certain how Putin would respond to us providing weapons. What we can know for certain is how he has responded without us providing weapons and that hasn't gone very well.    Mr. Wittman.