    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I too want to echo my thanks for you grabbing onto this issue we all know is critically important in working in. Thank you all for being here.    Just a couple questions, and I am interested amongst the different services and the performance amongst them because there appears to be a difference, if there is some lessons learned or if it is the nature of the service. This idea of breaches going through the cost ceiling's scheduled performance or whatever. I started looking at this.    While this pains me to say as a former soldier, the Army leads in this area with a 38 percent breach. I am kind of curious, from your perspectives, is this cultural? Is it the nature of it? Or what is at work there that would set them apart from the Air Force and the Navy?    Mr. Walz. Yes, sir.    Mr. Walz. That lack of vision, is that what led to like Crusader? I always look at that, is that the problem with the acquisition process, or did we actually see a glimmer of hope that it was actually killed after a while? I am kind of curious on that. Is that just part of this culture, they are searching for the weapon system that didn't fit the battle that was coming?    Mr. Walz. So this is a leadership issue then, is the way you see it amongst the Army or at least vision-wise. It leads me into my next question about we included the service chiefs having a say in this in the NDAA. And again, this might be the chip on my shoulder or whatever, is it important to add those senior-enlisted people? I would say they are closer to the end user type of thing. Does that start to straighten this mission out, or is that a whole different discussion?    Mr. Walz. Great. I appreciate that. And again thank you for helping us understand this. I think all of us here do recognize this is a critical issue. And at some point in time we are going to have to--and I think the chairman is right again on this: We would like to fix it all. That is not going to happen realistically, but these steps forward do make a difference. So thank you and I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Rogers.