    Mr. Leimkuhler. Good morning. Chairman Bishop and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to testify on behalf of LLOG Exploration Company. LLOG welcomes this opportunity to provide what we see as improvements to Federal policies on oil and gas activity in the Outer Continental Shelf.    LLOG is the largest privately-owned oil producer in the United States, headquartered in Covington, Louisiana. Our focus is the deepwater U.S. Gulf of Mexico, where we apply a targeted approach to subsea wells and floating production systems to safely and efficiently develop the Nation's deepwater oil and gas resources.    Unlike the major integrated oil and gas companies, our area of focus is limited. However, the level of expertise and capability we bring to those areas is state-of-the-art. There is additional information about our company in your addendum, but I would like to highlight two main points.    The first is safety. At LLOG, we, and especially myself personally, hold it as a core value. Priorities change, but values do not. In scope, we have 16 deepwater developments to date, with 8 fields currently in the OCS under development. We are a small company that does big things.    Depending upon where a subsea well is drilled in the Gulf of Mexico, anywhere from 9 to 11 permits or plan approvals are needed to move a prospect from leasing into production. These approvals come from BOEM, BSEE, and the EPA. In your slide pack is a simplified version of the process, which is shown on Slide 4. Within that regulatory protocol, I would like to highlight three areas where LLOG feels there are improvement opportunities, as well as other issues not addressed on the slide.    The first improvement area is the appropriate balance of prescriptive- versus performance-based regulations. In the past, the technical regulatory staff at the regulators had an appropriate degree of professional judgment that they could apply to approve permits and operations. Over time, that balance has moved to a more prescriptive approach. Of particular note, based on our analysis and review of the proposed Well Control Safety Rule, the application has become so prescriptive in the proposed rule, relative to well design and real-time monitoring, that it is likely to be counter-productive to safe operations. LLOG strongly encourages BSEE and BOEM to take a balanced approach to regulatory enforcement using prescriptive- as well as performance-based regulations, especially in those two areas. I would be more than happy to provide examples in the follow-up Q&A.    Second is the exploration plan and well permit approval process. I have worked my entire career offshore in the Gulf of Mexico since 1987, and the technical professionals and regional management at the regulatory agencies that I have worked with over that time were and are consistently professional, capable, and dedicated. In my opinion, the Bureau just needs more of them. We are now 1 month away from the 5-year anniversary of the end of the moratorium, yet we continue to see our well-related permits and even exploration plans approved just in time. This is not due to a lack of effort by the staff but, in my opinion, an understaffed situation, despite the best efforts of district and regional management to recruit and retain good talent. I am encouraged that they appear to be taking advantage of the current downturn to add experienced staff, and that should be encouraged.    Third is the commingling process. LLOG strives to make all the wells we drill commercial by utilizing smart well technology to open up multiple zones in adjacent reservoirs within the same well. We have never drilled an expendable well. As long as Mother Nature cooperates and we find the reservoirs in the expected location and depth, we can file for a commingling permit in advance. However, zones often do not come in as expected and we need to file an initial commingling permit or modify an existing one.    With a rig on location costing $1 million a day in capital, we need to evaluate the ability and likelihood to obtain commingling permit approval in time, versus the impact of costly delays. Under such conditions, the added burden or risk of a regulatory delay has actually made some zones uneconomic to produce. This hinders the industry's ability to bring American energy to U.S. consumers and provide a robust supply of affordable, reliable energy.    Among the additional improvement opportunities are the impact of rigid application of the Jones Act to offshore facility installation, and the impact of obtaining Clean Air permits.    With respect to the Jones Act and the heavy-lift vessels required to install offshore facilities, LLOG encourages the U.S. Customs and Border Protection to adhere to the prior historical application of the law with respect to the use of heavy-lift vessels. LLOG feels application of the Jones Act to the heavy-lift vessels forces us to possibly transfer jobs overseas and away from U.S. Gulf Coast fabrication yards. On this issue, LLOG commends a letter sent by BBSE Director Brian Salerno to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection earlier this month supporting the industry position to return to the historical application of the Jones Act with respect to heavy-lift vessels used in offshore construction.    Regarding the air permits, the Clean Air Act compliance is incorporated into the exploration plan approval process, as required by BOEM, except for the Eastern Gulf of Mexico, where the EPA air permit protocol is quite different. The EPA permits take 12 to 18 months to secure and, in our view, relative to the BOEM protocol, adds operational complexity and delays with no actual benefit relative to Clean Air Act compliance. LLOG urges you to consider BOEM for the Clean Air Act compliance across the Gulf of Mexico.    Thank you for the opportunity to present the views of LLOG and myself on these issues. The safe, efficient production and use of our Nation's resources in the OCS continues to be critical for our Nation's energy, and I am happy to answer any questions the committee may have or raise additional issues beyond which I could cover in my 5 minutes.    Mr. Leimkuhler. First off, I think that is a good point. When it comes to real-time monitoring, I fully support it. But I feel that all the companies should be challenged to perform and demonstrate to the regulator how do we effectively use real-time monitoring to ensure we are running a safe operation, and the current regulatory proposed rule has in it the mandate that you----    The Chairman. Mr. Leimkuhler, can I just ask you to pull that microphone right to your mouth?    Mr. Leimkuhler. I'm sorry.    The Chairman. Yes, it is much better to hear you that way.    Mr. Leimkuhler. So, real-time monitoring I think is a great example to demonstrate how performance-based regulations should be applied, as opposed to prescriptive. The proposed Well Control Rule requires us within 3 years to build a brick-and-mortar, on-site center, or lease one, and staff that with staff who will monitor the data feed coming in from offshore. That absolutely should be done. Real-time monitoring I think should be a requirement. But the companies should be given the challenge to show the regulator how do you perform to meet that standard.    At LLOG, we have real-time monitoring. We employ mud loggers offshore, on-site for every one of our----    Mr. Leimkuhler. I am in favor of real-time monitoring, but I don't like the prescriptive nature of how I am directed to achieve it. I should be given the latitude to demonstrate to the regulator that we monitor operations properly, we monitor continuously, we have back-up. We do that. But we don't use a brick-and-mortar real-time center. We have data streams, feeds that come in to myself, my whole entire staff. We have the capability to properly monitor operations, and I would like to demonstrate that.    Mr. Leimkuhler. Relative to BOPs, I feel one of the bigger impacts is at places that exceed API-53, which is the new BOP standard. I think that should be a requirement in the regulations. But in places where it exceeds it, with respect to BOPs, would be the 5-year demonstration of integrity of the system. Right now, the way the regulation is written, we have to take the BOPs fully out of commission. And rather than ensure every single component in that system has a valid certificate of inspection from the original manufacturer within 5 years, we have to take the whole system out of service every 5 years, which could potentially take rigs out of service for up to 6 months to get that work done.    Mr. Leimkuhler. No, I am not. That is in reference to the drilling margin portion of the rule rather than in reference to the BOP systems themselves. With regard to the drilling margin rule, API has come up with a document called 92L, which was developed rather quickly in response to the request of the regulator to regulate drilling margins. It encompasses the best practices that industry experts have come up with as to how you drill safely in the Gulf of Mexico, which is a rather unique drilling environment, rather than the prescriptive margin of always maintaining a certain distance between the weight of your fluid and the strength of the rock.    Mr. Leimkuhler. That's quite a few questions there. To answer the first question----    Mr. Leimkuhler. I feel like industry obviously has a greater level of expertise when it comes to well design. When it comes to how that design actually applies to the regulations that are in place, they are certainly the experts there. We worked jointly together to really come up with, in my view, a very good product.    With regards to the regulations and impacting our business, I think the drilling margin is probably a good example, whereby if we apply our conventional standards that we have applied throughout our learnings of deepwater drilling in the Gulf of Mexico, I think those have all been codified quite well in API-92 versus the prescriptive half-pound per gallon drilling margin rule.    The Chairman. I do need to cut you off here. Your answer should have just been yes.    Mr. Leimkuhler. OK.    The Chairman. You are out of time. I am sorry. We will come back again here.    Mr. Smith, it is good to have you back with our committee. You are recognized now for some questions.    Mr. Leimkuhler. That is closer than most get.    Mr. Leimkuhler. I think so. I think, clearly, and it has happened. Clearly, it should have been, and it happened.    Mr. Leimkuhler. We have----    Mr. Leimkuhler. Absolutely.    Mr. Leimkuhler. No, I do not agree with that. I think it should be opened to offshore drilling. I think there needs to be allowances made, given the population density on the coastline. There ought to be a certain offset that should be enforced.    Mr. Leimkuhler. I think the biggest challenge would be, once again, to get us back to that drilling margin. If you take a look at that margin and you apply that to the operational procedures LLOG has used in our wells in the past, I apply that to the next 5 years and I've gotten with the reservoir engineers and said, OK, if we can no longer drill these depleted zones, we can put a well into a zone as soon as it starts to deplete, putting in additional wells would be an extreme challenge to us. Our estimates are that that would remove 12 sidetracks from our approved plans, as well as four new wells. The total production of those five would be a reduction in Federal royalty money of about $900 million over 5 years.    The Chairman. What about the concept, though, of safety here? Could this rule undermine safe operations rather than enhance them?    Mr. Leimkuhler. It is possible. You can, because what that is going to do, it is going to encourage operators to resist raising your mud weight to maintain that margin. In the past, when you would have gone into that area and ran it that close, you are going to increase the probability that you will take a kick, and decrease the probability you will take loss per turns.    The Chairman. I have a limited amount of time here. I would like to talk about how OPEC is playing around in this area and the impact that it is having, both in the real world and the private sector. Dr. Mason, let me just talk to you very briefly here about what LSU is doing and what you were saying about the workforce.    As I understand it, the workforce off the coast is an aging workforce. It needs to be replaced. These are good-paying jobs, but we need to have Americans that are trained to be able to take this, and that is what you are trying to do. I understand part of your argument was if we cut the production by regulation, which is, as you said, as viable as market forces, what we are doing is stopping the amount of money that we can invest in education to produce that workforce. Is that what you are saying? This becomes a vicious cycle.    Mr. Leimkuhler. I believe it will. I think it will probably take from 15 to 20 percent of the wells that are currently in my approved plans and restrict my ability to execute and drill those wells.    Mr. Leimkuhler. In the past, to be honest with you, I don't think it has. But what we are seeing right now is the U.S. oil price totally dominated by supply and demand, and if you are going to take that production off the market, then it is going to be oil that is not there. In the past, I thought that oil was dominated by OPEC, but that the rise in U.S. oil production, reaching the levels it has, that if we restrict U.S. production, I think we will see an increase in price.    Mr. Leimkuhler. Relative to the countries you mentioned, I think we absolutely have a better regulatory regime.    Mr. Leimkuhler. I think that basic economics is part of the driver in that respect. That is the primary driver, the overall economics and the projection forward of those not improving for some period of time.    Mr. Leimkuhler. I haven't taken a look at what has actually been proposed. I am unfamiliar with that, so I can't comment on it.    Mr. Leimkuhler. I would say the risk is very project dependent. The safest well I've ever drilled was in 9,000 feet of water, the most risky was in 32,000 feet of water. It all depends upon the subsurface rocks you are drilling through in that environment, and that is not water----    Mr. Leimkuhler. It is related to the depth of the well and the regional geology in which it sits.    Mr. Leimkuhler. It creates that condition quite often.    The Chairman. I am running down your time. Just OPEC's impact on the business climate here in the Gulf.    Mr. Leimkuhler. Right now, with the decline in oil prices, our net margins have been basically reduced by somewhere on the order of 70 percent. Therefore, right now, we are not really looking to expand. I currently manage the drilling contracts at LLOG. We are going to live up to the contracts we signed. But are we going out and looking to sign up more rigs? Not at this time. We need to see an improvement in the economic conditions to expand our rig count back to where it was about 2 years ago.    The Chairman. Thank you. That is not a positive sign, but I appreciate that answer very much.    The committee does have a couple of other assignments here. If anyone wants a 2-minute final question? If not----