    Mr. Hendrickson. Thank you, Chairman Burgess and Ranking Member Schakowsky, committee members.    As CEO of Lifetime Products, it is an honor to appear before you today and address the Reinforcing Made-in-America Act of 2016, H.R. 5092.    Lifetime Products is a wonderful example of the American dream made in the USA. It was started 30 years ago by a father who wanted to build a better basketball hoop for his children. Today we employ over 1900 people in the U.S. and work hard every day to keep those jobs here in the United States of America. It isn't easy, as you can imagine, when your key competitors are taking advantage of lower labor and material cost in other countries around the world. However, by investing large amounts of capital, vertically-integrating our factory, we have been able to keep the majority of our manufacturing jobs here in the U.S.    Data shows that 78 percent of Americans, if given the choice, prefer to purchase made-in-the-USA products. Consumers want to support American manufacturing and believe that American-made goods are generally of higher quality and supportive of American jobs.    Since 1997, the Federal Trade Commission has enforced a stringent national labeling standard that requires products marked ``Made in the USA'' to be all, or virtually all, manufactured in the U.S. While providing the necessary consumer protection, it also gives companies a slight, but necessary amount of leeway, permitting them to import negligible or de minimis components for their products. However, the manufacturing process must always take place in the U.S., and vital components for the product's core function must also be domestically-produced.    Today, currently, one of a state's laws has upended really the FTC labeling system. A 50-year-old California State statute held that products bearing the ``Made in USA'' label had to be composed of 100 percent domestic content. This really rendered the USA FTC label impossible for many companies like us to use.    Companies like Lifetime had no idea that we were in violation of the State's labeling law and were unexpectedly sued, which resulted in multimillion dollar settlements based on infractions as insignificant as a 50-cent net suspended from a $500 made-in-the-USA basketball system.    Now, as companies try to choose whether to follow the FTC's federal guidelines or the California State statute, many USA companies, like ourselves, have decided not to use the made-in-USA label mark at all on the majority of our products, even though they are, indeed, made in the USA. And this really leaves the consumer ill-informed with regard to a product's origin.    Despite continued efforts over the last 3 years to amend the California statute, it is now even more confusing, inviting more opportunities for the California State statute and the FTC rule to clash. The FTC made-in-the-USA standard is robust, it is meaningful, it is difficult to meet. It challenges manufacturers to source and manufacture domestically and it conveys a clear unified message to consumers in the United States and around the world.    The FTC's made-in-the-USA standard requires significant investment in American manufacturing and in American jobs. As such, when consumers choose products marked ``made in the USA,'' they can feel confident that they are supporting American manufacturing and American jobs.    About 15 years ago, our main competitor in the basketball industry decided to pack up and leave the U.S. They relocated to Asia, began lowering prices with less-expensive labor and materials. After a great deal--and I mean a great deal--of deliberation, we chose to stay. We stayed committed to made in the USA. Had we known then that the FTC standard did not create a unified standard and the potential of California lawsuits to follow, we may have made a different decision at that time. Why invest millions in capital to manufacture in the U.S. if you are not allowed to tell the consumer ``made in the USA''?    Thank you for your time. Thank you for the time you give to serve our country, and thank you for your efforts in helping keep manufacturing alive in the United States of America.    Mr. Hendrickson. Thank you very much. I picked that out special today.    Mr. Hendrickson. Thank you, Congressman Harper, and thank you for your work on this bill.    We have been very troubled with the addition of another state, and especially the potential of additional states after that, taking up their own definition of made-in-America. Our experience, and just a slight bit of background about us, we are a very, very vertically-integrated factory, meaning we don't just make the basketball hoops, but we actually make the tubing that goes into the basketball hoops. We manufacture the plastic bases for the portable portion of it. And beyond that, we have a tooling facility that manufactures the tools to make the parts and oftentimes even the automated equipment beyond that. So, extremely vertically-integrated.    Yet, with separate state laws and a separate approach and a different definition of made-in-USA, it leaves even a company like ours, as vertical as we are and as 100-percent made-in-America as we are, unable to make that claim because we don't have the ability to meet multiple litmus tests or multiple definitions of made-in-USA.    And so, the outcome of that is, frankly, we don't get to tell the consumer that it is made in America. Our people who work every day to make the products and keep them in the USA don't get to see ``made in America'' on the boxes that they know they produced right here in America. And it takes away just one more element of manufacturing in the U.S., which is extremely important.    You know, the significance of manufacturers here in the United States of America has impacts all across the country. And so, confusion in this area is just one more detriment to those of us who are fighting so hard to keep those jobs in the     So, this Reinforcement Act allowing us to abide by what is a very, very strong test, a very demanding made-in-USA definition that the FTC holds, it allows us to meet that and, then, be able to properly and accurately communicate to the consumer where the product was made.    Mr. Hendrickson. Thank you. I think you are absolutely correct.    Mr. Hendrickson. You know, I referred to in my testimony 78 percent. That came from a Consumer Reports test that was conducted in 2013. If given the opportunity and it is a similar product, there is an understanding and a belief that not only should it be a very respectable and, hopefully, even higher quality many of the times, but it also allows them to say, yes, I am spending my dollars in a way that supports the nation, that supports the jobs, my neighbor, my friends, my families. And so, the consumer does care, and they should be able to accurately be notified if it has been made in the U.S., and that has been very difficult for us to have to remove ``made in the USA'' from products that we have fought for decades to keep in the USA.    Mr. Hendrickson. Well, there are certain national retailers that are actually pushing marketing campaigns of made in USA. If those of us who are manufacturers in the U.S. can't communicate that to the consumer nor to the retailer, then we miss out on those opportunities for growth. So, this unified standard by the FTC allows manufacturers to benefit from the increased demand and from the consumer desire to seek out and purchase made-in-the-USA products.    Mr. Hendrickson. Thank you very much, Congressman.    Mr. Hendrickson. Now previous to our incident and lawsuit in California, we had ``made in the USA,'' obviously, on there. Today we don't claim where it is made. However, products that do come from other countries, some of our products that come from another country will represent that country. Today--and it is very unfortunate--the products that we have fought the hardest to keep in the U.S., we are unable to claim where they are made, for fear of additional negative impact lawsuits.    And we are very pleased to see H.R. 5092 come through because I think the U.S. manufacturing needs it, and it is going to help us. I think it is at the same time protecting the consumer because today they don't get to see that it was made in the U.S. and they deserve to know that.