    Ms. Davis. Thank you, Chairman Bishop and committee members, for giving me the opportunity to share my comments.    RIG-CHEM was formed in 1980 as a small oilfield service company that supported the energy industry. In 1984, my father, at the age of 50, was forced into early retirement by the downturn in the industry, much like what we are facing today. With his $25,000 severance after 21 years of service with Schlumberger, he invested his and his family's future in RIG-CHEM. By doing so, my parents created an opportunity for their children with the hope that the company would grow and support our family for many years to come, which it has. The days of modest investment and hard work are not as easily come by. Times are different, and $25,000 will not afford the same opportunities that were possible in 1984.    Our company employees 16 people across Louisiana and Texas, with an average tenure of 16 years of company service. We are proud to say that the average annual income of our dedicated employees is $66,000 per year. We also provide company-paid health insurance, 401(k) and profit sharing, and have never laid anyone off despite the cyclical highs and lows of the energy industry.    Over the last 30 years, our company has weathered through tough times, business challenges, increased competition, industry fluctuation, hurricanes, a moratorium, the Great Crew Change, and now a terrifying revisit of the early 1980s with the decline in the price of oil. Many other small, family-owned companies face these same challenges, but today our battle is not just managing economic market fluctuations; we now also have the impending obstacles of continued tightening of government regulation. These regulations will limit opportunities and squeeze small businesses out of the market, out of business today.    Our daily focus is to remain competitive, safe, and efficient in a shrinking industry, where the ability as a small, diverse company that has to compete against the majors is becoming increasingly difficult. There was a time that oil and gas operators welcomed small business to help develop new technology and keep competition healthy. Since Macondo, the moratorium, slow recovery, government interference, and record low oil prices, the value of diverse business is becoming extinct as companies do what is necessary to survive the times.    Speaking on a local level, the community where RIG-CHEM is located, Terrebonne Parish in Louisiana, last February had the lowest unemployment rate, at 2.8 percent, in the country. This week we were advised that our parish has been added to a credit rating watch list due to the rising unemployment and reduced sales tax collections, which are down by 15 percent. These uncertain times are more reason to work closely on regulation to prevent this from becoming a grave reality for many energy municipalities.    My plea to you is to allow industry to work collaboratively with government to address the needs of safety and responsibility together. Let the experts in their respective fields guide the decisions that impact our energy future and ultimately energy independence. When regulations are mandated, require that these burdens that are being leveraged upon our Gulf of Mexico operators be the same for those we import from into the United States, to level the global playing field.    I am not a technical expert, but a business owner who is concerned about the impact that the proposed Well Control Rule will indirectly have on RIG-CHEM, our employees, and the many small companies like ours. Let us together protect our future. I stand behind the oil and gas operators and state that the proposed Well Containment Rule does not provide substantial improvements to safety or build on post-Macondo progress, will hinder offshore oil and gas development, will eliminate jobs and hurt our energy security in the future, and I advise that the rule be rewritten.    We cannot control OPEC or the forces of nature, but we can stop imposing more regulations that will drive us out of business. There was a saying back in the 1980s--``the last person to leave should turn off the lights.'' Folks, the lights are dimming, and we will have no one else to blame but government for refusing to work toward a reasonable solution.    Let's work together. Let's work to keep the lights on.    Thank you very much for your time.    Ms. Davis. I agree there was a loss of life, and that is something you can never get back. I think, respectively, we know we have to do things in a safer manner. But we have always worked in this industry and we have been very safe. When that occurred, it was a terrible, terrible accident. We hope we never have to do it again.    Ms. Davis. No, sir. I think industry and government should work collaboratively together to come up with solutions that are going to be viable for the industry.    Ms. Davis. I don't know that it needs to be additional oversight. I think there needs to be some clarity in the ruling.    Ms. Davis. I think opportunity should be allowed.    Ms. Davis. Mr. Chairman, we lost 70 percent of our business as a result of the shutdown the last time with the moratorium, 70 percent, because we worked in deepwater primarily, and our company was a small business that felt that was a great place to work in the future. If you worked there, you were in a really good position.    If that were to happen today with the low price of oil, compounded with a tragedy, I just don't know what the implications would be. But we are survivors. We have worked through many, many challenges. I think we would still be here. We would find a way to work.    The Chairman. In your testimony, you also talked about the diverse business environment that fosters small entrepreneurs and that could become extinct. Could you just expand on that? Explain how Federal regulations could actually be threatening to small business.    Ms. Davis. Well, in my experience, small business, we work under different programs because of government allowances for small, minority, women-owned business opportunities. It gives us a great leverage to be able to work in the industry. It is not the primary reason you work in the industry, but it is considered. Small business is a big part of this great country.    So I think, from my perspective, we have to be able to continue to be allowed to work. We are reinventing ourselves today as things change. We are looking for new opportunities, new product lines to explore, and new ways to do business. We will continue to operate. Small businesses will suffer, but people are resilient. They will find a way to work through it.    The Chairman. I appreciate that optimism in what the future can bring. Unfortunately, sometimes when we have prescriptive rules that lock in a procedure, it doesn't allow for change even if that change is positive. I know Dr. Mason realizes this. I am in education as well. Education is very slow to change. Government is a whole lot worse; so we need to do that.    Mr. Leimkuhler, if I could ask you about these changes.    By the way, it is a good German name. I understand it, a good German name.    Offshore operators have undergone a myriad of changes and new safety requirements. How would the Well Control Rule be different from the other regulations you have had to go through in the last 5 years?    Ms. Davis. No, I have not been.    Ms. Davis. Not to my knowledge.    Ms. Davis. I don't think there is any more risk in deepwater.    Ms. Davis. It makes it very difficult to plan anything. To the point we talked of earlier, with all these regulations, things that are changing the environment, and all the things that are happening with OPEC, a company like RIG-CHEM can't sustain for much longer. We will go away, and small business will be hurt.    To your point about OPEC, we don't know, we have no way to predict what is going to happen for the future. All I can do is tell my employees every day that we have to keep looking for new opportunities; but with more regulation, that will not happen.    The Chairman. I appreciate that. This area of discussion is so broad, we didn't have a whole lot of time to go into a lot of things. We didn't even go into the exporting ban. But it seems very obvious that OPEC has a unique strategy that they are using to see if they can drive our country into a particular pattern. What scares me is, I think they are successful right now, which is worrisome to me, especially for the potential this country has as far as energy production and the significance of affordable energy in the ability of the entire economy to go forward, as well as how it helps people in their daily lives. If we do not have affordable energy, we don't have a lifestyle that is worth living, and that becomes extremely significant.