    Mr. DesJarlais. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the gentleman for being here again today.    Mr. George, how long has this investigation been ongoing?    Mr. DesJarlais. Both.    Mr. DesJarlais. Okay. And apparently, according to the ranking member, we've had 22 hearings now and we've spent $20 million. And sometimes it's hard to remember what the focus is of why we're even here because it's drug on so long, and it's drug on so long because the IRS has not been cooperating with us.    And also, I've got to wonder as investigators like yourself, how hard it is to conduct an investigation when the President informed you that there's not a smidgeon of corruption. Does it make it difficult to conduct an interview when our Commander in Chief, the leader of this country, the leader that was benefited by the fact that the IRS admittedly targeted conservative groups that were going to work against his presidency, has informed you that there's not a smidgeon of corruption? Does that make it difficult for you?    Mr. DesJarlais. Okay. And there was a comment about the cost of the hearings and number of hearings. Watergate had 250 hours of aired testimony gavel to gavel. We have not approached that yet. Watergate, in today's terms, cost a lot more than this. And I think we have an incident here that's every bit or more serious than Watergate. So it disheartens me that we have such opposition to these hearings. Eventually, democracy affects all of us, regardless of party, and maybe at some point we'll get to the bottom of something that will matter to people on the other side of the aisle.    There's been a lot of comments today about the numbers, the numbers of emails you're throwing out. There are 10,000, 30,000, and that you're being criticized for that. As investigators, how many emails does it take to incriminate somebody of wrongdoing?    Mr. DesJarlais. One. Yeah, one email. So what does it matter how many numbers are being thrown out there? We're trying to get to the truth. So I commend you guys for working hard and doing that.    Who at the IRS was overseeing the destruction of the backup tapes, or who was in charge of that?    Mr. DesJarlais. What was Kate Duval's role?    Mr. DesJarlais. Okay. Did you interview Ms. Duval?    Mr. DesJarlais. And was she aware that there was a problem with the collections of the emails?    Mr. DesJarlais. Okay. And what was her response?    Mr. DesJarlais. Was she held accountable for the fact that they're missing, that these have been destroyed?    Mr. DesJarlais. Okay. Do you feel that in your investigation to this point, knowing that the IRS has admittedly targeted conservative groups, they admitted wrongdoing. Lois Lerner came here and sat in your chair. She took the Fifth. She didn't want to incriminate herself. Do you agree with the President's statement that there's not a smidgeon of corruption going on in the IRS?    Mr. DesJarlais. All right. Well, I certainly appreciate the work that you're doing, and I know the American people appreciate the work that you're doing. This was an assault on democracy, the Democratic process, and the way elections are conducted, so I commend you two gentlemen.    And I yield back.