    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Madam Chairman. It was an honor to arrive before you----    Mr. Deutch . Once. First time ever.    Thanks so much for holding today's hearing, and thanks for your continued commitment to making sure that this committee keeps the humanitarian response to this herein crisis at the forefront of our work.    And thank you to Congressman Connolly and Congressman DeSantis for joining us in requesting the GAO report to review our humanitarian assistance to Syria. Because of the extent of U.S. commitment to responding to this humanitarian crisis, this report is not only very timely, but it is extremely important for the safety and for the accountability of our aid programs.    I also thank our witnesses for appearing here today and for the work that you do to ensure proper oversight of aid to the Syrian people who are in critical need.    The humanitarian crisis in Syria has reached staggering heights. I repeat these figures at every hearing because we have to take a moment to just try to grasp the magnitude of the crisis. There are now more than 13\1/2\ million people inside Syria in need of immediate humanitarian assistance. 13\1/2\ million people of which 6\1/2\ million are internally displaced. These people require health care, water and sanitation, shelter, food, and all of them desperately need protection. Since the crisis began in 2011, Syria's development situation has regressed almost by four decades, and the life expectancy among Syrians has dropped more than 20 years.    This humanitarian catastrophe is exacerbated further by the Assad regime, which has intentionally obstructed access to the Syrian people. The regime leverages food and water as a weapon of war. The regime's systematic denial of medical assistance, food supplies, and other humanitarian aid to people living in besieged areas is unacceptable. It is illegal under international law.    There are over 5 million people in hard-to-reach areas, including close to 600,000 people in 18 besieged areas who are dying from starvation. This flagrant violation of international humanitarian norms must end. The number of deaths surpasses 400,000 Syrians, and this number increases every day. These are not just numbers; they are human lives, and we must continue to think of that.    I commend the hundreds of aid workers, NGOs, and implementing partners that are on the ground risking their lives to provide food and medical care to the Syrian people. They, you, are doing an exceptional job in extraordinarily difficult circumstances, and I don't think that you get the credit that you deserve.    I am proud that the United States has stepped up to lead the worldwide humanitarian response effort. The U.S. has consistently led global funding efforts since 2013, and our total funding has passed $5 billion at the end of this year. Other donor countries must now fulfill their pledges, something that we say at every one of these hearings, and it continues to be true and urgent. Yet the scale of the need continues to grow.    I understand that the humanitarian response of this size is not easy, especially in an operating environment that is particularly dangerous and hostile. Delivery of U.S. humanitarian assistance inside Syria is further complicated by a reliance on partners who can deliver cross-border aid. This means USAID and other international NGOs have been forced to oversee assistance remotely from neighboring countries, including Turkey and Jordan.    USAID has relied on implementing partners to cross the border into Syria to deliver assistance into both government and opposition controlled areas. These cross-border operations only increase the opportunity for risks and fraud and for other entities and individuals to take advantage of our resources. This is troubling.    When I hear about organized criminal networks infiltrating aid organizations or instances of bribery, bid rigging, delivery of products of lower quality, or even the failure of delivery altogether, I am concerned about where the gaps exist within our humanitarian assistance programs. I am concerned whether these programs have adequately assessed the risks and provided the necessary oversight of the programs and their partners. Our aid agency and partners need to be prepared for potential risk and fraud, especially in a context like this. They need to consistently review and verify that they are meeting financial obligations and holding the highest standards for aid products and partners.    The GAO found that although USAID had guidelines for verifying the progress of activities in Syria, they did not include clear instructions to identify and recognize potential fraud risks. Moreover, field monitors did not receive fraud awareness training.    When internal controls monitoring and financial oversight plans fail, it puts taxpayer dollars at risk. But more importantly, it delays the critical and crucial assistance to those who are depending on this aid. It diverts resources from those who need it most. We need to keep our agencies and partners accountable. The Syrian people deserve that, and I am pleased to see that USAID has concurred and is in the process of implementing all of the GAO recommendations. I am also pleased that USAID has increased its own third-party monitoring of programs.    It is a war zone out there. We understand there will be unforeseen circumstances and challenges. There will, unfortunately, always be situations where individuals will attempt to take advantage of the chaos. Despite all these challenges, we need to have that confidence that the agencies are doing all they possibly can to mitigate fraud and mismanagement of our resources. We need to have the confidence that the agencies have made all the necessary risk assessments and are continually monitoring and updating procedures to close the gaps and vulnerabilities.    I applaud USAID for working so quickly to address these gaps, and I am hopeful that the measures that the USAID has put in place as a result of both the GAO and OIG's work will give us that confidence. All of that is to say, while there are many obstacles to assisting Syrians, we are helping millions and we are saving many, many lives. Americans can be proud that we are the largest donor country to the Syrian crisis, that we have the largest donor worldwide to humanitarian assistance. We are committed to living up to our values and to meeting the needs of the millions in crisis.    I look to our witnesses today to help us better understand the situation on the ground and to their recommendations.    And, Madam Chairman, before I yield back, I would take just a moment of personal privilege, if I may. Julie Ahn, who is sitting behind me, is a Rangel Fellow from the State Department, who is completing her internship with us before she heads off to the Kennedy School in the fall. She will then be entering the foreign service to pursue the good work that our foreign service officers do all around the world.    Mr. Deutch. So I thank you very much and I appreciate your giving me that opportunity.    I yield back.    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Madam Chairman. And I also want to express my personal gratitude and our committee's--subcommittee's gratitude for the work you have done here. I think it is really important.    Ms. Barr, I would like to pick up where the chairman left off, on what happens when there is a suspension for fraud activities?    I would tell my friend, if he would like to wait, I will sit in as the chair. It is not something that I get to do. I am just kidding.    Mr. Deutch. If I get to be chairman, I will.    When there is a program that is suspended, there is a quick--how quickly can we move to find a partner to pick up whatever support that program was providing, and how do we ensure that, for all of the really necessary oversight efforts that you both have been so deeply engaged in, that we don't wind up with serious gaps in providing the lifesaving services that are so important?    Mr. Deutch. I appreciate that. It is a really good suggestion.    Dr. Melito, I wanted to acknowledge, I think, what we have all already been discussing. In the conflict zone like Syria, we can't have U.S. personnel on the ground. So we rely on remote monitoring and management.    The report discusses many of the challenges of remote management, but if you could just elaborate on these challenges, and in this particular environment, why it is different in terms of what agencies and implementers have dealt with previously. Why is it such a concern for oversight in particular?    Mr. Deutch. Yes.    Mr. Deutch. And can you, just in the remaining time that I have, can you try to put a face on this? When--we are obviously concerned. We are grateful for the report, and we are concerned about instances of bribery and bid rigging and failure to provide the material that had been committed to or contracted to provide.    But what does that actually mean for the people who were to have been on the receiving end? And it is--we know what the impact is on our taxpayers, and that is why this is so important, but just how awful is it to the people on the ground who are in such desperate need?    Mr. Deutch. I am--I appreciate that.    And just, Ms. Barr, I would say to you, again, as grateful as we are for the focus on the impact, dollars are one thing and they are important. And as watchdogs, it is important that you focus on that. But the work that you do is so terribly important, because the proposals that you made, if they are followed, will mean not only that taxpayers can be satisfied that their tax dollars are being used the way they are supposed to, but that those tax dollars are actually being used to save lives. And we are grateful for that.    I yield back. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Deutch. No.