    Mr. Scott. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Panel, I am very concerned about the Department of Labor's fiduciary rule. Let me explain why.    I have spent most of my adult life working hard in the area of wealth building in the African-American community, and our President is a wonderful person; he is a decent, good man. But as an African-American, I am not sure that he has been properly advised as to how devastating this Department of Labor ruling will be on the African-American families in terms of wealth building.    Now I say that as one who--I am a graduate of the Wharton School of Finance, where I got my MBA. I went off and much of my work has been in investment. I had an investment portfolio in my own business that I started. As a result of that, they put me on the board of directors, the executive board of directors of the Wharton School.    And there, in that position, we pulled together, along with John Sculley, who was the chairman of our board and chairman of Pepsi-Cola at the time, an extraordinary program of wealth building. But what we found out was there were three elemental areas that prohibited wealth building and investment: education; financial advice; and the overarching complexity and diversity of the investment options in our system.    This Department of Labor rule will have a devastating effect on the African-American community, and on other lower and middle income, because they don't have that money to pay up front the fee costs. And when you put a contract there for them to sign, they are going to run away. I know. I have been there. I have worked with the African-American Chamber of Commerce on this.    So what I want to ask you all, you all are the Financial Stability Council of the United States Government. Take for a moment and look at the most unstable financial caring in this country as in African-American communities. Is it not too much for somebody on your committee to ask the President to hold off until we actually see just how devastating it is, affecting African-Americans? That is what I am asking you to do.    I asked Ms. White the other day in our meeting at the SEC, but she seems to have ceded her authority to the Labor Department, when we clearly put it, as you know, Mr. Watt, you were here. We wrote it into Section 913 in Dodd-Frank, that was the domain fiduciary of the Securities and Exchange Commission.    At no time did we hear from the Labor Department at the recent--talking about they had the retirement. And if they do, wouldn't it be respectful for them to sit with the regulatory agency that handles financial investments--the SEC and FINRA and work that out? I just urge you to examine these because the devastating impact is terrible.    My paper--the Atlanta General Constitution--I urge you to read it. Sunday's edition--front page of the business talks about the struggle of African-American families to build and growth wealth. And the number one reason why it is so slow is they can't get the education or the information.    Rich people investing, they don't have any problem. They can pay for that fee for service and most of them do. But when you get to annuities or trying to turn your life insurance into whole life or whatever you need advice for that.    Anyway, I urge you to ask the President to put a pause on this and let us see what the impact is on the Black families. Now, Mr. Massad, I wanted to--I think I have time. We had a terrible problem with the European Union on this equivalency with derivatives.    December 15th is the deadline and I want to know because it is going to have a devastating effect on our end users, on our exchanges and clearing houses. If we don't get equivalency in terms of our regulatory regime with the E.U. especially when they have given equal status to Singapore and other areas. What is the status on that in that we are just a week away from the deadline?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, sir.