    Ms. Opila. Thank you very much, Chairman, and Ranking Member Tonko, and distinguished members of the subcommittee.    I appreciate the opportunity to represent the Organization of Agreement States and discuss the OAS' views on low-level radioactive waste management with you.    The membership of OAS consists of State radiation control directors and staff from the 37 agreement States, who are responsible for the implementation of their respective agreement State programs.    Agreement States are those States that have entered into an effective regulatory discontinuance agreement with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission under subsection 274(b) of the Atomic Energy Act, the AEA.    The role of the agreement States is to regulate most types of radioactive material in accordance with the compatibility requirements, the AEA.    Under its own internal practices, the NRC periodically reviews the performance of each agreement State to assure compatibility with the NRC's regulatory standards.    The purpose of the OAS is to provide a mechanism for these agreement States to work with each other and with the NRC on regulatory issues associated with their respective agreements.    Throughout the years, both agreement States and nonagreement States have had the responsibility for implementing the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act.    As a result of the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act, States have formed compacts that have facilitated the safe disposal of radioactive waste.    At times, the compact system has been criticized because it has resulted in many States not having access to disposal facilities.    However, with the recent establishment of the Waste Control Specialist Facility in Texas, the establishment of the Texas Vermont Compact and that compact allowing access to the WCS facility from out of compact facilities, this situation has been largely resolved and that all States now have access to a waste disposal facility.    Additionally, the WCS facility has added much needed capacity to the overall low-level waste disposal inventory. The OAS board believes that the compact system should be maintained so that States can control the import and export of low-level radioactive waste within their jurisdiction.    Agreement States play a vital role in the regulation of low-level radioactive waste disposal in the United States. All four active low-level waste sites operate in the agreement States of Texas, Utah, South Carolina, and Washington.    It is these States, not the NRC, who have decades of experience in regulating low-level waste disposal. These States brought this experience to the recent discussions of changes to 10 CFR Part 61, the Federal rule regarding low-level radioactive waste disposal.    The purpose of this rule change was to consider the impacts resulting from the disposal of unique waste streams such as significant quantities of depleted uranium from the operation of a commercial uranium enrichment facility.    The OAS board has two primary objections to the current proposed amendments to Part 61. First, the board objects to redoing a sites performance assessment unless that site opts to take significant quantities of long-lived alpha emitters such as depleted uranium.    Sites that are not going to be accepting these unique waste streams do not need to conform to a performance assessment process that is designed specifically for those unique waste streams.    Importantly, performance assessments addressing the disposal of significant quantities of depleted uranium for two of the existing low-level waste disposal facilities have either been completed or will soon be completed.    Second, the board proposes compatibility C designation instead of compatibility B designation, as currently proposed by the NRC for the new requirements of Part 61.    Many States that regulate low-level radioactive waste sites currently have State standards that are more stringent than the requirements in the proposed rule.    These States should not be forced to weaken their standards to conform to the new NRC rules. Compatibility C designation would allow these States to implement standards that are acceptable to the State and the communities that host these disposal facilities as long as those standards are at least as stringent as the NRC standards.    Thank you very much.    Ms. Opila. Thank you, Chairman.    Disused sources are just like any other radioactive source that is licensed at a facility under an agreement State's authority.    And therefore those licenses require those facilities to safely and securely manage those sources just as they would any other sources.    The agreement States under their authority periodically inspect these facilities to ensure that the facilities are managing those sources, both disused and used, in a safe and secure manner.    Ms. Opila. Yes.    Ms. Opila. I believe that there are options that are being considered, one of which is for category one and category two sources, perhaps tracking the status of the source, whether or not it is used or disused in the national source tracking system.    Ms. Opila. I am sorry, sir.    Ms. Opila. The organization doesn't have an opinion on that particular question.    Ms. Opila. No, the organization does not have any recommendations for how Congress can improve. We believe the compact system is working well. We believe the compact system is working well.    We believe that the States that regulate the facilities do a good job of regulating these facilities and so we do not have any recommendations at this time.    Ms. Opila. Yes, sir.    Most of the facilities that generated low-level waste in States that did not have access to a facility during that time period between when the Atlantic Compact closed to out-of-compact waste and when the WCS facility was open to out of compact waste, those facilities were required to basically store their waste on Site until they could have access to a disposal facility.    Ms. Opila. Sure.    Essentially, the way we understand the proposed requirements of Part 61 that they would require all facilities, current facilities to redo their performance assessments and for facilities that are not going to be taking these unique waste streams there is no need for that and the cost that would be incurred by the facility to do this very detailed performance assessment as well as the cost incurred to the agreement State to evaluate the performance assessment could be significant.    And those costs would not--or redoing these performance assessments would not enhance the safety of, you know, disposal waste at those facilities if they are not going to be taking these unique waste streams.    Ms. Opila. Again, our concern is that the costs that would be incurred by the facilities and the States to redo those performance assessments and evaluate them could be significant and we don't, again, feel that that would be necessary and would not enhance any safety of disposal waste at those facilities.