    Mr. Wittes. Thank you, Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, and members of the committee, for inviting me to present my views on the President's proposed authorization for the use of military force against the Islamic State.    I want to advance, I am more modest than Bobby on this, I want to advance only two basic arguments today, and the first is that the administration's draft ISIL AUMF, while it is a significantly flawed document, is flawed in ways that are somewhat different from many of the criticisms being advanced against it. So I want to start by separating what, from my vantage point anyway, is the wheat from the chaff, and sort of dispensing with a number of the criticisms of the draft that are, to my judgment at least, meritless or having significantly less merit than their presence in the conversation.    So, many critics have worried that the draft AUMF would limit the President and his successor in prosecuting the war, and some in this regard, some have worried about the limitation on the use of ground forces; others have argued that the problem is chiefly the 3-year proposed sunset. I think both concerns are actually misplaced, at least as a legal matter, though Professor Chesney's point that they may have political--operate as political constraints is certainly a valid one.    I think it is misplaced as a legal matter for largely the same reason, which Professor Chesney just alluded to, which is that this authorization, at least as the administration proposes it, is not the President's only source of authority to use force. And so limitations in the authorization don't limit Presidential power to the extent that some other authority exists for the contemplated action.    The proposed authorization leaves in place untouched the 2001 AUMF, which the administration has construed quite broadly, which does--including to cover all of its operations today, and which doesn't contain a sunset provision. So the result is that you actually have these optical restraints that don't, in fact, do what they seem to say they are doing.    So, moreover, I think it is implausible, and both of my co-panelists have mentioned this, that the ground force limitation in the AUMF is, you know, quite what it seems to be even if it were the only source of authority, and the reason is the elasticity of the word ``enduring'' and ``offensive.'' And I think all--the resolution does not define either word.    And there is just a lot of room for elastic interpretation there, and I can't imagine that an administration that wanted to use ground forces in any significant way would not be able to either define them as not offensive or define them as something less than enduring.    A number of commentators have also complained that the draft resolution contains no hard geographic limitations that would contain it to Iraq and Syria. I think this is a--this criticism actually denigrates what is one of the virtues of the administration's AUMF.    ISIL is a fluid enemy. It is by no means likely to restrict its activities to Iraq and Syria. And, as General Keane points out, it is already developing relationships with countries elsewhere, with groups elsewhere that, you know, would be off limits if a hard geographical limit were--limitation were in the document and the document were legally operative.    I ask you to consider that if a similar geographic limitation had been inside the original 2001 AUMF we would never have been able to undertake, under that authorization, operations against AQAP, which have been so vital to American counterterrorism.    All that said, I do think the administration's draft has serious problems, which mostly have their roots in the proposal's breadth and failure to grapple with the relationship with the underlying 2001 AUMF. Now, as a lot of people have noted, the document, on its face, does not appear broad. It seems to have all these limitations.    But it is actually written very carefully to make the--create the impression of significant limitations without the reality. And the administration's lawyers have succeeded in this to a degree that they are being denounced for the breadth, for the restrictions in the proposal rather than developing anxiety about its actual breadth.    In fact, the real problem is that, despite the appearance of accepting restraint, the document contains virtually no meaningful restraints at all. And the reason for that is the failure to grapple with the underlying 2001 AUMF, which it leaves in place without any--I also have developed anxieties about the word ``sunset,'' but without any forcing mechanism for reconsideration.    So under the administration's proposal, at least as a legal matter, the President would have all the authority he has today, including all the authority to fight ISIL under the 2001 AUMF. And in addition to that, he would also be granted 3 years of even broader authority to target ISIL and its associated forces. And by the way, the draft defines ``associated forces'' quite broadly.    Thus, the limitations on ground forces is entirely meaningless, since the 2001 AUMF remains in place. This doesn't concern me particularly because I don't actually favor a ground force limitation, but for those who do favor a ground force limitation, I think you should be particularly concerned by one that is there in appearance but not in reality.    The 3-year sunset is also largely meaningless because the 2001 AUMF doesn't sunset. And the reporting requirements, which are quite anemic on their own terms, are similarly empty, and I think that should be a particular concern to this committee.    Second point I want to advance is that there is an alternative to this approach. In November of last year my co-panelist Robert Chesney, Jack Goldsmith, Matt Waxman, and I jointly drafted a possible AUMF, which we sort of imagined as a way of sort of kick-starting a discussion on the subject.    It did, and actually a lot of consensus developed between our author group and a group over at the Just Security website about the components of a new AUMF. Unlike the President's recent proposal, our proposal aimed to integrate authorization for the fight against ISIL into authorization for the larger conflict, and we tried to supplant the existing AUMF with a more modern document to respond to exactly the concerns that Professor Chesney just laid out.    So I want to identify a few aspects of this proposal that are relevant, in light of the criticisms that the President's AUMF has received both from the right, left, and center.    So first, unlike the President's draft, our proposal would subsume the current AUMF, which covers, as the administration and the courts interpreted, Al Qaeda, the Taliban, and associated forces, and it would then repeal the underlying document. The result is that there would be a single authorization for fighting Al Qaeda, the Taliban, ISIL, and all of their associates.    Second, because there would be no duplication in the authorization, the proposal's sunset provision would actually means something. It would actually serve the forcing function that the chairman was referring to.    Third, while the draft does not contain specific geographic limitations, as the President's does, like the President's, it does not contain that, but it does authorize force only where it could be used consist with applicable international law concerning sovereignty and the use of force, thus giving some territorial guidance. It would allow the sort of things we did with Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula; it would not allow, say, the use of force or authorize the use of force, you know, in France.    And fourth, the proposal contains significantly more robust reporting requirements than does the administration's draft, and I would urge you, even if you are proceeding off of the administration's draft, to look at the disparity between what we would have asked them to report and what they want to have reported. I think that difference alone is very substantial.    So look, I have no doubt that our proposal could stand significant improvement in any number of areas, and there are aspects of it, actually looking back at it 5 months after we wrote it, that I would change. But our--I think our draft offers an approach that is far less susceptible than the administration's draft to the concerns that many scholars across the political spectrum have raised.    And as this body considers how to authorize the conflict against ISIL and how--and really importantly, how that authorization should interact with the existing AUMF, our proposal may offer an alternative way forward that might attract a broader swath of support.    So thank you very much. Look forward to taking any questions.    The Chairman. Thank you.    And I appreciate, again, testimony from each of you.    I guess I would like to have each of you comment on kind of a basic question, which is how important do you think it is for Congress to authorize a use of military force? I am not really talking about whether the 2001 covers ISIL, that is--although that is an interesting question I would hope we get to today.    What I am talking about is some people argue that Article 2 means the President can do whatever he needs to do to protect the country, and terrorism is a threat so he can take action whenever and however he wants to. On a more practical level, some folks say, ``He has been bombing for 6 months. Why do you need to act now? You know, just don't worry about it. Let it go on.''    So, Mr. Wittes, starting with you, I would like to hear your views about the constitutional and legal importance of Congress acting to authorize a President's use of military force.    And then, General Keane, by the time we get back to you I would like to hear how that affects our troops, how they see Congress acting or not acting to authorize the missions on which the Commander in Chief sends them.    So if we can just go backwards up the line.    Mr. Wittes.    Mr. Wittes. Sure. I mean, look, at a practical level--at a basic, brass tacks, practical level, the military is going to do what the Commander in Chief orders it to do, assuming, you know, it is lawful order, irrespective of whether this body passes a document or not. And so at that level it is probably true that in some very tangible, immediate way it doesn't matter all that much.    I would say, however, that it matters very much for three reasons. One is, I just have a moral problem with the idea of asking U.S. troops in a--to engage in a long-term set of military operations without them knowing that the political branches of their government are behind them, and I think it is just not an appropriate thing for--it is not an appropriate message to send to our own people.    Number two, at the level of--I don't know if it is constitutional law, but it is certainly constitutional hygiene. Relying on a more than 13-year-old document that is about a different organization in a different part of the world to conduct military operations now for a different reason, you know, is I think that is a very bad way for Congress and the administration to behave.    It is not good to have legal authorities that you have to stretch and torture to have them reach the problems that you face. We should go through the exercise, as a democratic polity, of describing the war that we actually want to fight and doing so.    And then the third reason, which I think is a defense of this body's prerogatives with war powers you know, if you all believe that, in fact, the definition of the parameters of a war is not something that this body has, that is not something you have a stake in, it is not, you know, part of why you got elected to office, then fair enough. You know, maybe you shouldn't be involved in the conversation.    But if that sounds like a sort of insulting thing to say, and of course this body has a role in defining the parameters of--scope of military action overseas, and of course it has an oversight function, then this is a critical aspect of this body's engagement with its own constitutional responsibilities in this area.    Mr. Wittes. I am very glad you asked that question, because I actually think the reporting requirements that the administration wrote into its draft AUMF should reasonably be regarded as insulting to--probably less to the committees of jurisdiction than to the larger Congress, and certainly to the public.    For the last number of years there has been a quiet but occasionally erupting tension between--I see--sometimes see it--I don't know if it has arisen on this committee, but it has certainly come up on--with your Senate counterparts, where people have wanted to get a list of groups that are covered by the AUMF, and the administration has actually not produced a list of groups that the AUMF authorizes force against. And I think this is kind of a mind-boggling thing that you have a 13-, 14-year-old war in which the position of the executive branch is that there is no--you know, there is no public list of the group of people that we are at war with.    And so I think, at a minimum, the reporting requirements should require public reporting of the list of organizations that the administration considers affiliates, associates, co-belligerents of the organizations that it is authorizing force against.    One of the reasons to integrate the existing AUMF into the old AUMF is so that you can apply those reporting requirements to Al Qaeda, the Taliban, and their associated forces----    Mr. Wittes. Well, there is a--there is some pretty broad language here about who counts as an associated forces, but I am saying, you know, that is a separate fight. The question, once you have decided somebody is an associated force, who gets to know that, right? And I think this--the Congress should be advised of who is an associated force, and unless there is some compelling national security reason to keep it secret from the public, that should be provided in public forum, as well.    Secondly, the administration's draft talks about--I don't have the language of it in front of me, but it talks about a semiannual report or a twice-annual report on specific actions taken under the authorization. Now, again, there is no clarity about what ``specific actions'' mean, and there is some question if you have duplicative authorizations whether you are taking it under this authorization or under the other one that doesn't have the reporting requirements.    So I think that, you know, in the draft that Professor Chesney and our co-authors and I wrote, we laid out what we thought were a sort of robust and reasonable set of reporting obligations. The text of that is in my prepared statement, and I still think those make sense, honestly.    Mr. Wittes. So this was written back in November in a post on Lawfare by the four of us. We had written a draft AUMF, a much more complicated draft, about a year and a half earlier than that, and so this was a response to some of the criticisms that we had received, and also a response to ISIL, which had emerged in the meantime.    And what we tried to do was to authorize force against the Taliban, Al Qaeda, ISIL, and their associated forces. We did not have a ground force restriction, in which I don't think any of us particularly believed, and we did have a sunset provision that was also 3 years.    But I think there is a very simple solution to the problem of triggering, flagging for the enemy a lack of resolve: Make the thing longer and don't call it a sunset.    Mr. Wittes. I have nothing to add to that.    Mr. Wittes. Wittes.    Mr. Wittes. No worries.    Mr. Wittes. So I have got 2 minutes to answer this question----    Mr. Wittes . And I am going to do my best.    Mr. Wittes. So, look, the--what we said in the proposal was that Congress authorizes action in any location that it--that action--military action would be appropriate and lawful under international law of sovereignty and the use of force. Now, in circumstances, for example, where you would implicate the President's Article 2 self-defense authorities, of course he wouldn't have to rely on this authorization. So in the exigent, imminent defense situation, he can operate under his own authority to the extent that he needs to.    There are two ways to satisfy the sovereignty barrier under international law. One is if you have the consent of the country in question. Yemen tolerates our conducting drone strikes against AQAP; Pakistan has sometimes permitted our, you know, our use of drones to strike targets in Pakistan. That alleviates--ends the sovereignty problem.    The other way is that the U.S. position is that it has the authority to use force against a--on the--against--on the territory of a non-consenting state when that state is either unwilling or unable to contain and deal with the threat that is emanating from its soil against us.    And so what this would say is if one of those two, that is if that is your position as the administration on your international authority to use force, if you are within it then you are within Congress' blessing and authorization. But we are not giving you authorization to do stuff that would otherwise violate international law as you understand it.    Mr. Wittes. I mean, I very much agree with that.    Mr. Wittes. So what it means very simply is that the additional authorization here is purely additive, not there is no, you know, the interaction between this and the underlying document is that this merely adds authority. It does not tailor authority. It doesn't really, despite the optics, at least as a legal matter it doesn't limit authority.    And I think if I have one message for this committee it is, think about the new authorization in interaction with the prior authorization, because otherwise you end up talking about restrictions that aren't real restrictions, and you also end up imposing, you end up doing all kinds of things that you don't know you are doing or you don't mean to be doing because there are these other documents out there.    And so think, think about it as though you had to today answer the question, what force do we want to be authorizing overseas in general against the groups that we might want to use force against. And some of that involves rewriting the old AUMF, and some of it involves the discrete expansion of it into the ISIL and associated forces department.    But think about that question holistically. Don't try to think about it as, you know, hey, what can we add that is on ISIL in particular, because then you end up with restrictions that don't seem to mean what they say.    Mr. Wittes. I can give you a 2-second answer to that: because the administration wanted to maintain flexibility.    Mr. Wittes. I mean, I think I am overwhelmingly unqualified to address any of those questions, frankly. I am not an expert on fiscal matters. I am actually not an expert on European-U.S. relations. And, you know, I--you guys asked me to address the merits of the President's proposal, and I have tried to give some technical guidance on that.    Mr. Wittes. Right. So this is an excellent question.    Under the draft that we wrote you also have a notional silence about detention operations except that the language that we used to authorize force is the exact same language that the D.C. Circuit has used to describe the--in the current--under the current AUMF the detention authority that it embeds. And so what we were trying to do there was not change the status quo as to detention except to add ISIL to the list of groups that you--ISIL and its associated forces--that you could apply the AUMF's detention authority to.    I suppose we can be criticized along the same lines that Professor Chesney criticized the administration for sort of doing it elliptically rather than directly. As you know, as this committee knows, I have--I am all for being explicit about detention authorities, which, you know, has been a big theme of a lot of my work, and so if there were any inclination in the broader political community to make detention authority under this AUMF explicit, I think that would be a wonderful, wonderful thing and a very appropriate thing for the committee to do.    My concern about the way the administration has worded this draft is that because it is not piggybacking off of the existing AUMF, the moment you detain somebody under it you would have a habeas litigation in which you would have to, and I think the administration would win, by the way, but you would have to litigate the question, does this detention authority, does detention authority exist under this AUMF. I think under our draft it is a lot, lot clearer what the answer to that question would be.    Mr. Wittes. I don't really have much to add to that. I mean, I think the focus on safe havens and ungoverned territories is critical. These lead to very bad outcomes, and the last 20 years is just one example of that after another. And I think the instinct to create, to remove, to allow sovereign power from reasonable governments--you know, non-exporting of violence governments--over what are now ungoverned territories is a pivotal objective both in this area and in other parts of the world where we are dealing with similar problems.    Mr. Wittes. So I think the--at the polar levels the answer to your question is, I think, pretty clear, which is to say--let's say, you know, I am a member of Al Qaeda and I openly and publicly renounce and break my affiliation with the group, I think there is a pretty good argument under those circumstances that, to the extent that the AUMF once covered me, it may no longer cover me.    And similarly, if you imagine a faction of Al Qaeda that breaks off and says, you know, ``We want to start a peace process,'' right, I think you could make an argument that you might think about that group very differently under the AUMF.    Both of those are somewhat fantastical examples, but I think the other side of it is if Al Qaeda changes its name tomorrow to Greenpeace, no one would seriously argue that we then lack the authority to, you know, attack, you know, the Greenpeace front in Syria. Where the question gets very hard is where you have these ever splintering groups that are historically affiliated but may be no longer affiliated, or may be offshoots of groups that are themselves offshoots.    And here I think, you know, I go back to the point that, you know, we started with, which is that the underlying document is aged. It is very appropriate, given that, to write a document that describes the war that we are fighting rather than, in fact, rather than the war that we thought 13 years ago we would be fighting.    By the way, that document will have a shelf life and a half-life too, and it will start degrading almost as soon as you pass it, which is another reason that the idea of whatever you call it--the renewal or the sunset or the reengagement, no pun intended--is a good one, and it forces you to come back and say, ``Does this document still describe what we want to be doing?''    The core of the problem you identify is unsolvable because, unlike, you know, the Third Reich, which doesn't morph, right? It asserts a sovereignty; it is what it is; it is--you know, this is not--this is more fluid than that.    The Chairman. Okay.    Mr. Chesney.