    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And good morning to you and to the Members, and to Mr. Wilkins. Welcome.    Today's topic is an important one; the FCC's budget, and we again welcome you back to the subcommittee, Mr. Wilkins.    I noticed that we have some very young people in the audience, and it occurred to me, I wonder if they know what we are talking about, if they are going to get this. So let us see if we can't keep it at an elemental level so that you understand what the committee is doing and why we are here today. It is very important because we are reviewing the proposed budget for a very important agency, the Federal Communications Commission.    I think the questions that I would like to see addressed anyway, because I think that they are very high import, are the following. And that is, will the agency have the necessary staff to carry out the world's first voluntary incentives spectrum auction, along with the IP transition, the review of pending mergers, and USF reform. These are all topline priorities, not only for the agency, but for this committee that has really shaped those policies that are carried out by the FCC. So I want to make sure that you have the resources to do that.    Will the agency be able to upgrade its IT infrastructure so that public comments on issues that are important to the American people can be filed without crashing your Web site. We saw what happened last year when there were over four million people that weighed in, voicing their support for enforceable net neutrality rules, and I would like to hear about that, what plan do you have and what is built into your budget to handle that. Will the agency remain on track to move its headquarters within the next 2 years? It is my understanding that by reducing the agency's footprint, that it is estimated that approximately $119 million of taxpayer dollars would be saved over 15 years. Now, that may not be the biggest number in the Federal Government, but I think anyone that is in the room would welcome having $119 million in their checking account over the next 15 years. Finally, will the FCC be able to develop and implement, and I think the chairman raised this, a do-not-call registry for telephone numbers used by 911 call centers. This is, again, another high priority of ours. Certainly, it has been mine, going back to the '90s. This provision was included in the Public Safety and Spectrum Act that we wrote in this committee in 2012 to ensure that automatic dialing or robo-call equipment does not tie up public safety lines, and unnecessarily divert critical emergency resources.    So I don't think these are small questions. They are important ones, and they track on a parallel track what the subcommittee's priorities and legislation has been, and especially when the agency, and this is my understanding, you can confirm it or deny it, that the agency is employing today the lowest number of full-time staff in 30 years. The agency has to have the tools and the resources to fulfill its mission, which means more successful spectrum auctions, like the nearly $45 billion, we are so proud of that, we really are very proud of that, that was raised earlier this year.    So whether it is protecting the public interest, promoting competition, enhancing innovation, these are all of the core of the mission of the FCC, and we look forward to hearing your testimony. Thank you for your service, and I look forward to your directing answers to us on the questions that I pose.    And with that, I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Eshoo. I forgot something, Mr. Chairman. May I ask for----    Ms. Eshoo . Unanimous consent to submit a letter for the record from Consumers Union? It regards the importance of the FCC's IT modernization for American consumers.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you again for having this hearing. It is always an important one, and our oversight is just essential. It is one of the major responsibilities that we have in the Congress.    And, Mr. Wilkins, you are a terrific testifier.    Mr. Eshoo. You were brief in your opening statement, you didn't have to read anything, you are smart, you know the agency, and it is very helpful to us because you give very direct answers.    You testified that the FCC plans a net reduction of 37 full-time employees for fiscal year 2016. We know that agencies can essentially cook the books by reducing the number of full-time employees, but then hire them back as contractors. Is that anywhere near the case with the agency? Can we just dispense of this as something that is not going to take place? Can you assure us that it is not----    Ms. Eshoo . Going to?    Ms. Eshoo. Well, that is good news.    I want to congratulate the agency on its recent efforts to crackdown on consumer billing fraud. Just last week, the FCC announced a $9 million fine against a company that was illegally billing consumers, and switching their telephone company without the consent of the consumers. It makes me really wonder why people will do what they do. I guess they think they can get away with it, but it is an important function of the FCC.    So specifically, how does your budget request help the FCC continue this important consumer protection work?    Ms. Eshoo. Where is that buried in the budget----    Ms. Eshoo . And do you know how much it is?    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Right.    Ms. Eshoo. On the whole issue of IT, I think the chairman raised this, you mentioned it in your opening statement, my experience in Congress, both on this committee and as a member of the Intelligence Committee, is that the government is really lousy when it comes to procurement of IT. People don't know what they are buying.    Ms. Eshoo. And I mean you can have a GS-14 and they may know the agency really well, but they really don't know what they are buying. People can sell them just about anything. A lot of taxpayer dollars wasted.    My question to you is, and you started to mention a part of this is, what you plan to purchase relative to the IT system to make it robust and 21st century and effective, and all of that. Is this being built for you, or is it off-the-shelf?    Ms. Eshoo. Great. That is the best answer you could have given me. Nothing to pursue there. That was just what I wanted to hear.    On the AWS-3 auction, and the near $45 billion that it raised, we were very specific about where those dollars were to be applied. What I would like to know is when will these funds be available for obligation?    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. So when do you think that money will be obligated?    Ms. Eshoo. No, but I mean do you think it is going to be in a year or 6 months, or just some ballpark.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Right.    Ms. Eshoo. OK. There has been a lot of attention given to the need for enhanced location accuracy when calling 911 from a wireless phone. Many landline phones in large office buildings still only provide the building's address. Where is the FCC on this? If you had to make a 911 call----    Ms. Eshoo . Yes. Tell me how it would work.    Ms. Eshoo. Is it going to work or----    Ms. Eshoo . Is it in the works that it is going to work, or----    Ms. Eshoo. Well, I know what the process is with first responders and all that, but----    Voice. You dial 911.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes, exactly. You dial 911, but I want to know what happens after that. Does the first responders, do they have the granular location information----    Ms. Eshoo . Do callers need to dial an extra 9 before the 911?    Ms. Eshoo. Are you going to fix that?    Ms. Eshoo. Are you going to get rid of the 9?    Ms. Eshoo. Yes, well, you are really not behind the 8 ball on this. That really needs to be upgraded, and especially that it is the FCC. You should be the example, not only for the rest of the Federal Government, but for the entire country, so you need to work on that.    My time is up, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Wilkins.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.    The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, we weren't back in the room yet, he raised a very interesting point about asking Mr. Wilkins would the FCC not have saved money, essentially, if, in fact, there were a legislative approach to the issue of net neutrality. And I think it is important to state for the record that, wherever people are on this, that is where they are----    Ms. Eshoo . But I think that it is important to state for the record that broadcasters sued after decisions were taken by the Congress. USF, I mean there is a line as long as Independence Avenue of people that sued relative to what the Congress did and the lawsuits that were filed. Certainly, the incentive auction brought forward lawsuits. There was previous action by the Congress on net neutrality, but I don't think it stands in the same area as the 3 that I just mentioned. So there is not a tidy answer to this. There just isn't. It is not one size fits all. Congress takes actions on a daily basis, and people sue. So it is not just one way or the other. And I just wanted to get that down for the record. And I appreciate your giving me the time.    And, Mr. Wilkins, I think you have just been a terrific witness because you are an effective person at the FCC in terms of the work that you do. Thank you.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman.