    Mr. Brat. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, it is an honor to have our First Lady from Virginia with us today. Thank you for being here.    I am going to introduce Mr. Duke Storen. Duke is a national policy expert with extensive experience researching and managing child nutrition programs. He hails from my Central Virginia district, as well, and serves as senior director of research for Share Our Strength.    Share Our Strength is an organization that works to end childhood hunger in America by connecting kids to effective nutrition programs. It also teaches low income families how to shop and cook healthy food on a budget. Parents learn to shop strategically, using nutrition information to make healthier choices and cook good, affordable meals.    Before coming to Share Our Strength, Mr. Storen worked at the USDA under two administrations managing child nutrition programs and leading efforts to improve access to them. He has 22 years of experience fighting hunger and addressing poverty, and has consulted with state governments on using technology to improve program effectiveness and efficiency.    Today he will share some ideas on how to make federal nutrition programs more effective and efficient.    Pleasure to have you with us today.    And, Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you.    Mr. Brat. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I was going to tee up a couple softballs for my friends on the panels but the more I listen the more I am kind of a Johnny One Note. With an economics background, I think I am going to go there again.    Flexibility seems to be the key, and so I am going to ask this to all four of you, and you are not going to like the question because there are no good answers coming, but I want to hear you address flexibility.    Public-private is in the air and I am going to give you a little hint as to what is coming on the public-private relationship coming up with my comments. I met with the governor of Virginia yesterday; he is doing a great job, going to China and India. They are growing at 7 percent; we are growing at 2 percent.    And in this country, defense sequestration is taking a huge toll on Virginia, and Virginia's economy, and so everybody wants to know what are we going to do about resources across the board on this. There is no money. Right? There is no money for anything. And I said, well, if you think that is bad, I got worse news for you. Four programs under the federal government will consume the entire federal budget by 2032. Right? So you go to the U.S. debt clock, make sure I am not fibbing, right? Factcheck does it for me weekly in my newspaper so you can go check it out. But the country is $18 trillion in debt. We have $127 trillion in unfunded liabilities at the federal level.    Four programs under law, the entitlement programs, Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, Bush prescription drug plan, are two-thirds of the budget currently. Those four programs will be 100 percent of the budget by 2032. So that is the context we are all operating in. And so I have got a tough question for you.    It seems to me the solution isn't food. The solution seems to me, as an economist, is getting the parents engaged in the private sector with meaningful jobs so that they can provide food and are educated to solve the problem. So I think if we are aiming for the wrong policy target, we are going to hit it. And it is the wrong answer.    So the problem isn't food, the problem is how do you have gainfully employed parents who are educated to the point that they can provide food for their kids? Because we all care about the kids. And that is the goal.    And so I am just kind of laying that out to--you have got 16 years to solve that problem, right? It is not going to be a matter of finding resources and funding for food at the federal level, given the numbers I just gave you. So put on your creative thinking cap. How do you think about that problem? What do you got? We have got 16 years before four programs take up 100 percent of the federal budget to solve this problem.    Any ideas? Go in order.    Mr. Brat. And the economic imperative, I mean, I am newly elected. I have been going around to all the high schools and I am asking the high schoolers, senior graduating high schoolers, you know what a business is? Half the hands go up. I said, good, now put your hands way high in the air because I am going to ask you a question about business. Every hand goes down, right?    And so business and economics, that is the imperative, but at the school level, what are we doing, right, to get kids equipped, 20, 25 percent of the kids are going go on to 4-year colleges. The rest are not and so food is an issue, that is an issue, so, I mean, I am interested in hearing some creative thinking on how we solve some huge education problems.    That is our committee, to get kids ready for that workforce and, in the short run, I am with you. I mean, I did economic regression stuff on all this inputs to what creates higher SOL scores in Virginia for 20 years. So I know the inputs, the cause whatever. So, in the short run, it is an answer. In the long run, I don't think it is a sustainable answer.