    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, I agree this is a very, very important topic and I appreciate our panel being here with us today.    Dr. Baker, you know, in 1989 a geomagnetic disturbance brought on by a solar weather event caused millions of Canadians to lose their power for approximately nine hours. The grid in that situation collapsed within 92 seconds of the geomagnetic disturbance event. If a similar event occurred today almost 30 years later, would there be more of a warning? Would we know about it in advance?    Mr. Johnson. So it could be a more negative impact?    Mr. Johnson. Sure.    Mr. Johnson. Yeah, I share your concern. As a 30-year-plus IT professional, I have a great concern about the interconnectivity. There's great benefit to it but there's also tremendous risk associated with it. So in that vein, is there technology available to help us contain or limit the impact and should we be looking at that kind of technology?    Mr. Johnson. Well, yeah, I agree with you. It certainly gives us pause to stop and think. You know, we should do a risk-benefit analysis to determine whether or not the risk of a particular----    Mr. Johnson. --system interconnectivity is an issue or not.    How often do other events affect everyday life like high-frequency radio communications, our space travelers' health, satellite function, and aircraft electronic systems?    Mr. Johnson. Yeah. Well, I mean we saw things like the Carrington event back in the early 1900s or earlier----    Mr. Johnson. --1900s. Is there technology available today to increase the warning time of those types of events?    Mr. Johnson. Has anything of the magnitude of the Carrington event occurred since then?    Mr. Johnson. Is that right? Wow. How concerned are you about an extreme space weather event taking place during our lifetime? And you just said that, 2012, a couple of weeks' difference and we'd be still picking up the pieces. What do you mean by picking up the pieces? What would have been the potential implications of that?    Mr. Johnson. I don't know. In Marietta, Ohio, the squirrels knockout transformers all the time and----    Mr. Johnson. Well, it's amazing how many things like this are out there that we--that--I daresay that many people have no clue how precipitously close we are to a disaster of magnanimous proportions and we don't even know about it. It's happening almost right under our noses and we don't know it.    Mr. Johnson. Okay. All right. Well, Mr. Chairman, I've exceeded my time. I yield back.