    Mr. Harriger. Good morning. Thank you, Chairman Davis, Chairman Rouzer, Chairman Conaway, Ranking Members DelBene and Costa, and distinguished Members of the Committees. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today on the role of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in protecting our nations' agricultural security.    When the Department of Homeland Security was created in 2003, and the agricultural quarantine inspection mission at our ports of entry transitioned from USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service to CBP, I transferred along with it. Throughout my 34 years of service with CBP and the USDA, leading agricultural compliance, inspection, pest exclusion, and eradication programs, I learned firsthand the challenges and risks associated with securing our nation from agricultural threats, while simultaneously facilitating lawful travel and trade that is so critical to our economy.    As the nation's unified border security agency, CBP continues to work closely with the USDA and other government and private-sector partners to protect the nation from a variety of diverse threats, including those posed by plant pests, biological agents, and foreign animal diseases arriving by air, land, and sea. Agricultural inspections have traditionally focused on the unintentional introduction of pests and diseases; those unnoticed and associated with someone's luggage, or hitchhiking on the floor of a container. With the added danger of agro-terrorism, that is, intentional introduction of pests, diseases, or biological agents, the role of the CBP's agriculture specialists at our ports of entry is more crucial than ever.    CBP's Agricultural Quarantine Inspection Programs are a key component of our border security mission. CBP's more than 2,400 highly trained CBP agriculture specialists, located at approximately 180 ports of entry, perform the complex function of determining the admissibility of agriculture commodities, and preventing the introduction of harmful pests, diseases, and potential agro-terrorism into the United States. CBP's multi-layered agricultural security approach involves several key programs that increase CBP's awareness of what may be inside shipments or carried by travelers, and enhance our ability to assess whether it poses a risk to our natural resources.    I would like to highlight just a few of those efforts for you today.    First, many of the same analytical tools used in support of CBP's antiterrorism activities related to the movement of cargo and travelers are also used to target potentially harmful agricultural items that may be approaching our borders. To enhance agriculture targeting, CBP has developed the framework for a National Agriculture Cargo Targeting Unit that focuses solely on agricultural threats in all cargo pathways. This specialized unit creates a centralized national-level repository of agriculture intelligence, enabling efficient dissemination and information to local ports of entry for appropriate action.    Second, in addition to our targeting capabilities, CBP deploys a variety of specialized detection technologies and resources. CBP's agriculture detection canines, for example, are a key operational asset when screening passengers, cargo, and conveyances, to prevent the introduction of prohibited agricultural materials that can harbor harmful plant pests and foreign animal diseases.    And, Members, at this time, I would like to defer to CBP Agriculture Specialist Currier, and her trusty pal, to give a little demonstration on the efficiency and efficacy of our canine program.    Mr. Harriger. Please.    Mr. Harriger. Just one more, if I may, sir, for our closing.    The third prong that we have, besides our detection and targeting, are our partnerships with APHIS and our Doctors Hospital of Stark partners, we form the basis to improve our information sharing, our targeting capabilities, and our ability to conduct special operations. Those partnerships also enhance our ability to conduct regulatory exams, interdict prohibited agricultural items, intercept plant pests, and perform compliance monitoring.    CBP's agriculture quarantine inspection is a very critical component of our nation's border security mission. Committee Members, in delivering this program, we and CBP will continue to enhance our targeting and our detection capabilities, and in coordination with our partners, advance CBP's agricultural security efforts to protect our homeland, our natural resources, and protect the U.S. economy.    In closing, Chairmen Davis and Rouzer, Ranking Members DelBene and Costa, and distinguished Members of the Committee, I really thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I look forward to answering your questions.    Thank you, sir.    Mr. Harriger. Yes, sir.    Mr. Harriger. Please.    Mr. Harriger. Well, thank you, Congresswoman. So we use non-intrusive inspection also in our layered approach for things entering the United States, when the commodities and passengers are entering the United States. We have some very high-end x-ray technology that we are able to discern whether there are organics, for instance, and we need to take a look at it. So the computer and the technology in there actually assists us in validating that it is something we do want to look at, including biologics, diagnostics, reagents, and other things that may be controlled by Veterinary Services.    Prior to the arrival, we use, in our targeting arena, again looking at that layered approach, all the advanced information provided by the passengers, the airlines, and the vessels and the crew coming in, that they can look and discern what that risk is as well, looking at their prior history, looking at the country commodity matrix, whether or not there is a disease outbreak, for instance, in that part of the world. Factoring all these in to make the decision as to whether or not we want to take a look at that.    In the passenger environment, we seize a lot of commodities. We seized 1.6 million quarantined materials last year. That is one leg, one piece of beef jerky, or a dozen oranges would all count as one. That is in the passenger environment.    In the cargo environment, we don't concentrate so much on the quarantine materials as we do as conducting the exams on behalf of APHIS to find any plant pests, and ensure that it is free of those.    When we extract the pest to pass that over to APHIS, we do have some high-tech biological equipment, some microscopes and such, and we only take the identification of that pest so far, and then we pass that identification over to APHIS. Our job is to filter it down to see, yes, this is something we definitely want APHIS to look at, and then they have the specialty and the experts over there, the entomologists and plant pathologists, that will discern that, yes, this is Asian citrus psyllid or it is a fruit fly, or a pest of concern.    Mr. Harriger. I believe we have a vast array of resources, including when we are cutting into wood packaging material, our sawzall and all the mechanical parts, we piggyback on some of the assets that our enforcement side has to tear into cargo and stuff, without disrupting the flow of the trade there. But I believe we are doing quite well in that area. Thank you, ma'am.    Mr. Harriger. We are piggybacking on APHIS' interaction, plant protection and quarantine side with the plant protection, being the national plant protection organization with the National Plant Board. And there are four regional Plant Boards, and we were invited by APHIS around 2008 to start attending those regional meetings and the national meeting. That is probably one of the most keynote things is being able to get up there with Mr. Osama El-Lissy's staff and talk about what we are interdicting at the port of entries.    We created an Agricultural Quarantine Inspection Partnership Committee that Mr. Shea was instrumental in launching with our former Commissioner Basham back in around 2008 and 2009, which brought in the State Departments of Agriculture, their representative, two State Departments of Agriculture, the members from the State Plant Regulatory Official, as well as the veterinarians, to focus on what are the issues that the states have that CBP can bring to the table from an interdiction standpoint at the port of entry, webbing together also what APHIS has and provides in the regulatory arena.    Mr. Harriger. Yes, sir. So we take a layered approach in the similar way we do with a lot of our antiterrorism, from doing pre-arrival analysis before the commodity or the passengers even enter the United States, we can sift through and determine with pretty good certainty what types of product and what kinds of baggage is accompanying people we want to take a look at. And that is the first cut on it is the targeting approach.    When the commodities or people actually go through admissibility and come through into the passenger arena, we have our canines that are used almost exclusively in our international airports. One of our most effective tools. We have 118 teams across the United States; 88 of which are the beagles used solely in the air passenger environment. A little bit in the airmail facility. And then we have 30 teams that are the large breed that work in cargo, and also work on the borders, the northern and southern borders.    We train our agriculture specialists in a wide array of detection techniques and smuggling modalities. We piggyback, as I mentioned earlier, on what the CBP officer enforcement side and how they are trained in looking for types and kinds of commodities, secreting smuggled products into conveyances or cars or tires, or that sort of thing. The smuggling community is interested in bringing that commodity in, in the same manner they are with other things for nefarious duties. So with a combined approach from those three angles. Yes, sir.    Mr. Harriger. Yes, thank you, sir.    So we began an educational campaign. APHIS provides all of the training for all of our ag specialists and our CBP officers. So specifically for Asian citrus psyllid, we built a very robust training module that is easy to deliver, does not take a long time to get that information across, that covers epidemiology, the disease transmission, the nexus between the bug and the disease, everything that APHIS needs to provide our ag specialists, who are scientists and specialists, so that they understand, have a better concept of that risk. And then they take that information and associate that with the targeting and the incoming traffic, pouring through to see whether or not those individuals might have something of interest.    Further, in San Francisco, we were able to train our canine cadre out there to hit on curry leaves. Curry leaves from some source countries is a host plant for Asian citrus psyllid as well. So it really assists in expanding the battery of the canines' capabilities to use that as that extra detection device.    Mr. Harriger. Absolutely, Congressman. We look forward to working with you. Thank you.    Mr. Harriger. So every regulation that APHIS proposes through rulemaking comes over to our shop to take a chop on it, to discuss the ramifications, do an impact statement. So anything future down the road for legitimate trade, as Mr. Shea alluded to, we think we have a pretty good control on. We call that the known, and we know that that is coming, we anticipate that they will abide by the rule and regulation certification, et cetera, animal products and/or plant products. It is that unknown that we are more concerned about. It is the things that are mismanifested or they didn't quite characterize it as it was stated to be. That is where we think our targeting information is vital from the very, very get go, but that is fed by APHIS' Smuggling, Interdiction, and Trade Compliance, and their IES Group, their Investigative Enforcement Services, gives us key information on the back-end of things they have found already stateside, that we plug into our targeting layers so that we can try to pick that up and make a nexus to possibly some other conduits, and try to plug a hole in that and stop that from entering the United States.    Mr. Harriger. Absolutely, sir. So it begins at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center down in Glynco, Georgia, where APHIS has assets there that provide over 24 hours of training as part of their regimen on precisely those threats that confront them; what they need to know as CBP officers. They are a law enforcement component, they are armed, they deal more urgently, with the admissibility issue, but they have to keep in mind, and do keep in mind, those threats posed to us from the agricultural sector. So they are taught to refer to an ag specialist those issues that are of concern, other than the very simplistic ones on the Mexican border, for instance, citrus is prohibited, they can pick that up in a booth when there is no ag specialist. In those ports with no ag specialists, they are taught to seize that commodity. In every one of those locations, it is a very, very low volume, what we refer to as a low-end agricultural port, we do not put assets of ag specialists because of their expertise, and there are only 2,400 of them, we want them at the ports like JFK that present that highest risk that APHIS has presented to us, whether it is in pathway from passenger or in the trade environment. Those ports of entry with no ag specialists have no legitimate trade entering that has anything of agricultural concern.    So it is a combination of training that we get done at the academy, and then the follow-up training that we get from our agriculture specialists who are assigned those outlier ports, to be that point of contact for the port director and staff if they have any questions.