    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all for being here.    If I understand, the policy of the U.S. goes back all the way to the Carter administration, that, as you said, Mr. Doran--or is it Doran?    Mr. Poe. To, the U.S. is going to be the guarantor of stability in the Middle East region. Is that a fair statement of what you said?    Mr. Poe. And the Carter doctrine, as Mr. Rademaker talked about, was that the United States is committed to making sure that the Persian Gulf region is safe from outside influence, even using military force if necessary, something to that effect. As I see this whole situation, at the end of the day, the deal will be Iran will get nuclear weapons. They are also developing an intercontinental ballistic missiles, as we all know, to send nukes, not conventional weapons or bombs, in them.    At the end of the day, the deal will be that they will be able to export all of the oil that they have, oil revenue that is used, in my opinion, to fund their terrorist enterprises throughout the world since Iran is the number one terrorist sponsoring state in the world. What a deal this is. I mean, we are not dealing with nice people or honest people. The United States and the West is blissfully ignorant of who we are dealing with. We are dealing with a snake oil salesman, and he is going to be able to sell us the snake oil. And we are going to buy it and say we won because we got a deal.    The Ayatollah has said as recently as March, if I can find the quote, it is just three words, ``Death to America.'' Now, I don't think he is going to change his mind about being the Supreme Leader and about his policy that he wants us all to die: Death to America. This is a very, very serious crisis that is taking place worldwide. And I am not so sure that we are really dealing with this as we should be because, at the end of the day, they are going to get what they want.    And I am concerned, just like some of my friends on the other side have said, about what is going to happen next. Next year, the year after next.    I say all that to say maybe our policy should be different. Why isn't it our policy that we promote in Iran free elections, a regime change if that is the will of the people in Iran, to change who is running the show over there? Why isn't that part of our policy? We had the opportunity in 2009 to help the Iranians, but we did not. So is that discussed--you four guys are the experts--is that discussed anywhere by anybody in the administration or the West, let's have free elections and let the Iranian people decide who will be in charge? Anybody can answer that question.    Mr. Poe. Well, I agree with you. I think regime change is the answer, free elections. We should support a regime change with free elections and let the people of Iran make that decision.    And it will strengthen the Ayatollah and the mullahs who have an iron fist on the people, persecuting their own people, killing their own people; they are hanging throughout Tehran--almost daily--people that disagree with the government.    I hope we get there.    And I yield back because you are taking it back. I will yield back.