    Mr. Higgins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The accrual funding deals with trust funds. And we have a trust fund in retirement. And Department of Defense pays into that trust fund every year the cost of future retirements for people in the force.    We would propose that for health care that the non-Medicare eligible retiree be included in a trust fund. So we would begin at that point to pay for the non-Medicare eligible retiree health care out into the future.    And the DOD Actuary worked very, very closely with us on this. And the conclusion was that that normal cost percentage is what it is called, that contribution from discretionary dollars into the trust fund would be $4 billion savings that we would accrue to the Department of Defense in budget.    Mr. Higgins. Savings against current funding levels that are being expended directly to health care.    Mr. Higgins. One of the future force that you are paying for at that moment is going to be a smaller force. And I think that is one ingredient that causes those normal cost percentage payments to be lower, to give you an idea of what you just mentioned.    Mr. Higgins. There would be an element of the savings that would not appear at that point.    You would have savings that would be reaped by the Department of Defense because of increased premiums paid by the non-Medicare eligible retirees. Those savings, about 18 percent of the total savings would no longer be available.    Mr. Higgins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Regarding the issue of tradeoffs, what I would emphasize is that we believe our analysis. And we had what we think is very credible analysis by RAND Corporation.    And the tradeoff was simply designing a system that delivered the force profiles because that is what the Chiefs, the Joint Chiefs, insisted that we do. That was our target objective.    But modernization was what we found we really wanted to also achieve after we went out and talked to the force. They want choice. They want flexibility in their system. That is a new generation speaking to us. And we wanted to deliver on that requirement.    But we wanted to hit those force profiles. And that is how--that was the tradeoff. That is what led us to the Thrift Savings Plan, which is a little richer benefit than you will find in the government civilian FERS system; it is--if they get 1 percent mandatory. And then if they contribute 5 percent, that is a total of 6 percent, which in the FERS system would be only limited to 5 percent over the long run.    But there is that Thrift Savings Plan. And that is how we deliver a benefit to those individuals that were not going to receive anything under current 20-year cliff vesting.    Mr. Higgins. Right.    Mr. Higgins. Exactly.    Mr. Higgins. Yes.    Mr. Higgins. Sir, the vesting at 2 years is actually the defined contribution, okay. The defined benefit remains a 20-year vesting requirement. They have to serve 20 years to get to the defined benefit, which is slightly reduced.    We retain 80 percent of the cliff vesting. But we do reduce that multiplier to 2 percent, which yields a 40 percent of base pay at 20 years of service. And it is immediately drawn.    Mr. Higgins. It was certainly an area we discussed. Now, our recommendation----    Mr. Higgins . Does include a flexibility where the Secretary of Defense could come in and offer a solution like the one you are talking about, and maybe see a change to the system for a select group of an individual MOS, military occupation, specialty or skill or segment of the population.    So there is some flexibility in our system, which is important because that is derived by the services. I am not sure I answered your specific----    Mr. Higgins. Right.    Mr. Higgins. Right.    Mr. Higgins. Yes.    Mr. Higgins. The defined benefit is.    Mr. Higgins. It is 20 percent less, you could say.    Mr. Higgins. The Thrift Savings Plan----    Mr. Higgins . For new entrants----    Mr. Higgins . Would be an automatic enrollment at a 3 percent contribution.    Mr. Higgins. No, not initially. The 3 percent--any matching government contributions don't start until the first day of the third year. So immediately after they serve 3 years----    Mr. Higgins. Right. They are enrolled automatically. They can pull out and it is not an arduous process to pull out. But our analysis would indicate that a very high percentage, 97 percent, would not bother to remove themselves from the program. So we are really encouraging thoughtfulness about saving and finances.    Mr. Higgins. The Thrift Savings Plan is the same Thrift Savings Plan available to you. All those choices are there.    Mr. Higgins. They can sign up today. And they do. The participation rate in the Thrift Savings Plan among Active Duty people is roughly 42 percent. What they would not and do not get today----    Mr. Higgins . Is the match.    Mr. Higgins. The match would not start until they completed their 2 years of service. The first day of the third year is when the match----    Mr. Higgins. They are already serving. They are automatically enrolled and a 3 percent deduction from their pay and a 1 percent mandatory government contribution.    Mr. Higgins. This is--I am sorry. Are you talking about currently serving people?    Mr. Higgins. If they opt in?    Mr. Higgins. The answer would be yes, then. I was referring to new entry----    Mr. Higgins. Yes.    Mr. Higgins. That is correct.    Mr. Higgins. Assuming they have been in 2 years, right.    Mr. Higgins. Right.    General Chiarelli. They can stay under the current program if they so desire.    Mr. Higgins. Yes.    Mr. Higgins. New accessions.    Mr. Higgins. Correct.    Mr. Higgins. Correct. Or those that opt in that are currently serving.    General Chiarelli. And quite frankly we expect that number to be fairly high, particularly if you haven't served for that long.    Mr. Higgins. Right.    Mr. Higgins. Unless they want it to.    Mr. Higgins. Right.    Mr. Higgins. That is correct.    Mr. Higgins. And other elements of our proposal, which is continuation pay would be paid. The option to go over the lump sum on retirement.    Mr. Higgins. Yes.    Mr. Higgins. Well, we hope that after the third financial awareness session that we also call for that new wisdom will appear in that individual's mind and they will understand the importance of participation and change their course. I mean, we believe that the financial planning education is very critical here.    Mr. Higgins. Correct.    Mr. Higgins. That is correct.    Mr. Higgins. Certainly we would hope that after receiving continuation pay they would invest that amount of money. In some cases it is not an insignificant amount of money. I mean it does vary by service. And----    Mr. Higgins. Amounts? Officer could go to $120,000. Enlisted member could be in the neighborhood of $20,000 if I am not mistaken. Depending on assumptions of what grade that it is offered.    And that will vary by service because there are different multipliers used in terms of the number of months of pay would be included. And that varies by service because the analysts looked at that fine tuning.    We would hope they are invested, yes. And to some degree they are going to be able to put it in the Thrift Savings Plan because many of these individuals are going to have room left in the contribution rate that the government allows in the Thrift Savings Plans so they can take some part of that continuation pay and put it in Thrift Savings.    Maybe not this year, but maybe next year as well and the year after that. So I mean that is our hope.    Mr. Higgins. It does not. I think in the long run, you know, there--if, let's say for argument's sake, there is no investment of continuation pay, then obviously it will lay stream assets available to that information is, that service member is reduced.    We still believe that our benefits, again widely variable based on assumptions, we still believe that our program will produce better lay stream assets, or certainly as good as they have today.    General Chiarelli. I think it is fair to say, though, that we did not assume they would invest it in TSP when calculating our charts. Our charts are based on the fact that they would get an amount of money based on the service's needs both in rank and military occupation specialty. It would vary.    And that money, at least in the charts that we have showed you, for what this is worth at 20 years, are under the assumption they do not invest it. If they invest it in the TSP, it would only go up, I believe, how we calculate it.    Mr. Buyer. We do the same things you guys do.    Mr. Higgins. We are known as a paternalistic military force. We have very great interest in protecting the interest of our young service members. And I think it would be fair to say that we saw some of those feelings come forward in the survey.    And these are generally from people, more experienced people. People who had been in the force a lot longer. People that may not share some of the desire for choice of flexibility that is part of the mantra of a new generation that we want to recruit and retain. There was some of that clearly.    But it would be also fair to say, I think, that what people saw in the survey was very close to our final recommendation because we had pretty good ideas about the solutions that we felt were viable and had importance.    And the survey reflected that. And that is why you saw us speaking with such confidence that we could offer them the option to see, be visible and to make judgments on.