    Mr. Burgess. The subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade will now come to order. The chair will recognize himself for 5 minutes for the purpose of an opening statement.    And I do want to welcome everyone to our hearing this morning on the draft companion legislation to the Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act, and the discussion draft of the Improving Recall Tracking Act.    In 2014, there were over 63 million vehicles recalled in the United States due to safety concerns. This represents the highest number of vehicle recalls in more than three decades.    Under current law, vehicle manufacturers are required to report defects and noncompliance to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. The chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton, has seen to it with the good work he did on the TREAD Act, but there have been times when the reporting has been slow.    The Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act is intended to foster greater attention and greater responsiveness to vehicle safety defects. It does so by providing an incentive to automotive employees and to contractors who report potential safety violations to the United States Department of Transportation that otherwise would be concealed or unreported. The bill encourages employees to report safety problems within their companies first to allow the automaker the opportunity to address safety issues. This is an important point because it keeps the incentive to work within the system. The bill is meant to enhance current early reporting systems that have already been instituted by Congress. Furthermore, the bill is designed with the express purpose of exposing and stopping instances of wrongdoing and protecting the safe and well-being of the public.    In addition to the Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act, we have an opportunity to examine the discussion draft of the Improving Recall Tracking Act. This proposal would direct the Department of Transportation to establish a national database of vehicle identification numbers and driver registration information. It is intended to facilitate the consumer notification process in the event of a safety recall.    In light of recent recalls, it has become apparent that one of the main challenges of removing defective vehicles from the road is making certain that the right consumers are notified of the defect in a timely manner. This hearing will give us an opportunity to discuss how a national database housing current driver registration information and current vehicle identification numbers could help improve the consumer recall notification process beyond that which is in place today. We will also hear how the industry is currently responding to these challenges so we can factor in improvements of the system.    Vehicle safety is a serious issue. It continues to be a concern for this subcommittee and for the driving public. In past hearings on this subject, I have said that Americans deserve better, Americans deserve more. The legislative proposals we will consider today are a step in the right direction toward providing the driving public with confidence that the vehicles they are driving are safe and that the recall process works. I will, in anticipation, thank the witnesses for their testimonies. And I look forward to an engaging discussion on these measures.    With that, the chair yields back and recognizes the subcommittee ranking member, Ms. Schakowsky, for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back.    Does anyone on the Republican side seek time for an opening statement? Seeing none. Any further members on the Democratic side that seek time for an opening statement? Seeing none.    Again, we want to thank our witnesses for being here today and for being willing to take time to give testimony before the subcommittee. Our witness panel for today's hearing includes: Mr. John Bozzella, the President and CEO for the Alliance of Global Automakers; Mr. Joe LaFeir, Senior Vice President at IHS Automotive; Mr. Cleveland Lawrence, III, the Co-Director of Taxpayers Against Fraud; Mr. William Wallace, the Policy Analyst at the Consumers Union; Mr. Shane Karr, Vice President for Federal Affairs at the Alliance of Automotive Manufacturers.    We do appreciate all of you being here today. We will begin the panel with Mr. Bozzella. He will be recognized for 5 minutes to summarize his testimony. Mr. Bozzella, you are recognized for 5 minutes. Thank you.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Burgess. Mr. LaFeir, you are recognized for 5 minutes to summarize your testimony please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Burgess. The chair recognizes Mr. Lawrence for 5 minutes for a summary of your testimony please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Burgess. Mr. Wallace, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your testimony. Thank you.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Burgess. Mr. Karr, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your testimony please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Burgess. It occurs to the chair that I omitted to announce to the subcommittee that members, pursuant to committee rules, all members' opening statements will be made part of the record.    And then I do want to thank all of you for your testimony this morning and sharing your observations with us. We will move into the question portion of the hearing. I will start by recognizing myself for 5 minutes.    And, Mr. Karr, let me come back to you. You mentioned in your testimony that the Auto Alliance, joined by the Global Automakers and the National Automobile Dealers Association, announced that it was conducting the study on what motivates consumers to have their recalled vehicles remedied and you mentioned that you were going to be having a briefing in the near future.    Can you pull back the curtain just a little bit and share with the subcommittee this morning some of the insights you may have gained as to what motives a consumer to have a defect remedied?    Mr. Burgess. Let me ask you a question about that if you are at liberty to answer it. So they had already been contacted. Had they done the follow through to actually schedule an appointment or had their vehicle defect remedied at that point?    Mr. Burgess. Well, this is, of course, with other hearings into the air bag issues, one of the things that has really concerned the subcommittee; how to get the word out to people to get their vehicles repaired, and the very dangerous situation that may exist in some vehicles.    Apparently the older the vehicle, the greater the risk. And the real problem of once you are on the third or fourth owner of a vehicle, it becomes very difficult to track them down. And then, as you point out, the compliance rate may be lower. You would think with a severe safety defect, something that could blow up in your face, your family's face, you would want it fixed, and it is a little concerning that we haven't been able to do better with that.    I am going to assume, and correct me if I am wrong, that the manufacturers themselves, we can legislate all we want up here, but is there any place for the manufacturer placing an incentive out there before the consumer public, hey, we would like to see your vehicle in here and we will make it worth your while to do so, half price on an oil change or vacuum the floor mats. Are there incentive programs that are being looked at?    Mr. Burgess. Well, we anxiously look forward to those briefings and perhaps have an opportunity to have you back and discuss those. You mentioned in your testimony, the manufacturers are committed to keeping their products safe. And you believe that, right?    Mr. Burgess. And, Mr. Bozzella, I spent my productive years in the healthcare industry, and we talked about something in the healthcare industry called continuous quality improvement. You all do that in the manufacturing process. Is that just a matter of course?    Mr. Burgess. And it just seems like it would fit in a culture of continuous quality improvement that if someone sees something that is not right, you would want them to bring it forward. I can't imagine a culture where an employee would say this is going to be a real problem. If I just hang onto this for a while, it might be a very valuable lawsuit for me in the future. Nobody wants that kind of environment, do they?    Mr. Burgess. Great. Thank you. My time has expired. The chair will recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. Schakowsky, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back. The chair thanks the gentlelady. The chair recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman. The chair would note to the gentleman that his concerns are not--they are actually shared by both sides of the dais on the subcommittee as to where the appropriateness of this investigation is. And it is a work in progress. So watch this space. Mr. Butterfield, you are recognized for 5 minutes for questions please.    Mr. Burgess. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Burgess. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman. The chair does want to thank the panel for being here this morning and for your time and the expert testimony that you have provided to us.    Seeing no further members wishing to ask questions, I would like to take a moment to recognize the contribution of our clerk, Kirby Howard, who after many years of service to the subcommittee on the staff is leaving for new career opportunities. And we obviously wish him well in his future endeavors.    And also before we conclude, I wanted to include the following document to be submitted for the record by unanimous consent, that will be easy, a letter on improving the Recall Tracking Act submitted by Experian. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Burgess. Pursuant to committee rules, I remind members they have 10 business days to submit additional questions for the record. I ask the witnesses to submit their responses to these questions within 10 business days upon receipt of the question.    And, without objection, further proceedings of this subcommittee are adjourned.