    Dr. Lunine. Thank you, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to present my views on the search for life beyond Earth. These views are my own and they come from 30 years of working in the field of planetary science at various institutions in the United States and abroad.    One of the most important outcomes of the last two decades of solar system exploration is the identification of four bodies in our solar system that appear capable of harboring life. These bodies possess a particular set of characteristics that make them the best leads in the search for life beyond the Earth. And if I could have the first slide, the first of these bodies is Mars.    In its first billion years, Mars had abundant liquid water, stabilized and protected by a much denser atmosphere than the tenuous shell we see today. During this time, life might have begun, survived for a while on the surface, and then was extinguished or retreated underground as the atmosphere was lost. If I could have the second slide----    The second of these objects is Jupiter's moon Europa. It's a body the size of our own moon. It has a very large saltwater ocean, twice the water that we have in our own ocean. This ocean is in contact with a rocky core and abundant sources of energy. As yet, we don't know whether organic molecules exist inside of this ocean, but we strongly suspect that they are there. Equally important, we don't know how far beneath Europa's surface the ocean lies. Knowing that will allow a strategy to be formulated for searching for life there.    Finally, next slide, Enceladus has surprised us. This small Saturnian moon has a large plume of material emanating from a series of fractures in its south polar region. Make a list of requirements for terrestrial-type life--liquid water, organics, minerals, energy, chemical gradients--and Cassini has found evidence for all of them in the plum of Enceladus.    So how do we actually find the signs of life in these bodies? The evidence will not be entire living organisms. Much more likely is that we will detect signatures that indicate that life is at work or was at work in these environments. In contrast to nonbiological processes, biology is built from a very limited, selected set of molecules, and so if we can recognize patterns in the makeup of organic molecules and their isotopes, we then have strong evidence of biology at work.    At Mars, finding sources of methane and measuring their isotopes is one way to get at this question. Another is to seek well-preserved organic materials in the soil to see if they record the signatures of biology. And the Mars 2020 Rover will do the heavy lifting here.    For Europa, the Europa mission now in development will provide the essential information needed to decide, among other things, whether organics and water are welling up through the cracks on the surface and whether plumes exist and can be measured. Doing this mission, doing it now is absolutely crucial to any general strategy for the search for life.    For Titan, the search to target one of the great methane/ethane seas by dropping a capsule capable of floating across the surface. We don't know what kind of biochemistry we're looking for here and so a generalized search for patterns and molecular structures and abundances that indicate deviation from abiotic chemistry is appropriate.    And finally, Enceladus provides us with the most straightforward way to look for life. Merely flying through the plume of Enceladus, as Cassini has done multiple times, with modern instrumentation intended to detect the signatures of life, is sufficient to do the search.    The long flight times in the outer solar system in particular dictate the planning for missions to Enceladus, Europa, and Titan must begin now and must be pursued with vigor if they're to happen in the next two decades. It is remarkable that we have found four destinations in our own solar system where life may actually exist or have existed for quite some time in the past and now is the time to actually go search for the life.    Thank you.    Dr. Lunine. Well, that was actually in order moving outward from the Sun----    Dr. Lunine. --so there was no implied--or, you know, the question is whether in any environment that can support life does life actually begin, does it form? And I don't know the answer to that and no one else does----    Dr. Lunine. --and that's why in my view we need to look at all of these bodies where there is very strong evidence, compelling evidence of what's called a habitable environment, an environment where life could actually be sustained. So----    Dr. Lunine. Yes. There's a lot of ground work that has to be done on Europa. We don't know if there are organic molecules.    Dr. Lunine. The Europa mission will tell us whether there are fresh organics in the cracks.    Dr. Lunine. If there are, that would be the place to go.    Dr. Lunine. Well, the NASA Advisory Committee did actually have a session at one of their meetings on the subject of our report, and one of our committee members, Mary Lynne Dittmar, was there and had a dialogue with the committee and also folks from NASA, including Bill Gerstenmaier. So I think there's some dialogue and thinking going on. I look forward to having more dialogue with NASA on the report. I think it's still very fresh and has a lot to contribute to the question of how and when humans will move beyond low-Earth orbit, and so I look forward to that dialogue.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Good. In your view, what if any of the issues does this Committee and the Congress need to address?    Dr. Lunine. In the context of that report?    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Yes.    Dr. Lunine. Well, you know, to quote from that report, we were concerned about the question of flight rates in the near term and the question of how the destinations or pathways might be chosen, and I still think those are the key operative elements in the recommendations from our report.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thirty years from now, elementary school children will be leading the scientific exploration of the solar system and beyond. Our knowledge of other bodies near and far will have changed. Humans may have visited Mars and even the two of us here in this Committee won't be around. But life beyond Earth may have been detected by then. So I would like to ask all the panel members, as we think about where we are today and where we might be 30 years from now, is there anything that Congress should be considering to ensure that today's schoolchildren are well-equipped to lead a new era that can include knowledge of life beyond Earth?    Dr. Lunine. This nation has done some incredible things in exploring the solar system. One example that excites school kids is the Cassini spacecraft can actually probe the large methane seas of Titan and determine their depths and their composition by sending radio signals through those seas as it flies by Titan. And so we're actually doing ocean exploration a billion miles away from the Earth, and that's only one example. School kids are fascinated by that. They want to be a part of it. And in order for them to be a part of it, we have to have continuity in exploration. We have to continue these wonderful missions so that there isn't effectively a generation-long gap in these discoveries.    Dr. Lunine. Well, I'll take one crack at this. And I don't want to prioritize these, but one in my area is to develop miniaturized instrumentation that can detect the chemical signs of life and also detect biological activity. The smaller the instruments, the easier it's going to be to send them to the planets.    Dr. Lunine. Well, it's a different question but it's a related question. We really have no laboratory model for how life began on the Earth. No one has done this in the laboratory. And so one of the reasons for going out to environments in our solar system where the conditions for life are apparently there and possible is to see whether life actually began, essentially to do the experiment in the field instead of in the laboratory. And the critical things we need for that are devices to analyze abundances of amino acids, fatty acids, to look for patterns in other molecules that might be part of an exotic biochemistry, for example, on Titan.    Part of the problem is that it's not entirely clear what we want to look for in some environments. In other environments like Mars, Europa, Enceladus it's very clear what we want to look for. So chemical analysis is critical and the ability to get out to these planets and sample planets and moons and sample them is also critical.    Dr. Lunine. I think that panspermia has occurred certainly between the Earth and Mars. We know that materials are exchanged between those two planets. We have the Allan Hills meteorite. And there are some good studies that have been done that show that amino acids will survive the trip to the Earth through the atmosphere on an asteroid and possibly bacteria as well, so there may well have been extensive exchange of life and biological materials between the Earth and Mars, particularly in the early history of the solar system when impacts were more frequent.    Dr. Lunine. Yes. Actually, methane is a very simple organic molecule, and so it occurs in many environments, in interstellar clouds, in--they're in comets. It's measured there. And so these are evidently sources of methane that are not from biology. It's simple to make in the laboratory, for example, and carbon is very abundant, as you alluded to, as one of the products of stellar nucleosynthesis.    So we think that Titan is--has an enormous inventory of methane that is not biological, that was produced by abiotic sources. And the ethane that is also part of that system was produced from the methane, and that's something that Cassini has confirmed for us by measuring the places in the atmosphere where the ethane is produced from the methane by ultraviolet chemistry. So Titan is a huge repository of abiotic methane.    Now, from those and other organic molecules, does some form of life occur on the surface or arise in the seas of Titan? That's the part we don't know.    Dr. Lunine. Yeah, that's okay. I think it was my slide. So----    Dr. Lunine. --in the case of Enceladus, those fissures at the south pole have jets of gas and ice emanating from them, and those jets merged to make this a very large plume that was discovered by Cassini. We did not know of the existence of this plume until the Cassini mission. And once the plume was discovered, Cassini was directed to actually fly through the plume multiple times and sample the material in the plume with its instruments. One of the important lessons that we get from this is that these flagship missions with large numbers of instruments are able to respond very flexibly to new discoveries. The instruments actually tasted the material in the plume or designed it to sample the atmosphere of Titan, but once the plume was discovered, Cassini could actually use those same instruments to tell us what the plume is made of.    Dr. Lunine. Life is a self-replicating system that undergoes evolution or mutation and which also seeks to minimize its local entropy, maximize its order in the sense that chemically we use a very small fraction of the possible compounds that can be produced from carbon, and the fact that we're alive is because we can take in large amounts of nutrients, process them to make this very small, specific set of molecules that build our structure, control energy in and out, control the information needed to build these other molecules, and then we expel the rest. So for me as--with my physics background, it's a very high order, very low entropy in a chemical system.    Dr. Lunine. So I would go with the Europa mission, and the reason for that is we have so much tantalizing evidence that Europa is a habitable environment but there are missing pieces, including whether there are organics and where to actually go search for life. And I personally--and I think we have been waiting since 1998 for a mission to follow up on the Galileo orbiter Discovery of the ocean under Europa. And so from my point of view I think it's a critical mission to do and I would make that my number one right now.    Dr. Lunine. The Moon contains the geologic record of the first 2 billion years of the history of the Earth, and that record has been more or less lost on the Earth because the Earth has been so active. And so that is for me the critical aspect of the scientific value of the Moon. That's the time when life began on Earth, and to understand what was happening geologically, we can do no better than turn to the Moon.    Dr. Lunine. This might be a philosophical answer so I apologize for violating the ground rule, but, you know, for the last 500 years we've lived in a kind of a Copernican worldview where the Earth was not the center of the universe or even the solar system; it's a planet in the solar system. The Sun is not at the center of the galaxy; it's just a common star in the galaxy. The galaxy is one of hundreds of billions of galaxies in the cosmos, and yet we are singular. I mean life and intelligent life and ourselves at the moment we know of no other form of life, intelligent life, and the Copernican worldview would say they're all over the place. And it's crucial to test that because if that turns out not to be the case, that's going to shatter our worldview.    Dr. Lunine. Mr. Chairman, am I allowed to answer by saying I honestly don't know?    Dr. Lunine. Well, just very briefly, if I talk about the possibility of looking for exotic biochemistries on Titan, I'd better not say that life is impossible in the perchlorate solutions on Mars, which would be a lot easier to imagine the biochemistries. So, yes, terrestrial life as we know it, bacteria, et cetera, would all be sterilized by that solution. But is there a form of life that has evolved to live in that solution? That would be very interesting but not impossible.    Dr. Lunine. Sure. I'd be happy to. I assume you're talking about in our solar system?    Dr. Lunine. So there's been quite a lot of work done of course to understand how frequently material has been exchanged between the Earth and Mars, as I alluded to, but also for Europa, is it possible to get material from Europa to the Earth and vice versa? And then Enceladus and Titan. And the answer is that the farther out you go, the less likely it is. So the most recent studies that have been done, which are all computer models, say that the chance of cross contamination between the Saturn system and the Earth is very, very small, and the chance of contamination between Europa and the Earth is a little bit higher but still relatively small.    So one of the advantages of going to the outer solar system, in addition to exploring Mars, is that we may be going to habitable environments which have not been contaminated by either the Earth or Mars, and so if we find life there or the signs of life, we have somewhat higher assurance that that life had an independent origin of life on Earth, which of course is one of the important questions. Could life have begun more than once in our own solar system? And that's one of the attractions of going to the outer solar system.    Dr. Lunine. So the 2007 report came out very strongly in favor, as you noted, of looking in environments that had the general conditions for habitability: energy, liquid, organic molecules, and that if in fact those environments were found not to have a form of life, that that would tell us that there's something indeed very special about liquid water. And so that was I think one of the recommendations, as I recall, of that report.    The challenge of course is how to look for biochemistry in a methane/ethane liquid. What do we actually look for? There's no guideline that terrestrial biology gives us except for the guideline that life will be very selective in the chemical compound that it uses for catalysts, for building structures, and so on. And so therefore, if we go back to Titan, for example, with a boat or a submarine or whatever to explore these seas, if we find that the organic molecules in the seas are just like what's in the atmosphere, you know, basically everything, that's not going to be very promising in terms of life. But if there's a suite of particular molecules and structures that are made over and over again, then that might suggest that if not life itself, at least a chemical evolution toward life is happening in those seas. Beyond that, it's hard to say very much because we have our one example of life on the Earth.    Now, just very briefly, in places like Enceladus and Europa, which have very Earth-like environments, we would expect that many of the basic molecules that terrestrial life uses like amino acids, which are abundant in the cosmos, that we would see that in life in those environments.