    Mrs. Roby. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for being here. I do want to echo the sentiment of my colleague, that we appreciate the time that you have taken to meet with us prior to today's hearing.    But I think a couple of the points that were discussed are worth mentioning again for the benefit of those that are in this hearing room today, and for the American people, and for my constituents in Alabama, too, who have suffered. These veterans have suffered horribly at the hands of bad actors.    Mr. Chairman, Central Alabama V.A. Health System is one of the worst in the country. We had one of the first directors actually removed under the new law that we passed because his behavior and the decisions that he made and the culture he created was so disastrous and horrible, that he was actually removed.    And you of course know all of this. And you are keenly aware of the situation. I appreciate Sloan Gibson, Deputy Secretary, for his presence in Alabama consistently working with my staff to provide us updates.    As I told you, Mr. Secretary, last evening, that I am looking forward to the day when I can stand with you behind the podium and celebrate the successes of the V.A. But we are not there, and you know that.    And there is still a real distrust, because the numbers that we were presented as it relates to access to care, were so false and wrong. So we will continue to work with you on that.    I do think, as you mentioned, that you are dealing with a huge bureaucracy, and feeling your way through it, that there are some real solid ideas here that you have heard from the chairman and others throughout this as it relates to access to care. And we know the V.A. does a lot more than just that. But for right now, we have a lot of sick veterans that need access to care.    And for me, in light of what took place in Southeast Alabama, I really want the focus to be down there on how do we get more veterans access to good-quality care in a timely fashion, and both with Choice--the Choice cards and with PC3, Patient-Centered Community Care, which is a huge priority to me. We have wonderful private medical facilities in Southeast Alabama, where these veterans could access care immediately, rather than having to go to Atlanta, or some other facility.    So I want to continue to be helpful in any way that I can, to push these programs, that this committee could be helpful in ensuring that we allow veterans to have access to outside providers. And then we have all these aging facilities that need repair how do we figure out a way to find the cost savings in bricks and mortars, and use that money for our veterans to access care?    So I know these are all priorities of yours, because I have heard you say that. The one thing that I did want you to elaborate on is the authority to reallocate the Choice funding, as you have stated, that you have been mischaracterized on what your ideas are.    One thing I am concerned about is that Congress gave the VA $15 billion for Choice. And you were saying that there is uncertainty right now in knowing how much access veterans and how many veterans will utilize the Choice program.    So if we could just talk about that in a little bit more detail, because I really think that this is a huge part of the solution to getting towards this hybrid system that would allow our veterans to have good-quality health care.    Mrs. Roby. Sure, I appreciate that. Mr. Chairman, one quick thing about the 40-mile rule. I am concerned that the definition is not clear about the distance driving, or as the crow flies. What do we need to do to modify language so that we ensure that it truly is for those that are 40 miles away.    Mrs. Roby. Okay, great. Thank you. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Roby. Thank you for being here today. Certainly timely.    I brought a visual aid--the front page of the Montgomery Advertiser--telling the story two individuals who were whistleblowers at the Central Alabama V.A.    These two individuals couldn't take it anymore. They had to come forward. We protected their identities.    If it weren't for these two individuals, we would not know even a fraction of what we know of the gross malfeasance that has been taking place at Central Alabama V.A.    For those of you in the room that aren't familiar, everything from thousands of unread x-rays to a V.A. employee taking a veteran to a crack house. My office would not have been able to expose this culture and what is happening to our veterans in Alabama but for these courageous individuals who have stepped forward knowing that--in that particular environment--retaliation is a very real thing. Because of their frustration they finally exposed themselves because of what has been happening to our veterans.    There was a second report today--news report today that demonstrates that this is happening all over the country with V.A. employees who consider themselves whistleblowers, that they, too, are being retaliated against. There are 120 active investigations into allegations of retaliation at the V.A., and so I would want you, as you are here to defend your budget request, to--this is my opportunity to hold you accountable as to what you are doing as it relates to these very problematic and disturbing instances where at the end of the day the people who are suffering the most are our veterans.    And if we can't get it right by them in this country, I am not really sure what we can get right. So I would just ask you today to address this--why this is happening and why these individuals are not being protected properly.    Mrs. Roby. Can I interrupt you for a second? It would be great if we could package it up that nicely.    Mrs. Roby. But the way that this happened is the director at CAVHCS lied to me and then I went seeking information. And these two courageous individuals told me the truth, and now they have been subject to an investigation for telling their member of Congress the truth.    So it wasn't like they came forward and said, ``I would like to sit down and talk to somebody about what is going on at Central Alabama.'' They read a news article where the director there lied to me and couldn't sit back and just take it.    And so I hear what you are saying. It would be great if it was that simple, but it is not.    Mrs. Roby. I am making my chairman nervous because the red light is flashing and the time has run out on our votes, but I just want a real commitment from you guys that you are committed to ensuring that these individuals, not just at Central Alabama but all over the country, that we take this very seriously and do all that we can through your office and others to ensure that this is not being covered up, that these individuals are recognized for their courage.    Mrs. Roby. Yes, he is.    Thank you.    Sorry, Mr. Chairman.