    Mr. Nolan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank Chairman Gibbs and Ranking Member Napolitano for holding this hearing and thank the witnesses for being here.    I first of all want to commend you all for the work that you are doing and the importance of it. With no pun intended, I do have a couple of areas of concern myself that are unrelated to pollution at the Great Lakes. One of them is what appears to be a rather abrupt shift in programming and in funding, and I will start with you, Mr. Korleski.    You talked about the significance of the unprecedented coordination, and I applaud you for that; the unprecedented results, and I applaud you for that; and you used that word ``unprecedented coordination'' a number of times, and I applaud you for that.    My two concerns with regard to the shift in programming and funding relate--forgive me for being parochial--but to the Duluth area. We are proud to have eliminated our first area of concern on the St. Louis River there, but based on the first 5 years of funding where we had received $4.5 million, there has been a dramatic reduction of almost three-fourths, down to $1.2 million, and based on the first 5 years of work, it had been expected that we would have eliminated all of our areas of concern by 2019, which of course will not happen at this point in time, and that is an area of concern for me, and I would like you to address that.    And then secondly, we have heard from Minnesota Pollution Control Agency and from the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources, and they, like you, were celebrating the unprecedented coordination and collaboration in what I believe they referred to as ``flexible dollars.''    And now I see that funding for staffing will be restricted to project specific, and there is a concern that I have and others have that that will reduce the ability for that kind of collaboration and cooperation between State and county and local on a broader basis.    So if you could address both of those concerns, it would be much appreciated.    Mr. Nolan. Staffing for project specific, yes.    Mr. Nolan. Well, and I appreciate that, but you know, having staffing for a greater coordination and collaboration, you know, as you were celebrating and I celebrate, it gives the regional groups a greater capacity to adjust as well, depending on, you know, what the county/State priorities are and what they might want to fund, and so I appreciate your trying to take a look at a bigger picture.    But if the city or the State or the county wants to do something differently, but significant, you know, with that coordination, that collaboration, that is how you know about that, and that is how you can adjust to it and make the things happen.    Well, I am about out of time here, but thank you very much for all the great work that you do. This is really important, and I lament the fact, Mr. Chairman, that we celebrate and, you know, we might be able to come up with $300 million, you know, when it is darn near $200 million short of what we are used to.    So, you know, I think we should look at trying to find some ways to authorize a greater expenditure here for this important project.    Lastly, Mr. Kramer, and just a quick answer, you talked about if we did away with all of the agricultural pollution we would reduce it like 40 percent, and you alerted to the other sources.    Do you have any statistics on exactly how much comes from municipal and industry and other?    And if you do, could you share those with us?    Mr. Nolan. Well, if you come across any of that, take a look, would you please, and let us know?    Mr. Nolan. And maybe we could have our staff look at that, too, and that would be helpful to us in understanding the scope of this problem.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.