    Mr. STANEK. Good morning, Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and Committee members. Thank you for the opportunity to testify before you on this timely and important topic.    Hunt Imaging is a manufacturer of dry and liquid electrostatic toners and developers used primarily in high speed computer printers. I am proud to be representing not only Hunt Imaging but also the National Small Business Association and its international arm, the Small Business Exporters' Association.    Hunt was a spinoff from a Fortune 200 company 19 years ago and has operated as an independent company since. In addition to our headquarters in Berea, Ohio, we currently operate a branch in Belgium but are in the process of closing that facility due to a sustained downturn in European sales. As a company whose history emanates from a multinational organization, we were fortunate to have had a strong background in exporting, a background the vast majority of our small business brethren do not share.    Even with our prior experience, however, we have learned that the opportunities to expand our international presence have declined since we became a standalone entity. Finding effective distribution partners is an essential component of small business entry into the export arena. In general, small businesses are challenged in having limited resources upon which to draw when entering international markets, and frankly, quite often have a fear factor in attempting to take that step.    Possibly the biggest challenge for a small business, and certainly ours, is finding international opportunities to pursue. When we were part of a large corporation, we had a worldwide network of colleagues who could not only pinpoint opportunities for us, but also pursue them on our behalf. As a small, private organization, we are challenged to uncover potential sales opportunities and have struggled with identifying domestic resources to assist in that process.    One suggestion to help small businesses in participating in the 95 percent of the worldwide purchasing market that exists outside the U.S. is to offer a one stop shop. Ideally, within the Department of Commerce, and more specifically within the International Trade Administration, they would have a centralized staff dedicated to assisting small businesses in all aspects of exporting. A beginning to end focus for each company could tremendously ease the complications that seem to be inherent in this process.    Free trade agreements are likewise extremely important as they lower foreign barriers and produce a more level playing field. Lowering the hassle factor of exporting greatly increases the attractiveness to small companies. Given the importance of small business to both the European and Asia-Pacific economies, it is vital that the TTIP and TPP negotiations address the specific needs of small business and all aspects of their agreements, and we support the passage of TPA to allow this to happen.    If we desire American small business to export more, it is also important to reduce variable costs like tariffs. Many companies impose tariffs on U.S. exports that are substantially more than our own, and a web of nontariff barriers overseas often shuts out U.S. goods and services. These nontariff barriers can include items such as foreign patent and trademark costs, paperwork requirements, and performance bonds and licenses.    Interpreting and comprehending regulations has also proven to be a challenge that exhausts a small firm's resources and drains our wallets when we have to turn to outside professionals. NSBA supports the creation of a centralized website that is monitored and collects up-to-date information on regulations and policies for the most commonly traded goods and services.    Having a strong commitment to intellectual property rights is vital to protect our innovative products and service. The creation of simplified methods for filing and renewing trademarks and copyrights will provide more timely enforcement of these rights, which are the result of the innovations of our small businesses.    On a broader scale, we also need to get more community banks into export finance and educate them on available government lending programs so they can better advise their small business customers who are considering exporting. The U.S. financial sector seems to be less engaged in World Trade than are the financial sectors in Europe.    While there is no doubt that some of America's biggest companies can continue to increase their exports, the largest untapped resource for American exports is small and medium-sized companies. Just over 1 percent of these businesses currently export, and many believe it is too burdensome or risky or just do not know where to start. Federal agencies can play an important role in helping to reduce exporting barriers for small businesses and help these entrepreneurs tap into new markets and grow.    Thank you for hearing my testimony, and I look forward to responding to any questions you may have.    Mr. STANEK. Thank you, sir. It is not an issue that we have come up against directly, so I do not necessarily have a direct opinion on that.    Mr. STANEK. Yes, sir. We believe very strongly that the intellectual property rights need to be protected in the trade agreements. Our small business members have enough challenges sometimes protecting their intellectual property domestically. They do not need to have the same types of issues on an international basis.    Mr. STANEK. We support not only reauthorization but an increase to a 25 percent threshold.    These are my personal views only. I do support Ex-Im reauthorization, but there are some troubling things that have happened at Ex-Im and those need to be looked at as well. China has recently formed an Asia Development Bank, so I think we do need a counterweight. China should not be the world's financier.    Mr. STANEK. Ms. Congresswoman, I believe that the greatest benefit that we receive from the trade agreements is the simplification of the process. Right now it is very complicated for a small business to attempt--particularly one who has not been in the export business previously--to engage in that with the various rules and regulations that exist around the world. And being able to simplify that whole process will open up the doors for exportation for so many more companies.    Mr. STANEK. Congressman, we have found our freight forwarded to be of immense help to us. The employees at the freight forwarder are able to help walk us through a lot of the regulations that we are personally challenged with, and I would recommend someone looking to get into the arena to speak with a good freight forwarder and help initiate that process.    Mr. STANEK. I feel that we are being heard through our trade association. If not for the trade association, the National Small Business Association, I think individually we would have a difficult time being heard, but I believe our voice is heard via that route.    Mr. STANEK. I would agree also. And all we are looking for is a balanced playing field.    Mr. STANEK. I would suggest that it is a country unfairly moving its currency to impact itself favorably at the expense of other countries.