    Mr. Melito. Madam Chairman, Ranking Member Deutch, and members of the subcommittee, I am pleased to be here to discuss the work you requested on delivery of U.S. humanitarian assistance----    Mr. Melito. I am pleased to be here to discuss the work you requested on delivery of U.S. humanitarian assistance to people inside Syria. The conflict in Syria has created a complex humanitarian challenge. As of May 2016, the U.N. reported that 13\1/2\ million people inside Syria have been affected by the conflict and are in need of humanitarian assistance such as food, shelter, and medicine.    Since the start of the conflict in March 2011, the United States, through the Department of State and USAID, has provided over $5 billion in humanitarian assistance, about half of which has been provided for assistance to people inside Syria. In 2015, the U.S. provided more than a quarter of the total international funding for the humanitarian response to Syria.    My testimony summarizes our report on the delivery of U.S. humanitarian assistance to people inside Syria, which is being released today. I will focus on four topics. First, factors affecting delivery of assistance. Second, the extent to which State, USAID, and their partners have assessed risks to their program. Third, implementation of controls to mitigate identifying risks and ensure appropriate financial oversight of humanitarian assistance projects. And fourth, GAO's recommendations and the agency responses.    Regarding the first topic, several factors complicate the delivery of humanitarian assistance to people inside Syria. For example, the increasingly violent and widespread Syrian conflict has hindered effective delivery of humanitarian assistance. In addition, administrative procedures put in place by the Syrian Government have delayed or limited the delivery of humanitarian assistance, especially to besieged areas. Further, due to restrictions for traveling to Syria, State and USAID staff must manage the delivery of humanitarian assistance remotely from neighboring countries.    Regarding the second topic on risk assessments, U.S. agencies do not require comprehensive risk assessments from implementing partners, and most partners have not assessed the risk of fraud. Risk assessment involves comprehensively identifying risks associated with achieving program objectives and determining actions to mitigate those risks. In the context of Syria, such risks include theft, fraud, and safety and security.    Most of the implementing partners we examined conducted formal risk assessments for at least one type of risk, most commonly security risk. In addition, several maintain assessments on a variety of risks that are updated on a regular basis. However, few of these implementing partners conducted risk assessments for the risk of fraud, despite elevated risks for fraud in assistance projects inside Syria. These risks have been highlighted through the ongoing and closed fraud investigations by USAID's Inspector General.    Absent assessments of fraud risk, implementing partners may not have all the information needed to design appropriate controls to mitigate such risk. In addition, State and USAID officials may not have sufficient awareness of the risk of fraud or loss due to theft.    Regarding the third topic on oversight, partners have implemented controls to mitigate some of the risks of delivering humanitarian assistance inside Syria, but U.S. agencies could improve their oversight of these programs. We found that partners we examined had implemented controls to mitigate certain risks of delivering humanitarian assistance inside Syria. For example, many partners implemented controls to account for safety and security risks to their personnel and beneficiaries receiving assistance. However, we found that fraud oversight could be strengthened.    While USAID has hired a contractor for verifying the progress of activities in Syria, they have not clearly instructed field monitors on how to identify and collect information on potential fraud risks. Further, the contractors have not received fraud awareness training.    Regarding the fourth topic, GAO made several recommendations in our report. To provide more complete information to assist the agencies in conducting oversight activities, State and USAID should require the implementing partners to conduct fraud risk assessments. In addition, USAID should ensure its field monitors are trained to identify potential fraud risks and collect information on them. Both agencies agreed with GAO's recommendations.    Madam Chairman, Ranking Member Deutch, and members of the subcommittee, this completes my prepared statement. I will be pleased to respond to any questions you may have at this time.    Mr. Melito. Very good. A risk assessment is a jargony phrase that is pretty obvious. It is management, basically, trying to understand the challenges that their employees are having in the field. In this case, it is generally a procurement and logistics exercise where they need to understand which particular place they are using for buying things, storing things, moving things. And in the environment of Syria, there are a lot of complicating factors and a lot of heavy risks.    So risk assessment would really be a diagnostic on looking at what exactly is the situation on the ground, what are they facing, and then recognizing that some of this is very risky and then mitigating that by trying to make sure that there are oversight controls and just a good situational awareness on the part of management. That is why risk assessments are essential.    In terms of the internal control framework of the U.N., it is very similar. They are using international auditing standards which mirror, in a lot of ways, the ones that the U.S. Government uses. So when we have dialogues with them, we are pretty much on the same page. They are required to do risk assessments like the U.S. Government is. So there was no mismatch in discussions with them. They have the same requirements in that area.    Mr. Melito. So GAO's perspective on this, and this is the auditing community as well, is that you need reasonable assurance. Now, reasonable assurance is something which has to be sort of understood at the corporate level, and they need to really think about where their particular tolerance is. But we are not talking about absolute assurance. I just want to drive that home. Because absolute assurance would be too expensive and it probably would prevent the humanitarian mission from going forward.    In terms of the magnitude of the losses, I do not think USAID or State have really any inkling on that. I don't think they have done the work to address that, nor have they thought about what is their risk tolerance. So I think that is a dialogue that they need to have moving forward.    Mr. Melito. So we do have audit authority over the implementing parties. We do not have audit authority over the U.N. That said----    Mr. Melito. So--here we go. I said we do have audit authority over implementing partners, but we do not have audit authority over U.N. agencies. That said, I have done, over the last 10 years, a series of reports involving U.N. agencies where I have generally gotten excellent cooperation. And I think that is in recognition of how important the U.S. is as a donor, and I think they would want to cooperate with the U.S. Government. So I can't point out a case where I wasn't ultimately able to get the information that GAO needed to do its work. So while it is an indirect process, ultimately, I think it's been a successful process.    Mr. Melito. So as you mentioned, U.S. Government officials cannot enter----    Mr. Melito . Syria. So for a normal humanitarian assistance effort, you would expect on-the-ground monitoring by U.S. Government officials. They would be looking at the warehouses, they would be watching the beneficiaries receive their assistance, making sure it is up to the quality and quantity that we paid for.    In this case, the information they have to rely on is coming from people who are inside the country telling them subsequently what has happened. That is indirect. Now, they trust a number of these parties correctly, but it is still, though, something which is indirect for them.    So what they do, they end up trying to triangulate, trying to get information from multiple sources. They are trying to use some new technologies such as geotagging pictures of things, and that is all very good, but it will never be as effective as being able to see it yourself. So that in itself means the risk of fraud and diversion is greater. Because of the indirectness of the monitoring, you are in a situation and environment which heightens the risks, and that needs to be recognized and addressed.    Mr. Melito. So in your statement and in the chairman's statement, talk about the magnitude of it, 13\1/2\ million people inside the country. The U.S. Government estimates it is reaching about 4 million. So that is--the U.S. Government is doing great. It is the single largest donor, but it is only reaching a subset. Any diversion from that is even lower than that.    So from our perspective, this is literally taking food out of the mouths of babies. I mean, it is taking resources that are in desperate need and not putting it where it needs to be and, instead, in hands of people who you are not designating as a target. So it has a direct humanitarian impact. It is not just that this is a bad deed that we--you don't have them for criminal reasons. It is hurting the humanitarian mission, and that needs to be kept front and center.    Mr. Melito. GAO does not have a number. That would be the kind of number that AID would need to produce itself. I would defer to my colleague if she has any information.    Mr. Melito. So in our report, we talk about some U.N. information on that. So U.N. reports about 89 humanitarian workers have been killed since the conflict has started, and there have been hundreds of attacks on medical facilities and also attacks on food deliveries and such. And then the U.S. in my report, we also talk about when the city of Palmyra fell, food that was stored there fell into the hands of ISIS.    Mr. Melito. We are unaware of either agency doing a comprehensive assessment of that.    Mr. Melito. The U.N.'s reporting that they are only receiving about--approvals about 20 percent of the time. I think the number that we report is 110 requests and 13 approvals. So in--what is going on there, it pays to talk a little bit about it.    So when the U.N. wishes to go outside of these Assad-controlled areas, to the areas outside of our control, they need permission for what the items are; they need permission to travel on the roads; they need permission to cross checkpoints; they need visas for employees to come in, and they have not been getting the approvals 90 percent of the time. And when they do get it, they say that it is very slow and uncertain.    Mr. Melito. Well, the U.S. is part of the international community's effort to broaden the delivery of services. So there was two Security Council resolutions that passed in 2014 and 2015, which made it legal for delivery of services across the border. And that is what most of the international NGOs are doing. They are delivering assistance from Turkey and Jordan mostly, and that is against the wishes of the regime. So there, they are saying that the humanitarian assistance is more important than the wishes of the regime.    This that we are referring to as denials is areas that are still within the control of the regime or at the border of the control of the regime. So it is two different ways of delivering services.    Mr. Melito. GAO tracks its recommendations for 4 years. But generally, agencies respond within 1 or 2 years. And given the importance of this issue, I am hopeful they will do it quickly.    Mr. Melito. So the U.S. agencies, both State and AID, pay very close attention to the map, basically. And it divides up, generally, to areas that are controlled by the Assad regime and the areas right near that, which includes a lot of the seized areas and hard-to-reach areas. And the other part is the areas near the borders of Turkey and Jordan.    They have different implementing partners for those two, so the U.N. is able to operate within the Assad-controlled areas of the country. The international NGOs cannot operate there, but they can operate across border. And in all those cases, State and AID pay very close attention to groups which are not permitted to receive assistance. And we've got very good assurance that there is no assistance going currently to ISIS-controlled areas.    That all said, it is a very fluid situation on the ground and a very complicated situation on the ground that has to be constantly monitored, but those are the kinds of things that the agencies are balancing.    Mr. Melito. Yes. The U.N. is--there are a number of individuals in the Assad-controlled areas which are in desperate need. So the U.N. is providing assistance there, but it also is deploying out of those areas into the besieged and hard-to-reach areas. That said, it is not reaching nearly as many of those people as it wishes to. That is the reference to being denied access by the regime.    Mr. Melito. So it is predominantly Turkey in the north and Jordan in the south. Those are the two main.    Mr. Melito. That is probably appropriate for both the State and AID, but my understanding is they have been getting good cooperation.    Mr. Melito. I said have been cooperative.    Mr. Melito. That is also a question for USAID.    Mr. Melito. Yes. Have been. Sorry.    Mr. Melito. I want to be clear on that.    Dr. Melito. According to the U.N., 89.    Dr. Melito. So until these Security Council resolutions were passed, it wasn't clear that they could do that, because it would be violating the sovereignty of the country. Normally, you have to basically get the permission of the country to provide assistance.    Yes, the Assad regime is not supporting the cross-border assistance and they are doing it against his wishes, but it is an international--it is legal now because of the Security Council resolutions.    Dr. Melito. The Security Council resolutions have the force of law internationally. So they gave permission for that kind of assistance to occur.    Dr. Melito. He would rather it was in his areas of control.    Dr. Melito. He can determine when and how, yes.