    Ms. MCCORKLE. Hello. How is everyone today? Thank you for allowing me the opportunity to testify before you today. My name is Chanel McCorkle, and I am grateful to share my story.    I moved to Baltimore in April 2011 with my daughter and her father. We were new to Baltimore and had no place to go. I moved in with my two sisters and was told about the City Homes program. I was told it was an organization that would help me find affordable housing for my family and me.    The same day I applied, I was rejected. According to City Homes, I had not worked in the State for at least 18 months and therefore was ineligible for assistance. Forced to remain with my sisters, my next step was to go to the Department of Social Services for additional support. Fortunately, I was granted food stamps and medical assistance.    I found a job at Rite Aid Pharmacy as a cashier making $9 an hour. When I let the Department of Social Service know of this job and my earnings, they dramatically lowered my food stamps. The $200 reduction made it difficult to make ends meet.    One year later, I found a better opportunity as a grill chef at St. Joseph's Hospital. The full-time position required me to find and maintain stable and reliable daycare for my 3-year-old daughter. I again went to the Department of Social Service for help. I applied for daycare vouchers and was turned down. I was informed that $11 per hour was too high of an income to receive vouchers. I was forced to rely on friends, family, and neighbors to babysit while I worked.    I found myself bouncing my daughter around from place to place, from person to person, in order to keep my job. After a while, the holes in my daycare situation became more and more apparent as friends and family were not able to commit full-time due to their own work obligations. I struggled with my attendance every day, and over the course of 2 years, I was calling out weekly due because I had no sitter for my child and I could not afford to pay a childcare center.    In 2012, I became pregnant with my son, and after he was born, I needed additional help with childcare. I added him to my social service case and still was not eligible for daycare vouchers. I was eventually let go from St. Joseph's Hospital for missing too many days of work.    After I lost my job, I applied for temporary cash assistance through the Department of Social Services. Thirty days after I applied, I was granted cash assistance and immediately received daycare vouchers and an increase in food stamp assistance. The daycare vouchers I so desperately needed while I was working were finally granted to me after it cost me my job.    I was also placed with America Works of Maryland, Inc. America Works taught me how to dress professionally, answer interview questions, format a resume, and seek current and worthwhile job opportunities. I feel like I had to lose my job in order for social service to really help me.    I have recently accepted a job working 40 hours per week with excellent benefits. I am really excited to return to work. I know that after the Department of Social Service gets notified, I will lose some, if not all of my benefits, and that is scary. I am sure they will take my daycare vouchers from me or make the copayment too high, my food stamps will be decreased or nonexistent, and my medical benefits may end.    I have tried to make provisions if those things should happen. I have just started to get back on track, and I know I am well on my way, no matter how much of an uphill battle it may be. I am fighting to get back to work to support my family and become independent once again.    Thank you for allowing me this opportunity. I look forward to any questions.    Ms. MCCORKLE. Based on my experience, I feel like you are doing okay. I just feel like you should allow more time, don't just snatch the benefits away from the client because they found a job. Give like a couple of months to get yourself together. If you didn't save money, give you time to save your money, give you time to just get yourself established, and then decide if you are making enough money, you can handle it, then go ahead and take it out. Don't take it all the way away, just knock it down a little bit until they are established enough to actually get off the system.    Ms. MCCORKLE. When I wasn't working, I felt like everything was okay. I went back to work, I felt like I was worried because of the hours I was working. You couldn't find a daycare open for those hours, and then you couldn't pay the cost, and then you had to find people. But then if the people didn't work out for you, I had to call out, so I was worried.    So I am not working now, but I do start my new job tomorrow. I will be back. I am excited. At the same time I am worried about losing the vouchers or having the copay too high. You just start getting paid, so how are you going to pay your copay, and then you have to pay somebody to watch your kids. So it is actually like a worry. And then they are going to cut your food stamps, so who is to say you made enough to put enough food in your house for your kids?    Ms. MCCORKLE. It kind of does, yes.    Ms. MCCORKLE. It does.    Ms. MCCORKLE. Yes, I believe the cliff is real. It is what I am experiencing. The process of going through work is it is really easy to find the job. It is really easy to get the job. It is just really hard to keep the job if you don't have the support you need to help with child care and child care is being a big issue, then it is kind of hard to keep your job.    Ms. MCCORKLE. I actually did need America Works to help it because when you are applying for your benefits, you don't actually speak to anybody. Nobody actually tells you what is going to happen when you get your job. It just happens that they find out you work, the letter comes in the mail telling you this is cut, this is cut, and this is what is happening.    And then you are at the office. You come to the office and you want to talk to somebody. Half the time you don't get your caseworker, you just get a different representative. They don't explain it. They just tell you what happened. They don't actually explain anything. It just comes through the mail.