    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I also want to thank you for holding this hearing.    As the chairman and others may know, Sunday is going to be the 100th running of the Indianapolis 500. As you might imagine, this garners a lot of attention, not only at home, but across the country and the world. In fact, over 300,000 people are expected to come from around the world to our great city this weekend to witness the greatest spectacle in racing.    But our Indianapolis area hotels have been sold out since March 15th and people are booking hotels as far away as South Bend, which is about three hours away. And so, while demand is high, there is, unfortunately, some who seek to take advantage of this and other major sporting events to deceive or mislead the race fans for a quick buck. Last week my office met with a constituent from Shockett Hotels who told us that third-party sites take payments from visitors and promise a room in return. And then, this comes as news for the hotel that has not contracted with these entities and is left to deal with legitimate rage of a visitor who is showing up when they, the hotel, has to break the news that they are booked and that that visitor does not have a room. It can be a huge problem for us this weekend.    That is why I am interested in examining my good friend Ms. Frankel and Ms. Ros-Lehtinen's bill 4526 today that seeks to strengthen the vital safeguards, increase consumer protections, and bolster the enforcement efforts necessary to stop scammers from mimicking legitimate Web sites. So, I am interested in hearing about the benefits of the legislation and how we might improve their legislation because, obviously, the backbone of Hoosier hospitality relies on getting these types of things right. We don't want a lot of angry visitors and race fans. It is not a pretty picture when that happens.    So, Ms. Ramirez, according to the hotel industry, this type of scam, close to 15 million reservations were made on such deceptive Web sites and cost U.S. travelers upward of $1.3 billion. Forty-one thousand people every day are getting scammed by these types of Web sites.    Are you aware of this and seeing this kind of fraud in the hotel market? And what kind of numbers are you seeing, if not?    Mrs. Brooks. I am curious about that because that is what I think I read in your written testimony. And so, you indicate mainstream third-party online travel agencies generally do not generate that kind of deception. Of course they don't. That is why they have been so incredibly successful. And, of course, this bill is not meant to impede companies like Expedia and others.    But what is it that you actually think a company, a deceptive company would be--how do we get a deceptive company from operating? What are you suggesting? I am confused by your written testimony and even this testimony.    Mrs. Brooks. OK.    Mrs. Brooks. Is that not inherent, that companies like this should not make misrepresentations on their Web sites?    Mrs. Brooks. And you have authority currently to enforce unfair and deceptive practices, correct? And are you prosecuting any? Are you pursuing any?    Mrs. Brooks. Can you answer yes or no whether or not you are pursuing any right now?    Mrs. Brooks. So, you cannot say whether or not you are pursuing any investigations of these deceptive Web sites, yes or no? That is a yes or no, without going into details.    Mrs. Brooks. Then, that----    Mrs. Brooks. That is certainly a deceptive answer. Thank you.    I yield back.