    Dr. Arnett. Good morning, Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, and members of the committee. Thank you very much for the invitation to testify this morning on this very important topic. My name is Ed Arnett, I am the Senior Scientist with the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership. We are a national sportsman's conservation partnership organization with 42 formal partners, many of those who work very extensively on sage grouse.    I appreciated Mr. Polis' introduction. I have been a professional biologist for 25 years, working with Federal agencies, as well as a Fortune 500 timber-industry company during the spotted owl era that was mentioned earlier; so I have a little bit of background on that particular set of issues. I also have worked with the NGO sector for some time now.    The title of this hearing, ``Empowering State Management of Greater Sage Grouse,'' is an important one to note. The states, in fact--as we have already heard, and we agree with--have been extensively engaged and empowered from the very beginning. Any notion to the contrary would, of course, be misleading.    Indeed, it was the state agency biologists decades ago that brought attention to concerns over sagebrush ecosystems, and increasing concerns about sage grouse. Since then, the states have been full partners with Federal managers, ranchers, and other relevant stakeholders in developing the conservation road map that we see today for sage grouse.    As we have heard and will hear from the states, they have made very important and significant contributions that we certainly appreciate and recognize. TRCP fully supports the state management of all wildlife species, because this is a critical tenant of the North American model that is so important to sportsmen.    There can be no doubt that the best way to maintain oversight of sage grouse and, moreover, hundreds of species that are dependent on this system, is to keep the bird off the Endangered Species List. If we can all agree that that is our shared definition of success, to sustain state management of grouse and keep it from being listed, then we should agree that the path forward is through the development and implementation of both Federal and state plans that are robust to preclude the need to list the species.    This is not an either/or proposition. We need strong plans for our Federal lands; and we need state plans that address private lands, as well as the state lands that operate under different mandates. Of course, we also need our private landowners, and their critical important engagements, to round out a comprehensive strategy for these diverse western landscapes.    We are confident that the conservation measures and collaboration necessary to do this are currently happening across the range of the species, and require no action by this Congress other than the allocation of appropriate levels of funding for sustained management and conservation, so we avoid winding up in the same place further down the road.    The Endangered Species Act is a tool of last resort, and one that certainly is not preferred by sportsmen as a vehicle for conservation; but the loss of sage grouse habitat and the drop in numbers is no secret, and the weight of evidence can't be denied. It seems that the specter of an ESA listing has been necessary to drive this historic level of collaboration, at least among some, and among the different stakeholders that is currently taking place on behalf of greater sage grouse.    The science clearly indicates that sage grouse habitat must be protected with durable conservation plans that will eventually produce habitat and more birds on the ground. Suggesting there is some other path forward simply serves to unnecessarily confuse the issue.    We must remain on the path we are on today and finalize these plans and begin--as Kathleen noted that the state of Utah is implementing--we need to implement these things broadly on the ground and get it over the hump and moving forward.    The vast majority of core sage grouse habitat is on Federal land, so strong Federal plans covering both BLM and Forest Service acres are close to being finalized. We are nearly there, but they have to be coupled with strong state plans and reflect state-specific approaches to sage grouse conservation. We believe this will be enough to thwart off the listing.    Science-based state and Federal conservation plans implemented with adequate funding represent the only way to maintain state authority of the sage grouse plan--the sage grouse management. Fundamentally shifting Federal land management and decisionmaking to the states at this stage of the game, or delaying Federal action on a listing, are perhaps the best ways to ensure the bird winds up on the list. Actions like this only serve to take focus off what must be done.    And, interestingly, we are only hearing from a minority about the delays needed to allow the state plans to develop and manifest. We are not hearing from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service that they require a delay to get to a not-warranted decision. As such, we believe Congress should let the current process and historic collaboration continue, and we believe we will have a successful conclusion.    I would again like to thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and I will be happy to answer questions after the other speakers. Thank you.    Dr. Arnett. Thank you for the question, Congresswoman. I believe, in both the written testimony and in my oral comments, we think this is a comprehensive view of Federal and state collaboration and strong conservation plans on both Federal and state lands, in conjunction with these voluntary efforts and, quite frankly, easements, which are contractual agreements with private landowners to conserve habitat and manage their lands differently.    Again, it is not an either/or. We need all of the above in managing the landscapes. These are diverse landscapes across a wide range of conditions, and it requires all of the above approach, in my opinion, with multiple tools--that includes mitigation and some pretty creative mitigation tools in the toolbox these days that have been brought forth in the form, not only of the traditional conservation banking, but also in these exchange programs. These are all tools that we need to put collectively forward.    But the science is clear that we do need the habitat, first and foremost, and we need to manage that habitat. That has been brought out very clearly, quite frankly, with my state colleagues, as well.    Dr. Arnett. I am not convinced we are that far apart. But I think, clearly, it has been stated by everyone that the states have been engaged.    And a little bit of history--this is nothing that just popped up last month or 10 years ago, or even 5 years ago. This is something that has been of concern to biologists, wildlife professionals in the state agencies and the academic world, and those that are out on the ground for some number of years--decades, quite frankly. WAFWA established a monitoring program back in--Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies; my apologies for the Acronese--the WAFWA group led efforts back in the 1950s, put together monitoring to track sage grouse, and started some of the research endeavors.    Back in the 1990s, the concern began to increase. And, actually, it was state biologists that were considering the petition to list. This didn't come from the green groups; this came from biologists that were really concerned about a number of different things: loss of habitat, declining numbers of birds. The states have led many of these efforts--the state biologists, as Dustin pointed out very clearly, have direct authority of wildlife populations. They always have had authorization to manage populations, whereas the state, the overall state governments, manage state lands, state-owned lands, and the Federal Government manages the habitat.    The states have always had cooperating agency status. They have always been engaged. I am not going to try to speak, especially for the three states here, or any other state, as to what that cooperation has looked like or if it could have been better--my guess is I suspect it can, it can always be better in terms of collaboration; but the states have always been at the table. In my opinion, the wildlife agencies have, in fact, been there. Their advice hasn't always been heeded, necessarily.    So, the biologists have had concerns for some time. They put together the original strategy--whoops, am I over? Sorry.    The Chairman. You are.    Dr. Arnett. It is a 5-minute response to each question, isn't it? I just realized that.    So, I think my conclusion is that the states definitely have been engaged, they have cooperating status, and they have been partnering with the Feds, and we are very close to getting to a consensus.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Benishek.    Dr. Arnett. Well, of course, being a scientist, I have to say it depends on what actions that are taken.    In 2005, during the not-warranted listing decision, Utah may have taken a lot of progressive, proactive steps and continued that conservation effort. But my colleagues, the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, have noted to me that a lot of those proactive conservations came to an end; and I think that, without a little bit of crisis involved here to push the effort, I am not sure that the foot would stay on the gas, personally.    Quite frankly, this is a concern, if we get to a not-warranted, which is what we define as success, and I think everyone here defines as success, is that we need long-term sustainability for the management----    Dr. Arnett. We think it is likely, and keep in mind that the bird is still--is warranted, but precluded. That would seemingly give a lot of uncertainty to a business owner or someone else trying to plan out into the future. I think we are better off getting the plans done now, with some long-term commitment goals and objectives, and giving them more certainty than waiting 6 years to see what happens.    Dr. Arnett. We do not. We believe that we can get there. We believe there are investments that have been put forward by the states, strong conservation plans that complement those state efforts on Federal properties, and private landowner engagement that is unprecedented.    Dr. Arnett. Our position is that a delay is not necessary, unless, and I will say this again--if the Fish and Wildlife Service came to us and said, ``There is some timeline that we know we will get to a not-warranted''--I suspect we can support that; but we haven't heard that yet.    Dr. Arnett. And just real quickly, sorry to interrupt you----    Dr. Arnett. The track record issue is an important one, because track records have to be established by all of these players. But, again, that should be driven by the Service saying that we don't have it, and if we had this amount of time to see it. I don't know that we need the life cycle of the species to see--one cycle of a generation to see that happen.    Dr. Arnett. That is correct, Congressman. Valid and existing rights do not apply to the conservation efforts that are ongoing. To my knowledge--and I have not had the luxury of seeing the final Bureau of Land Management plans, but the focal areas in question, I would assume, have been developed without--in areas that do not have certain valid and existing rights, I would assume.    Dr. Arnett. I think there are definitely parallels. But it is also a very different situation. One parallel of interesting note, the biologists that I worked with for years in the timber industry warned the timber industry of the northern spotted owl in the 1970s, and it took a long time for that to manifest, until the bird was actually listed--getting back to the point about having the specter of ESA in front.    It is a different situation. Obviously, covers a broader range of conditions. And one of my feelings is that a failure in the spotted owl plan wasn't relied too heavily on a system of Federal reserves, and needed to better integrate with private lands and state lands----    Dr. Arnett. Well, it was driven by President Clinton, his forest plan and the forest summit. It came from that. Again, that generated the forest plan that was then later applied in that late successional reserve program, and then the states managed private lands. But I think there needed to be a better integration of the private sector and state lands in a broader, comprehensive strategy. That would have been helpful.    Dr. Arnett. I don't think we have seen anything like what we have seen with the sage grouse issue in my career.    Dr. Arnett. That has not been established by the Federal Government. It should be established by the state agencies. Some have population objectives and some don't.    Dr. Arnett. Well, very quickly, I don't represent any one of the states. But, broadly, I would say that the vast majority of the state plans that I have personally reviewed have been developed with stakeholder input, but without public review process, as is NEPA, and that is a little bit of a different situation.    Dr. Arnett. Certainly. The depiction of wildfire and invasive species being a major threat in the western portion of the range is true. There is no question. But there definitely are threats from anthropogenic disturbance, and that is a primary threat in the eastern portion of the range. That has been very well documented with a strong body of science on impacts of energy development and other disturbance.    But it can be managed. There is no question that this can be managed. We think the development of these conservation plans, by defining where conservation areas need to occur, and development areas need to occur, it can be managed. In fact, some of these focal areas and the core habitats are mostly outside of oil and gas reserves, to the best of my knowledge.    I would like to point out one thing that I have heard a lot about, the top-down approach and the last-minute nature of this. Keep in mind that these were draft plans that we all commented on through a public process. The Federal Government has addressed those comments, and they are addressing it based on the science. So, whether some of these things were vetted with the states, and at what point in time, I am not clear on; but there was a public review process, and the BLM has yet to release final plans. They have to address those public plans, and ultimately, they have to address the science.    Dr. Arnett. Well, another thing to keep in mind, the state plans, again, were developed under the mandates of state plans. Most states can't regulate private lands, and they have a mandate, as Mr. Miller pointed out earlier, to maximize revenues on state lands. So, they were developed in a different context. I agree that the states can be more nimble, but they were all developed under a different context.    I think the Federal plans are an important component of this. As I said, it is not one or the other, it is all of the above.    Dr. Arnett. Expansion of?    Dr. Arnett. My understanding, as part of the development of these conservation plans, any existing valid and----    Dr. Arnett . Will be honored.    Dr. Arnett. It would be managed according to what the----    Dr. Arnett. Something has been withdrawn----    Dr. Arnett. I can see some of those kinds of stipulations. There will be stipulations as part of the plan.    Dr. Arnett. For non-existing valid----    Dr. Arnett. Long time ago.    Dr. Arnett. Well, again, I would like to start with the fact that Federal lands are owned by the public, the American people. And they are managed by these Federal agencies under a variety of bedrock----    Dr. Arnett. Fair enough. I understand the frustration from the states. We have seen that, in terms of the expeditious nature of getting things permitted. We would like to believe that once we get these conservation strategies--both state and Federal--in place, we will have some certainty and some understanding of where energy can be developed and where habitat can be managed.    Dr. Arnett. That is a very good question.    Dr. Arnett. I mean the states have been engaged in this for a long time. And I think----