    Ms. Starmer. Yes. Thank you, Congressman.    Market News, as you know, provides critical information for the industry that can impact billions of dollars of trades each year, and we have worked very hard to ensure that that program innovates with new needs in the marketplace.    So we now have over 270 organic price reporting programs through Market News. We have developed a Market News program for local food prices, which includes farmer's markets, farm-to-school activities, and food hubs, and we have a grass-fed beef Market News price reporting service as well as one for non-GMO products.    Ms. Starmer. It certainly helps provide price transparency across the whole supply chain, yes, but I think this gets to your other question about how we are supporting the organic industry overall.    We have certainly made great strides within AMS in that, but we also have a full-time employee who works across USDA to ensure that things like our Credit Programs, our Crop Insurance Programs, and our research agenda are adequately meeting the needs of the organic industry.    So our budget request really reflects, I think, a growing capacity across the institution to support this market.    Ms. Starmer. Absolutely.    And finally, sir, on aquaculture, we are working very hard to address the questions that we are getting out of OMB. I know they are very complex. We are working diligently on that.    Ms. Starmer. I thank you, Congresswoman. Thank you for your leadership on all of these issues.    Quickly on the local food data, we are working through cooperative agreements with states to gather data. They may go out to the farmer's markets. The farmer's markets may report it, and they are looking, as I mentioned, at farm-to-school activities as well.    Ms. Starmer. So all of that data is then going to flow into a number of our other programs and hopefully influence their effectiveness for that sector.    On your question about FSMA, and I do want to say on a personal note that many of the producers in my home state of New Hampshire look quite a bit like some of the folks in your district. So this is something that I am personally very committed to ensuring we figure out.    Ms. Starmer. Although the main responsibility for food safety is obviously lying with FDA, AMS has worked for a long time to try to bridge agricultural producers' needs in ensuring food safety verification in the marketplace through the Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) Program.    And as you mentioned, we have developed GroupGAP. We will launch that in April. It helps smaller groups of producers share the cost of certification and audits across that whole group. So the burden is less for them, and then there are spot audits to ensure accountability.    So we are very pleased with how our three-year pilot for that program has gone, and we are really looking forward to rolling that out in April.    In addition to that, we do have a full-time employee who works with FDA on FSMA, who has been able to bring the perspective of the agricultural industry to those discussions, and she will continue to do that work.    We jointly fund the Produce Safety Alliance with FDA, which is a Cornell University-based outreach and education program.    We also fund through our Specialty Crop Block Grants Program and now through the new Specialty Crop Multi-State Program. We expect to fund a number of food safety-related projects there. I do know in Maine over the last few years, I think, since 2009 the state has been able to make about 12 grants specifically targeted to small and organic producers around food safety education.    So that is a really important program as well for that work. So there are lots of tools in the toolbox, but it is very important that we make sure this works for everyone.    Ms. Starmer. Thank you, Congresswoman, and thank you for your leadership on these issues. We did appreciate the OIG report and the recommendations that it put forth. We do have a timeline for addressing those, and we're ahead of schedule on all of them.    They raise procedural and documentation issues, not--nothing that raised any concerns about food safety or other issues of nonconformance. And I can say that we are required by statute to purchase a hundred percent domestic products. So, even if the general provision were removed, that would not affect our purchase of a hundred percent domestic. That's governed by a separate part of the statute.    Ms. Starmer. Yes, Congresswoman, and you've identified the distinction between the different programs that are at play there. The AMS Commodity Purchasing Program is required to be a hundred percent domestic. The other issues are covered by FNS, so I can't speak to them.    Ms. Starmer. We purchase commodities, and those must be a hundred percent domestic.    Ms. Starmer. The other ones are Food Nutrition Service Purchase.    Ms. Starmer. Or--excuse me--the schools purchasing directly using funding from the other agency. So, our commodity purchases for school lunches are governed by statute that requires them to be a hundred percent domestic.    Ms. Starmer. Yes, sir, we do to the degree that we are able to, given that there is pending litigation. So, we aren't really able to talk about it, but we have certainly worked as hard as we can to bring the parties together on this.    Ms. Starmer. Yes, that's correct, sir. The rule, the proposed rule is currently over in OMB. As you mentioned, it did grow out of recommendations from the National Organic Standards Board, as well as from OIG and some statutory requirements that we create clear standards for organic producers. And so we have attempted to do that. We have certainly met with stakeholders from across the industry and we believe the proposal incorporates their feedback. And there will also be ample opportunity for public comment when the proposal comes out. But right now it is, it is with OMB for review.    Ms. Starmer. Yes, sir.    Ms. Starmer. Yes. I have in my limited amount of time here in the agency, I have learned about the rule as well as about how important it is to you, sir. So I appreciate that.    Ms. Starmer. I cannot give you a firm timeframe. It is with OMB. As I mentioned, we do continue to receive questions that we are working to respond to as expeditiously as possible.    Ms. Starmer. Well, there is an inter-agency review process that happens. That's standard for this type of process. And so there have been a number of agencies that have reviewed it. I don't think I can go into the specifics, given that the rule is still under review. But I can say that we're working as quickly as we can to address those questions, so that we can move it forward.    Ms. Starmer. That's right, sir.    Ms. Starmer. We are working as quickly as possible.    Ms. Starmer. I wish that I could give you a firm time frame. I can't. I apologize. But we are working as quickly as we can to address--it's, I think, reflective of the complexity of the rule and the equities that our federal partners have in it.    Ms. Starmer. Yes, sir.    Ms. Starmer. We are doing everything that we can to move it, sir.    Ms. Starmer. Absolutely.    Ms. Starmer. Mm-hmm.    Ms. Starmer. Of course. Yes, we would be happy to follow up with your office on this.    Ms. Starmer. I would say--and thank you for the question, Congressman. In my time as a Senior Advisor to the Secretary, I was the liaison to FDA from the Office of the Secretary. And we did provide significant technical assistance in the drafting of those rules, and now in implementation. I think my point then, and this is still something that I feel very strongly about now, is that it is critical that we have robust food safety standards that everyone is held to. There are going to be different needs, depending on the type of operation and the size of that operation. And I think that FDA has done a very good job of being responsive to the range of industry perspectives on this during the rulemaking process, and that the technical assistance opportunities that are available for the industry are reflective of that diversity. So everything from the Produce Safety Alliance, which AMS helps support with FDA, to some of the cooperative agreements that FDA is putting out to provide technical assistance to special groups such as tribal producers and others. We are responsible for ensuring that the produce industry can make these rules work regardless of their size or where they're located.