    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank our witnesses here today.    I want to point out one thing before I go into my questions. We talk about the rollout of EINSTEIN 3 and where we are today. It is unacceptable that we are at this for the better part of a decade now and still such a small percentage of the .gov network has even basic levels of EINSTEIN 3 on it yet.    We have a long way to go. I understand that we are making progress and rolling out EINSTEIN 3 to protect the .gov network, but it is laughable that it has taken this long to get to this point.    Part of the reason, Mr. Chairman, is the fact that no one is in charge despite the fact that we have a cyber coordinator--and I applaud the work that Michael Daniel does with limited tools, really, at his disposal because he lacks policy and budgetary authority to compel compliance of departments and agencies to do more in cyber. Neither does the Secretary of Homeland Security.    I know that in the last Congress we gave additional authorities through FISMA reform, but still even the Secretary of Homeland Security does not have the ability to reach across Government and tell an agency like OPM they are not doing enough on cyber, which is why we are here today and is why the OPM breach happened, because OPM did not take cybersecurity seriously enough.    It wasn't even like they were coming to Congress and asking for more resources. It was only until fiscal year 2016 that they asked for more money for cyber. It wasn't like they were coming here asking for money and they were told no. They didn't even ask. They weren't taking cyber seriously.    So I hope that, at some point, we will get somebody in charge that does have both policy and budgetary authority who can compel compliance of departments and agencies.    But, with that, Dr. Ozment, I noticed that you were at the OGR hearing earlier this morning, and I have a number of questions about the OPM breach.    So, to begin with--and I know the Chairman touched on this briefly on the encryption side--you said that encrypting data stolen may not have helped in this case. Now, you are not suggesting that we shouldn't encrypt, I take it. I want to make sure that you have the opportunity to be clear.    What is your view on encryption? Because I hope you would still agree that encrypting PII is still a best practice that agencies should be following. Is that correct?    Mr. Langevin. I would make the point that I think encrypting is vitally important and, if someone were to think that we shouldn't encrypt, it would be like saying, ``Well, they came in through the window. So we shouldn't lock the front door and the back door of the house just because they came through the window.'' We want to make sure that we follow the industry's best practices on the encryption.    Dr. Ozment, did the Federal Network Resilience division work with OPM prior to the discovery of the March 2014 breach?    Mr. Langevin. Did you bring in OPM?    Mr. Langevin. I would appreciate it if you would get that to the committee for the record.    It is my understanding that the Federal Network Resilience division did not work with OPM and that OPM never made the request.    The Federal Network Resilience division is precisely the kind of entity that a department or agency whose private mission isn't necessarily going to be cybersecurity could go to the Federal Network Resilience division and ask for the expertise and do a vulnerability assessment and say, ``How can we get better?'' It is my understanding that OPM never did that.    Dr. Ozment, just to clarify for my sake, does DHS view the OPM breach of personnel data as part of the same incident as the breach of security clearance information? The same threat acted in both cases? Correct? The same threat acted in both cases. Is that correct?    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I know my time is expired. I hope we are going to do a second round. I have a bunch of other questions. I yield back.    Mr. Langevin. Will the gentleman yield?    So what is the consequence if they fail to comply?    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank the Ranking Member for yielding.    Dr. Gerstein, thank you for your testimony. It has been very insightful.    I want to begin by saying I completely agree with you on the National cyber strategy. In fact, the legislation that I have introduced in now a few Congresses, including this one, the Executive Cyberspace Coordination Act, would basically put somebody in charge, giving them both policy and budgetary authority. That act would also require a National strategy to be completed within 1 year. So you and I are of like mind on that subject.    So, Dr. Gerstein, in your written testimony, you say that balancing data access and security has been a driving factor in cybersecurity strategies. I understand that this is often a fundamental trade-off and that we must support research and development to allow us to better achieve both goals.    But I wonder if a bigger problem in many agencies like, say, OPM is that the security risk assessments are not even being conducted adequately. In other words, there is not so much a conscious decision to prize usability at the expense of security, but a lack of understanding that security is being comprised. Is that a fair analysis?    Mr. Langevin. Thank you.    So, Dr. Gerstein, I sincerely believe that we are going to keep seeing breaches of sensitive Government networks, unfortunately, until we start holding attackers accountable.    This is not to absolve OPM for the weak cybersecurity posture. Far from it. But I do believe that the administration and Congress have to take stronger actions in response to cyber attacks.    Do you believe that we have sufficiently explored options for deterrence? What avenues would we be exploring?    Mr. Langevin. Could you speculate on some of what those actions would be beyond the broad categories that you talked about?    Mr. Langevin. Well, I clearly agree that we should have some more international rules of the road. This isn't just a U.S. problem, but an international one. Right now it is kind of the Wild West out there.    On the experience of the cyber attacks that we have experienced here in the United States--and OPM is a perfect example--our adversaries or these hackers are eating our lunch, and we are not seeming to be able to stop it and not doing much about it.    That should change. We have to change the calculus so that our enemies or adversaries know that there is a cost to hacking our systems and stealing our data.    So, with that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back.    I thank Dr. Gerstein for his testimony.