    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and to our panel, thank you very much for being here.    This kind of strikes home to me because as a county commissioner in Wood County--and from Wood County in Ohio for 6 years and handled a lot of water and sewer issues, and also we created a regional water and sewer district when I was the commissioner to put things together because my home county was over 600 square miles. We had all or part of five cities, 21 villages, 19 townships and a lot of unincorporated area.    And it is important to--and hearing all of you brings back memories of over 20 years ago that I used to sit in a lot of meetings and hear people talk about because they are really very important issues. In Ohio alone, I think we have got about $21 billion right now that we are looking at that we need in infrastructure improvements from water to wastewater and storm water, and so what you are saying here today is very, very important, and really appreciate you being here because I can commiserate with what you have all said, and I have also been working on legislation for at least one session to try to help on the wastewater side to help rural communities.    But if I could, because I take it you all had very good testimony today, and again--and appreciate you being here, and if I could start with Mr. Gomez, you know, you--I think it is important because one of the things that we have been hearing out here is there is a shortage of dollars out there that we have, especially--and when you are talking about our rural areas.    Could you discuss the relationship between the EPA and USDA programs and whether they are--you know, there are overlaps out there and what about the efficiencies or synergies that could occur if we were really looking at these programs and make sure that we didn't have duplication out there or anything like that.    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    This is for Mr. Stewart and Mr. Newman because you both kind of touched on it. In your testimony you had mentioned, Mr. Stewart, about bringing the tools back to the community and the cost of that technical assistance because I know what that would cost, and, you know, what do you find? Are the tools there, are they readily available? Because I know we heard from some other of the Members asking the panel about the cost, but, you know, do you find that you have that assistance out there to be able to get that as soon as you can get it?    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    Mr. Newman, would you like to touch on that about that assistance out there in the communities?    Mr. Latta. OK. Thank you.