    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman Goodlatte.    I, first of all, welcome all the witnesses, especially the witness from the Institute for Justice and our own witness, David Smith from Smith & Zimmerman.    Members of the Committee and Chairman Sensenbrenner, it has become increasingly apparent that the procedures in Federal law governing civil asset forfeiture are inadequate from the perspective of fundamental fairness. And that is the theme I am getting from much of the opening statements.    The unfairness of these laws and related procedures have recently been highlighted by revelations about abuses involving adoptive seizures. The practice of adoptive forfeiture allows the Federal Government to share the proceeds of the seizures with State and local law enforcement agencies and has motivated some of these agencies to engage in policing for profit.    The series of articles in the Washington Post last year, entitled ``Stop and Seize,'' detailed how equitable sharing motivated some State and local police to engage in abusive and coercive traffic stops in order to find pretense to seize assets from motorists. I have been hearing about that for a long time before I even came to the Congress.    I commend the Attorney General Eric Holder, who apparently conservatives want to keep in that spot for as long as they can, for engaging in a review of Federal forfeiture policy. And specifically, last month, he was announcing significant changes to the Justice Department's procedures governing adoptive seizures.    The changes purport to cease this practice except when necessary to protect public safety. But I remain concerned that the new policy includes other exceptions, which would allow adoptive seizures to continue to a significant degree.    Yesterday, the Justice Department announces clarifications to its policy, and I hope the department's witness will provide us as much information about that today as he can. And I hope that other witnesses will offer comments on this policy as well.    We must address the fundamental flaws in Federal forfeiture law. The problem is much broader, and I think Ranking Member Jackson Lee of Texas made some comment in this direction. We must address the Federal fundamental flaws in forfeiture law. The problem is much broader in scope than the issue of adoptive seizures.    The vast majority of forfeitures processed under the Federal law are the result of seizures by Federal law enforcement, and we must do more than adjust policies. We must change Federal law so that the burden is on the Government to prove that a property owner is not innocent, to raise the burden of proof on the Government when bringing a case, to send the proceeds of forfeitures to the general treasury fund, and to codify the elimination of equitable sharing.    And finally, asset forfeiture reform has long been a bipartisan issue, raising serious concerns about fairness and due process on both sides of the aisle. We last enacted reform to the law in 2000 under the Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act, which I coauthored with its primary sponsor, the late Henry Hyde. And so, we have learned a lot since the passage of that law, and that is why I am working with the Chairman of this Subcommittee and its Ranking Member to develop legislation addressing these issues.    I thank the Chair, and I return the balance of my time.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Attorney Sheth, let us talk about a very unpleasant subject, racial profiling, which we got laws against it, and everybody has preached about it. But it is still happening, and I think to a greater extent than many of us are aware.    And I just want to see how you and Attorney Smith think this thing plays into more problems when we come to asset forfeiture?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Do you have anything to add to that, David Smith?    Mr. Conyers. Other States do that, too, do you know?    Mr. Conyers. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to close by asking unanimous consent to put The Washington Post series by Robert O'Harrow in the record.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    *Note: The submitted material, an investiative series by The Washington Post, is not reprinted in this record but is on file with the Subcommittee, and can also be accessed at:      http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/      ByEvent.aspx?EventID=102930.