    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for having this hearing.    And I know your commitment is quite sincere. You want to collaborate to make things better, not just cavil. And I think that is a really important point to be emphasized. And you and I most certainly will collaborate in trying to accomplish that. Because it is easy to complain or highlight problems. It is a lot more difficult to try to address them.    As you said, Mr. Chairman, the Secretary of Homeland Security cared enough about this topic to come see you and me prior to this hearing. And I would ask unanimous consent that the letter addressed to you and me written by the Secretary be entered into the record.    Mr. Connolly. I thank my friend.    According to the annual Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey administered by the Office of Personnel Management and the Partnership for Public Service, employee morale and job satisfaction in the Federal Government have declined rather dramatically over the last several years.    The Partnership's Best Places to Work for 2014 analysis concluded that the Federal employee morale fell to its lowest point ever since the organization first started measuring it in 2003. The results of 2014 continue the troubling pattern of decreasing employee satisfaction scores for the fourth consecutive year, dropping from a high of 65 out of 100 in 2010 to 57 today.    Federal Government is clearly going in the wrong direction with respect to supporting its people, particularly when contrasted with private sector worker satisfaction. Private sector workers increased their job satisfaction in the same time period from 70.6 in 2010 to 72 in 2014. In fact, now the gap between the two, Federal and private sector, has nearly tripled in that timeframe since 2010.    Looking at the data and the dates, certain events have likely contributed to the decline. After the Great Recession, private sector job satisfaction started to bounce back in 2010. Conversely, since 2010, Federal employees have endured a 3-year pay freeze, $140 billion in pay and benefit cuts, sequestration, budget cuts, hiring freezes, reductions in performance awards and training budgets, and a 16-day government shutdown, with also the threat of perhaps shutting down the Department of Homeland Security, averted at the eleventh hour last month.    It is not surprising that these events, along with political attacks disparaging the Federal workforce by some elected officials, including in this body, have actually had a toll on Federal morale. Imagine.    The problem isn't just within Federal agency management. Part of the problem is the political management problem right here in the halls of Congress. We have to take responsibility for the impacts we are having on your workforce.    What is even more worrisome is that majorities in both the House and Senate recently passed budgets for fiscal year 2016 that would further slash agency spending below sequestration levels by $760 billion over 10 years. These measures call for additional Federal workforce-related cuts, more than $280 billion over 10 years in the House proposal alone.    I am worried about the negative impact of low employee engagement and satisfaction and employment productivity, agency mission, retention of valuable employees, and recruitment of the next generation. We especially need to be mindful of the long-term negative effects on the service the Federal Government provides to the American people because, ultimately, that is what we are going to be focused on.    Last March I joined with Ranking Members Cummings and Lynch in requesting that GAO conduct a study of Federal engagement trends as well as potential root causes. We asked GAO to provide recommendations for improving workforce morale. I know that GAO is completing that study and is here to testify about some preliminary findings. And I welcome Mr. Goldenkoff to the table.    I understand the National Archives and Records Administration, the Department of Homeland Security, and Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board have ranked poorly in these surveys. This hearing offers us an opportunity to discuss their particular challenges and the steps they are taking to address them.    It is also important to note there are many Federal agencies that are performing better than the ones before us today, including entities that boast higher satisfaction and commitment scores than the average private sector score of 72.    For example, NASA ranked number one of the large agencies with a score of 74.6. The top six mid-sized agencies--FDIC, GAO, Smithsonian Institution, Federal Trade Commission, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission--all scored higher than the private sector.    I am encouraged that, despite the decline in the indices of employee engagement and work satisfaction, the 2014 Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey data demonstrates that Federal employees, nonetheless, have persevered through a lot of adversity and remain dedicated and overwhelmingly positive about their service to the country, which the chairman alluded to.    Ninety percent of our Federal employees believe that the work they do is important. Ninety-six percent of our Federal employees are willing to put in the extra effort to get the job done. Ninety percent are constantly looking for ways to do a better job. That gives us a lot to work with and renews my faith in who are these public servants. They are dedicated fellow Americans who want to make this a better country.    And I really appreciate that sentiment being expressed by the chairman, who recognizes that in his own interactions with our public servants.    So thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing. I certainly look forward to hearing the testimony and having a chance to have a dialogue with our witnesses.    Mr. Connolly. No problem. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ferriero, how many employees have you got?    Mr. Connolly. Three thousand.    And would it be fair to say you are kind of focused on the organizing principle of a core mission that is fairly clear, employees understand what their mission is?    Mr. Connolly. And they love it.    Ms. Emerson, how many employees have you got?    Mr. Connolly. And how many agencies--subagencies were amalgamated to create the Department of Homeland Security.    Mr. Connolly. Twenty-two agencies.    And so would it be fair to say, unlike, say, Mr. Ferriero, although you have got an overarching mission, the security of the homeland, once you get below that--that amalgam of 22 agencies, you have got lots of different missions?    Mr. Connolly. No. No. We got that.    Mr. Connolly. We got that.    But when we look at Secret Service, it has got a specific focus. Coast Guard has a very different focus. You know, Border Patrol has a different--you know.    And would it be fair to say that it is a little misleading to even give a grade to the Department of Homeland Security as a whole because, actually, when you look at your constituent parts, there is enormous variety in the scores of morale and employee satisfaction?Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. So, for example, Coast Guard has a very high score.Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. And perhaps Secret Service at the moment has a fairly low score relative to that.    Mr. Connolly. Yeah. They have been dropping.    So I think that is really important, that in the case of the Archives, we have got a focused agency, clear core mission, and the employees love that mission and are imbued with it, and it is a fairly focused kind of set of activities we have got to concentrate on because the numbers are manageable and small and all that relative to you.    The Department of Homeland Security is, you know, a huge enterprise, and it is really misleading in some ways to give you one score because, implicitly, it suggests a homogeneity that, in fact, is not correct, is not accurate.    Mr. Goldenkoff, I assume, as GAO is looking at this process, it is taking cognizance of that difference.    Mr. Connolly. Yes.    And I don't want to overstate it. And the chairman was kind enough to note that I was a little agitated as you were answering his question because I do think that Congress has to take responsibility for some of this. We're not bystanders or observers.    And sometimes, listening to ourselves, you know, we might as well put up a sign, ``The flogging will continue until morale improves.'' We're, in part, responsible for that. I gave a litany of actions we have taken that have certainly not contributed to improved morale.    And I would hope--and I know the chairman absolutely is committed to trying to do what he can to turn that around. We need to be speaking in respectful tones about our workforce. We need to be motivating them and incentivizing them. We need to be fair. We need to avoid the demagogic or the pandering, even though the temptation politically may be great. Because back home, you know, beating up on nameless bureaucrats, you know, can help you.    Defending the Federal employee is of low political yield in many districts, not mine, but many. And avoiding that, you know, I think is really important. And I really respect the chairman for the fact that he is committed to that, too. And he is in a different kind of district than mine. And I really appreciate that commitment.    Mr. Ehrlich, let's take a look at the ranking of the Chemical Safety Board. The Partnership ranks your board 10th out of 10, the lowest of the low of small agencies, with a score of 33.7.    Now, that's almost half the average and well below the high of 76 and well below the private sector. And that represents a 2.9-point fall from just the year before and a huge decline from what it was just 2 years ago, when it was 54.2.    So you've seen a precipitous drop in morale in the Chemical Safety Board.Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. You said ``we think we understand why.'' Perhaps you can elaborate. Why?    Mr. Connolly. The CSB, of which you are a board member, hired a consulting company called Vantage Human Resource. And in September of last year, it found that 80 percent of staff expressed ``much frustration with top leadership'' and further felt ``conflict among board members is having a negative impact.'' And 47 percent said there is a perception of a climate where senior leaders discourage dissenting opinions.    Now, you are part of that leadership.Maybe not a long-termer.You are part of that board. Your observations about the findings of your own consulting firm that you retained--the board retained to look at these issues.    Mr. Connolly. If the chair will indulge just one follow-up question, did it surprise you, Mr. Ehrlich, or your colleagues that the actions or statements, or both, of the board actually had an impact in terms--a fairly dramatic impact in the morale of the workforce itself.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.