    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Orner, let me just continue on here. Obviously, we are talking hundreds of weapons that have been stolen or somehow lost over the last several years. Do you have any idea how many of those weapons were used in crimes?    Mr. Hice. Have any of the firearms been recovered?    Mr. Hice. How many?    Mr. Hice. All right. So there are still 56. I mean, this is unacceptable. There have been people killed in America with weapons that were stolen or lost, whatever the case may be, by Federal agents. And the Customs and Border Patrol seems particularly egregious with this. Why does CBP stand out?    Mr. Hice. That is not an excuse to lose a weapon.    Mr. Hice. So my question is why are they the worst at losing their weapons?    Mr. Hice. Well, your answer frankly makes no sense. What in the world does failure to properly secure a weapon mean? If it is as you state inexcusable, there is no excuse to be losing a weapon, and yet the CBP continues to lose weapons. They are the worst at it. Why can they not secure a weapon? What does failure to properly secure a weapon mean?    Mr. Hice. That is not my question.    Mr. Hice. So why is following directions so difficult? Where are we dropping the ball here?    Mr. Hice. Well, overwhelmingly, a sizable number of them evidently don't follow direction. And we have got to get to the bottom of this. It is inexcusable for Americans to have to fear being injured or killed by weapons that were issued to government agents who are incapable of properly handling their weapon. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Hice. All right. Well, I mean, that just poses more--that doesn't help at all. I mean, how are guns continually being stolen? It just goes on and on here just trying to wrap my mind around this.    Mr. Kane, let me jump over to you. What is a cause of the numerous inventory errors that OIG has pointed out?    Mr. Hice. So is that going to help you determine what is in inventory error versus what kind of weapon or ammunition has been stolen or missing?    Mr. Hice. So is that a yes or a no? Are we going to be able to determine the difference between an inventory error and that which is stolen or missing? It is not a difficult question. That is what inventory is all about. We have got to know where these ammunitions and weapons are going.    I see that my time is expired, Mr. Chairman. I thank you. But we have got to get to the bottom of this. Americans should never fear the irresponsibility of our government agents who are incapable of keeping properly a weapon issued by our government.    And with that, Chairman, I yield back. Thank you.