    Mr. Sawyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Bass, for your ongoing support in this matter. I ask the chairman's consent to submit my entire written testimony for the record and submit additional parents' testimony as well.    Mr. Sawyer. Thank you. Although his mother and father were divorced, my son Wayne benefitted from the Los Angeles Superior Court's orders for equal time with both parents. I dropped him off to visit his mother on Sunday, December 14, 2008, expecting to see him again on Thursday, and then on the weekend bring him over to the 26th Street Park in Santa Monica where we would feed the ducks, which was something he enjoyed to do quite a bit.    But he was kidnapped from Los Angeles and taken to Japan the next day at the age of 2 years, 4 months old. I have not been able to see him or speak with him since, and intermittent communications with his mother have not produced any change in that status.    There are other aggravating factors in Wayne's case, including repeated deceptions by Japanese diplomats in the United States about the false passport that Wayne traveled under, along with his mother's on-camera confession to ABC News in February 2011, in which she chuckled about how easy it was to defeat the passport surrender orders of the Los Angeles Superior Court, deceive the U.S. authorities, and to get away to Japan.    The government response to Wayne's kidnapping represents a perfect storm of failure. The L.A. Superior Court's custody, travel ban, and passport surrender orders, designed to prevent his kidnapping, were defeated easily by organized criminal activity. The court cannot, in reality, enforce its orders outside of the walls of the court. The DHS, TSA, and Customs and Border Protection do not have any serious system in place to interdict such kidnappings at the airports.    The State Department has been discussing cases like Wayne's for over 20 years with Japan with no results, even with all of the pressure and attention that this committee has generated over the years, the last several years in particular. There is, I believe, an obvious institutional drift regarding the roles of the Justice Department and State Department in international child kidnappings. And perpetrators exploit the absence of an integrated U.S. Government response with little fear of facing justice.    Let us, for example, contrast the governmental response to domestic interstate kidnappings. There are Amber Alerts, interstate police mobilizations, special FBI teams, systematic investigation, arrest, and leveraging of accomplices, apprehension of perpetrators, and frequent returns of the children. It is an integrated response and there are prosecutions and deterrence.    People would rightly be outraged if the states handled domestic kidnappings like the Federal Government and the Hague handles the international ones, for good reason. The law says that children like Wayne are victims of crime, no different than children kidnapped from California to Texas. On the State level, the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act says that international child kidnappings are to be treated the same as domestic ones across State borders.    The legislative notes in the 1993 International Parental Kidnapping Crime Act state that the Justice Department should have primacy in international child kidnappings, with the Department of State in a subservient role.    Now, since ICAPRA passed, the defined roles have gradually reversed to the point where the State Department, which is not a law enforcement agency, has taken the lead, and the Justice Department has filed fewer and fewer IPCA cases. A 2008 FBI Inspector General report found that the IPCA cases declined by half from 2000 through 2007.    The FBI has the same affirmative duty under the law to investigate and prosecute international child kidnappings, just as they do domestic child kidnappings. But because State, as a practice, does not file extradition warrants for IPCA cases, FBI agents are disincentivized from working up the cases.    Now, State has received this quietly surrendered authority over the crimes. In addition to that, 11 sections of the International Child Abduction Remedies Act, which was the U.S. Hague implementation law, has been removed from the U.S. Code and put under the State Department. We should also consider that the Hague's best practices guide states that when there is a new contracting state, the first and primary choice for the Central Authority should be the Ministry of Justice, or its equivalent.    This opportunity was apparently missed when the United States acceded to the Hague and then named the State Department as its Central Authority. I believe this might have made a difference in the criminal kidnapping cases had the Justice Department, in the first place, been there.    There is also the issue of conflict of interest. And to paraphrase attorney Patricia Apy in a previous hearing, the client of the State Department is not the American citizen crime victim in the street. The client of the State Department is the U.S. Government and its foreign policy objectives.    I suggest that this chamber build on its expertise and its formidable work, and that future legislative goals of this chamber will be enhanced if it can fuse the successful approaches of the domestic kidnapping law enforcement model, and the root principles of UCCJEA, IPCA, and Hague best practices, into a rapid response whenever a criminal international child kidnapping takes place. In kidnapping crimes against children, I believe that the long arm of the law has produced more consistent results than the long conversations of diplomats.    In 2009, I became an officer of Global Future. In 2010, we helped bring the two Mendoza children home to New Jersey from South Korea. New Jersey law enforcement took the lead, with a very significant assist from the State Department. And, in 2011, we helped bring Karina Garcia home to Wisconsin from Japan. She was the first kidnapped child ever returned from Japan through the criminal law enforcement process. Since then, we have helped three other children return from Asia, Europe, and South America.    Of course, Japan's overdue accession to the Hague in April 2014 was not retroactive, and return applications could not be filed in cases like Wayne's. Since then, parents have been asked to then file access cases in Japan's new Hague courts. And, for me, I find this particularly on the offensive side. Wayne would not be in Japan in the first place were it not for criminal acts committed on U.S. soil and from the mischief of a foreign government.    The State Department has not demonstrated an inclination over the years to serve law enforcement warrants or extradition requests. By accepting this scenario, the U.S. Government has converted crimes against children into civil procedures, and, in effect, conceded the criminal acts to the kidnappers.    The Assistant Secretary of State at the time, Kurt Campbell, said a few years ago that talk of extradition made Japan nervous. Then by all means, let us start talking about extradition again, and have law enforcement and the State Department working lock-step, in tandem, side by side.    Wayne is the victim of a crime with ongoing constitutional rights to due process in the justice system, and all departments of the U.S. Government should treat him as such. The Constitution entitles him to equal protection under the law. He deserves justice like any other crime victim. He is not diplomatic chattel to be traded in exchange for unrelated geopolitical considerations.    The President is also the nation's top law enforcement officer, and I would like to someday hear that all U.S. Government departments are committed to enforcing the laws as a strategy, as one of the tools in the box, to return kidnapped children.    In conclusion, I hope that the committee will take up the suggestion a Congressman made in one of the previous hearings of this committee, that the Foreign Affairs and Judiciary Committees should have a joint ``no holds barred'' discussion and develop an integrated, sustained, and timely way to respond to international child kidnapping crimes.    I believe the expertise and knowledge of this committee, and of the Judiciary Committee, is vast, separately and together. I have every confidence that the two committees working together will produce a plan of action that will build on your formidable body of work in this area and leave a legacy of fewer and fewer kidnapped children for generations to come.    I would add that, of course, we have heard a lot about the parents suffering on this, but I would always remind people that no one loses more from these crimes than the children. Speaking for myself, I had a childhood. I have fond memories of both parents. My son does not have that, because a crime was committed against him and so far has gone unanswered.    Again, I implore both committees to work together, and I look forward to great success from both to come.    Thank you.    Mr. Sawyer. Well, it was something that some of us parents talked at great length with Kurt Campbell about when he was the Assistant Secretary of State. The problem is that the FBI has been disincentivized from working up the cases.    And what I have heard from the FBI is, if they are going to work up a case, they want to see it end with an extradition warrant. And if they are going to prepare the warrant and the State Department won't serve it, then why go work up the warrant? And then it is--and the parents were----    Mr. Sawyer. Well, that is it. They work up the case. The FBI agents are busy in these child abductions. They have got domestic ones. They have got international ones. And then on the state-to-state abductions, they have vast success with getting extradition warrants from another State.    They prepare a foreign extradition warrant, and the State Department won't serve them in Japan, and----    Mr. Sawyer. I think that, then, your committee could bring its influence to bear and get together with the Judiciary Committee. It is important to communicate that this drift that has happened has to be reconciled and brought back under the original intent of the IPCA laws and the UCCJEA. The United States has continuing jurisdiction in these cases, and our children's rights as crime victims do not change because they have been taken overseas.    It is then with the committees working together and basically reminding each other that there is an affirmative duty for law enforcement to execute its duty, and then with those warrants, it will be what Kurt Campbell had said; talk of that made Japanese nervous.    Executing a warrant that is delivery ready, then gets the attention of the foreign government to where you can bargain. And the President is also the nation's top law enforcement officer. He says, ``I have got extradition warrants out for''--    Mr. Sawyer. Yes. I think better working together, the players, the players on the field work together as a team, and we will get better results.    Mr. Sawyer. If I may, Congressman, sanctions is a fine idea. I always believed that hitting Japan in the wallet is going to ultimately help us get further. But it also brings up another opportunity for this committee to work with others. There are a lot of outstanding and unresolved issues with Japan over non-tariff trade barriers, and the beef, apples, and rice industries are not too happy with Japan's policies in those areas, as are auto makers and electronics makers.    And after the sanctions, coordinating with other committees to focus on trade policy will be yet another lever to get Japan's attention.    Mr. Sawyer. I remember Mr. Aronson's testimony quite well, too. That was really outstanding.    I would say, speaking of consequences, sanctions are terrific. I would say with sanctions and with the coordination with law enforcement serving extradition warrants, those two things together are mutually supportive of each other. You will get more bang out of whatever sanctions diplomatically, by enforcing extradition warrants, and vice versa. I think it is a really terrific idea. And putting those two together will really get Japan's attention.    And as far as extradition warrants, we saw that legal extradition process work in the Karina Garcia case in Milwaukee, and that is a model to build on. And I look forward to those two departments cooperating.    Thank you.