    Mr. Veasey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I wanted to ask you a question about ground coalitions or Arab allies coming together to help defeat ISIL, particularly in Syria.    You know, last week, we heard from General Petraeus, and he basically implied that the U.S. needs to take more of a support role and help them to defeat ISIL. And then Secretary James Baker, also a Texan, he has said the fact that the Arab allies needing to come together to create a coalition to build a ground force.    If you were going to build a ground force of--an Arab coalition ground force, particularly with Sunni soldiers that would go into Syria, to be able to go door to door and tell people in these towns and in these cities and communities that ISIL is basically an insult and gives Islam a bad name all around the world, what would that ground force look like, with the U.S. obviously only providing air support?    Mr. Veasey. And the reason why I brought that up is because one of you had mentioned a little bit earlier about the fact that, more than social media, the fact that there--or the perception of Western forces are in there influencing really is more of a danger than the social media itself.    Mr. Morell, I wanted to ask you a question also. You had made mention a little bit earlier, you talked about the Crusades and the fact that Christianity has, you know, come to a point now to where it is not--that, you know, we have moved beyond that in Christianity and that Islam needs to be able to get to that point at some time.    But I want to ask you, more so than the teachings of Islam--and there has been a lot out there about whether or not there is a certain percentage of Muslims around the world that subscribe to more of a violent form of Medina Islam versus, you know, the Mecca that is more commonly known.    But don't you think that really the problems that we are seeing in the Middle East and the radicalization really stems from a shift that happened in the 1970s with the Ayatollah and other religious leaders in that part of the world basically trying to, you know, put more of a radical form of Islam throughout their countries?    Mr. Veasey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.    The Chairman. It is interesting to think, if we could go back and do something different, could we? Would we? I don't know the answer to that.    Mr. O'Rourke, you had another question.