    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Deputy Secretary Blinken, thanks for being here today. Thanks for you service to our country and thanks for always being accessible to this committee. We appreciate it very much.    I would like to get back to talking about China. There's been a lot of discussion this morning about trade. I'd actually like to shift to foreign direct investment and in particular two areas: The area of security and the area of reciprocity.    Through One Belt, One Road, and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, China has demonstrated a significant interest and willingness to invest abroad both in private and public capacity. But the domestic ownership requirements in China and some security review that takes place I referred to, I think, as an opaque security review, in China continues to frustrate American investors there. So I'd just like to know, as they pursue more outlets for foreign investment, what are our options for encouraging reciprocity? Why don't you answer that first and then I'll get to the security issue.    Mr. Deutch. Great. Then on the--and particularly on the issue of Chinese direct investment in the United States, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S.--CFIUS--has turned down a number of high-profile Chinese acquisitions on national security grounds.    Other deals fell apart and they were abandoned in anticipation of difficulties with CFIUS. But CFIUS only reviews a small number of transactions every year and I have two questions.    One, how might CFIUS alter their approach if there is a bilateral investment treaty with China and I guess the bigger question is with the really significant amounts of capital that the Chinese are looking to invest in the United States, does the CFIUS process still work?    Is it sufficient, given what might be coming, to safeguard our national economic security interests, the cyber interests--all of the sorts of things that we've been discussing already here today. Does this creation that has been around since the mid-70s still work or should we be looking at this in a new light?    Mr. Deutch. Great. I would welcome that and happy to discuss that further with you, too. Thank you very much. Thanks, Madam Chair.