    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is a real shame that we are here today to continue what is nothing more than a Republican assault on women's rights. I had hoped that our committee could rise above the fray, that we would not use misleading and unsubstantiated videos by antichoice extremists to attack Planned Parenthood, an organization who is responsible for providing care to millions of women across the Nation.    This concerted effort by Republicans under the guise of falsified videos is not about strengthening current law. It is about restricting access to women's health care. And if Republicans continue down this path, it will lead to a Government shutdown.    Make no mistake, Republican policies under consideration here today would roll back the clock on longstanding provider choice protections that allow a woman to see a doctor that she trusts. Their end goal is to eliminate a woman's constitutional right to choose.    These proposals will have an immediate and chilling effect on access to care. They would give States the unprecedented ability to unilaterally eliminate providers from State Medicaid programs and eliminate providers from all Federal health programs wholesale based purely on unsubstantiated allegations, and that means suspicion alone.    With the attempted efforts by States like Indiana and Louisiana, this will surely give credence to their actions, and this is not the American way. Like abortion, due process is a fundamental right.    I can't stand by and allow this committee and this Congress to support a witch hunt against Planned Parenthood, and I will not support undue, unconstitutional Government intervention into a women's personal decisions with her doctor. Republicans must end this extreme agenda to roll back the clock on women's rights.    I have, I think, about 3 minutes left, Mr. Chairman. I would like to split that between Representative Matsui and Representative Capps. So I will yield first to Representative Matsui.    Mr. Pallone. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I wanted to ask these questions of Ms. Waxman. We are having this hearing today because of a series of videos that purport to show illegal and unethical activity on the part of Planned Parenthood, but what they actually show is something very different.    Professor Waxman, did you know that the first four short videos released by Mr. Daleiden have over 40 separate splices and edits that remove crucial context?    Mr. Pallone. Did you know that the edits removed key exculpatory statements, such as, and I quote: ``Nobody should be selling tissue. That is just not the goal here.'' Or second, quote: ``This is not a service they should be making money from. It is something they should be able to offer to their patients in a way that doesn't impact them,'' unquote. Or, quote, thirdly: ``We are not looking to make money from this. Our goal is to keep access available.''    Mr. Pallone. Right. And the statements where the Planned Parenthood individuals are saying that, you know, that they would not do any of these things have been taken out.    Let me ask you this: Do these seem like relevant statements to include in the videos?    Mr. Pallone. Did you know that in one of the videos, there are at least 16 substantial unexplained edits, including the removal of nine instances where the Planned Parenthood staff said there is no profit related to tissue donation?    Mr. Pallone. Does that seem like relevant material to include in the video?    Mr. Pallone. And does it seem misleading and fundamentally dishonest to remove statements like that?    Mr. Pallone. Now, see, that is why the videos have been denounced as a total crock, distorted, unfair, dishonest, grossly misleading, and politically irresponsible, and swiftboating in editorials across the country. And it is also why a forensic analysis by expert investigators concluded that the videos have no evidentiary value and cannot be relied upon.    Yet our committee Republicans launched an investigation based on these discredited videos, and now they are using these videos as a pretext for shutting down the Government--and, of course, as part of the hearing today--to say that States cannot allow Planned Parenthood to receive any Medicaid funding.    I just think it is so irresponsible, you know, to use this type of material, false, false material, false videos, inaccurate videos, misleading videos, to make any case at what is supposed to be a legislative hearing.    And, you know, this is what is so upsetting to us on the Democratic side, is that these are presented as if, you know, they have some evidentiary value to make a decision about the legislation that is before the committee, and the fact is that they have no evidentiary value.    And that is why we issued a report a few days ago, I think Ms. Schakowsky mentioned it, saying basically that while it may be true that the committee continues to conduct investigation--at least, you know, the Republicans want to continue the investigation--nothing that has come before this committee gives us any indication that Planned Parenthood has done anything illegal, anything improper. And if they want to use these videos to make that case, then I think the Republicans have to show the unedited version, and that is not what we are getting. And the chairman even said the committee doesn't have the unedited version.    So, you know, this is really a charade. As some of my colleagues on the Democratic side said, it is a new low for a committee that usually operates not only on a bipartisan basis, but also based on the facts and the evidence, and we are not getting the facts and the evidence here today, Mr. Chairman. We are simply not. Thank you.    Mr. Pallone. Yes, sure.