    Ms. Scaduto. Thank you, Chairwoman Foxx, and good morning.    And good morning, Ranking Member Hinojosa and Chairman Kline.    I thank you for the opportunity to be here today. As a higher education senior administrator with a long history of involvement in the issue of sexual misconduct on our nation's campuses, I am here today because we share the committee's commitment to educating our nation's students in safe and supportive environments.    American colleges and universities are happy to work in partnership with the government and others on finding solutions that will help bring about cultural change and put an end to this most serious problem. As we move forward, I want to take a few minutes to share with you some of the challenges higher education is facing in our efforts and to propose some ways in which our government and this subcommittee can further help us achieve greater success in preventing and responding to sexual violence.    As I make my comments this morning, I will use the term ``victim'' out of expediency and because it is referenced in the Campus SAVE Act, but without any personal preference as to terminology.    First, please recognize that the reports of sexual violence we receive on our campuses are not straightforward or easy to resolve. The sexual violence claims we see most frequently do not involve force or attacks by strangers, but happen between individuals who are acquainted, where one or both are intoxicated, and where the primary issue is whether consent to a sexual act was given. We are left to resolve word-on-word conflicts between two people whose memories may be impaired and where there are no witnesses.    Add to this the fact that reports may not be made for days, weeks, or months following an event, and I can hope you see the complexity of resolving such issues in a manner that the parties believe to be fair.    And while speaking of fairness, colleges and universities are committed to providing fair treatment to all of our students, including not only victims of sexual violence but also to those accused of sexual violence. The changes over the last 4 years have resulted in complexities and challenges in maintaining the necessary balance.    For example, on a small campus, removing an accused student from a class in order to keep the student away from an alleged victim before any determination of responsibility can be made may result in the accused student being forced out of a class where there are no other sections or being forced out of a class shortly before graduation. We are also often trying to navigate the complexities of VAWA, Clery, and Title IX laws, regulations, and guidance, as well as state laws simultaneously and without the confidence that we can do so to the satisfaction of all.    Employees' duties to report under various standards differ. What and how we are supposed to advise victims of their options for moving forward when they report a sexual assault are just two examples of those complexities.    Additionally, the current laws and guidance do not appear to recognize that college disciplinary proceedings are not equipped to replace law enforcement or judicial functions. The members of our campus communities who are expected to meet and discharge the new standards established for resolving sexual violence claims are faculty, staff, and, historically, students--not judges nor lawyers.    To support colleges' and universities' efforts to improve culture around this serious issue and to help us in our efforts to hold violators accountable through processes that are fair, equitable, and impartial, I recommend the following four points for your consideration: First, pause in considering legislation that adds additional requirements to those already complex network of federal and state laws, regulations, and OCR guidance until there has been an opportunity to evaluate whether the efforts to date are working. As a reminder, the VAWA regulations only went into effect July 1st of this year.    Second, consider creating a safe harbor for higher education that does not relieve us from accountability for failures to comply, but which provides us with certain presumptions of good faith when reviewing our conduct. For example, when we are applying fact-based tests established by various laws, such as in deciding whether to investigate or not over a victim's objection, if we miss the mark but are found to have acted in good faith in our efforts, provide us with protection from penalties or administrative action.    Third, if new requirements are considered at some point in the future, OCR should follow notice and comment requirements of the Administrative Procedures Act. The Title IX guidance put into place since 1991--since 2001 was done without notice or comment from parties outside the agency, depriving colleges and universities, victims and survivors, and other interested parties of the opportunity to provide input that may have been helpful in improving clarity and alignment with existing laws and regulations.    I will leave my fourth point for your reading.    Thank you for listening and considering my perspective as a higher education administrator.    Ms. Scaduto. I apologize.    Yes, we are. I think it is a concern shared not only on Dickinson's campus in Carlisle, but on campuses around the country.    If we were able to harmonize--and we understand that the promulgation of legislation and regulations is done with the best of intentions in protecting our students, and it is a goal we support. But when we are spending our time trying to harmonize our compliance with the various statutes, it takes away from where I think we as educators excel, and that is in educating. And that is on the side of prevention and training that Dr. Rue spoke so eloquently about.    When we have different reporting requirements, for example, under Clery and under the OCR guidance, who--we have the same group of employees who are interacting with the same students but we are getting different standards for who must report and what they must report when they learn of an incident of sexual misconduct. And when that type of analysis detracts from making--getting the report made and responding to a student in need, it is problematic.    There are ways to improve harmonization, such as the notice and comment period that could be used by OCR when it enacts new guidance, because even there are distinct differences between that and the VAWA regulations or the Clery regulations, for example.    So yes, the disharmony does present complications and takes us off the real important work we need to do around this issue.    Ms. Scaduto. Happy to do so, Chairwoman Foxx.    Through the negotiated rule-making there was a group of I believe 14--28 with our alternates, who were very much a part of the process--and we represented divergent points of views, every view, however, being equally committed to dealing with the issue of sexual violence.    We had higher education administrators, like Dr. Rue, at the table; we had counsel, like me; we had security officers from higher ed; we had survivors and victims of rape, male and female both represented; we had advocacy groups at the table. And we did very hard work.    We came together over a 3-month period and we looked at proposed language proffered by the Department of Education, and we had the opportunity to talk about whether we should drill down in a particular area and impose a single standard on a particular issue and talk about, as Dr. Rue mentioned earlier, the fact that we need language which is fluid because colleges and universities are so different across this country: large, small, public, private, online, commuter--all those different issues.    And it was very difficult work, but I am confident that the product we ended up with at the end of that process was a better reflection of the wider community in rules and regulations that work on college campuses than without it.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much.    Mr. Hinojosa, I recognize you for 5 minutes.    Ms. Scaduto. Certainly, Mr. Hinojosa. It is my privilege to do so.    Let's take the example--there are a couple of examples I can give you. If you take the OCR guidance, in it we are supposed to advise a victim of her right to report. Clery uses the language that we have to advise the victim of her right not to report.    Is there an intended difference between those? And when you put those--you take that and you put it up against a state law, where, if you take Clery and you have to advise an individual of her right not to report but there is a state law that mandates reporting of felonies by the institution, have we created a conflict between--in executing on a plan that everyone wants the same outcome but we have this swirl of differences and we are not quite sure how to comply with all of them?    And in our best efforts to do so, if we err by reporting under the state law when we have Clery telling us we have to report--advise a woman of her right--or a victim of her right not to report, provide us with protection and support that if, in our best efforts to comply, we miss the mark, that we won't be held accountable for penalties or agency action. That is just one example.    Ms. Scaduto. All I can say is the programs at Dickinson are similar. We have specialized training for African-American men in healthy choices and healthy habits, called MANdatory. We do many of the same things that Dr. Rue is doing.    There is no question but that we can do more in cultural-specific impact, but right now we are putting in place--the issue is so prevalent that right now the issue is getting all of our students trained. It is using things like Green Dot and healthy relationships and sexuality training on our campuses for all students.    And I do imagine that as time passes we will become more proficient at looking at specific communities and how they are impacted.    Ms. Scaduto. Higher education would greatly appreciate frameworks rather than one--it goes to what Dr. Rue said earlier, one-size-fits-all. Let's take, for example, the differences in how--in training or education of different constituencies on various campuses.    Let's just take, for example, if it were determined by good research that having students in a chair to receive training on sexual--on violence prevention is the best method, but you are a commuter campus, you are a community college, or your students don't live there, you don't have the opportunities to reach them outside the classroom, as you do on a residential campus. If you are an online school--and there was an online school represented in negotiated rule-making, and her perspective kept popping up, and I have to admit, I was like, ``Oh, I hadn't thought about that.''    We need standards for reaching them with--rather than a--other than bright-line test. Even the question of what is a student. If you are an--if a student is taking one class as an adult learner who is taking one class, is that part of the cohort that raises the risk of sexual violence on your campus, or is it the 18-to 22-year-olds who live in residence?    These are all complexities about the differences in who we are as institutions and how we most effectively reach those who need the information. If we are going to engage in cultural change and cultural shift, we have to have the flexibility on the various campuses across this country to reach those different audiences in different ways.    Ms. Scaduto. No, it does not. It is a very insightful question.    The best guidance we get on dealing effectively with survivors of sexual assault tells us that they need the control to decide how to go--if they want to go forward, when they want to go forward, and how they want to go forward. Although the guidance is inconsistent, we get guidance both from OCR and under the VAWA regs about--that mandate that we give them their options and tell them.    And it is funny, as I have listened to the conversation from Congresswoman Davis and others about the use of report, it is banging around in my head because we use report very specifically on campuses, and a report means someone coming forward and telling someone. That is a report, and that is it at its essence.    And if they do that then we wrap our arms around them as a community and make sure that they get the resources they want, they know their options, and if they want confidential reporting, we can direct them in that.    But if they come to us and they tell us, that report does not move forward under most circumstances--whether it is internally through our conduct processes, or externally through law enforcement, or both--without their consent and participation. There are exceptions, as you can expect. I mean, you are lawmakers; you know there are exceptions.    If we have an ongoing threat to our community we might have to move forward without the consent of the person who brought the report forward, and that also is an example of why safe harbors are important. If we are being guided by the wishes of the victim but we have an ongoing threat on our campus and we make that decision to move forward, being protected from action by administrative agencies would be helpful.    Ms. Scaduto. I would be happy to at least pile on, if you will, on the issue.    The goals and objectives of our internal discipline processes are different than those of the criminal justice system, and I think what has been lost over the last 4.5 years in the efforts of government and other interested parties to make sure that there is accountability for sexual violence on our campuses is the waters are muddied right now about what is the purpose of an on-campus disciplinary proceeding?    I will not call it a judicial proceeding. We are not going to find someone guilty of a crime; we are going to be looking at conduct in the framework of our campus community and our campus culture.    As Congress moves forward, as OCR moves forward, we need to tease out--and I addressed this in my written comments to this subcommittee--we need to tease out what is the purpose that you see for an on-campus discipline process. I can't speak for Dr. Rue, and I would ask her to answer quickly on her own behalf, but I believe there are very different purposes.    And please keep in mind that not every incident of sexual--of a violation of our sexual misconduct policies is sexual assault. It--