    Mr. Sherman. I thank the chairwoman and the chairman for holding these hearings.    With the tragedy of September 11th, we understood that Afghanistan can have a profound effect on the United States. We have lost 2,300 service members killed, over 20,000 wounded. We spent $100 million in foreign assistance, and our total costs have exceeded $1 trillion, including our military costs. Pakistan is a nation of 180 million people with a history of terrorist activities, roughly 100 nuclear weapons, and a very confused body politic.    The administration's requested $740 million in assistance for Pakistan, more than $265 million of this is for military assistance. As noted by the chairman of the Asia subcommittee, we have got to be concerned what military assistance and whether the F-16s constitute the least expensive, most efficient way for the Pakistani Air Force to go after the terrorists, and the least disruptive weapon system to the balance of power between India and Pakistan. We need to offer to Pakistan those weapon systems well crafted to go after terrorists and not crafted for a war with India.    I join also the chairman of our subcommittee on the importance of Dr. Afridi, and would not be surprised if Congress made a big portion of this aid contingent upon the release of Dr. Afridi and his family.    One question I hope the gentlemen answer for us historically, and that is, why we did not install in Kabul a government acceptable to Islamabad back 15 years ago, or whether there are elements in the Pakistani military who look at the pushed-on population of both countries and have reached the conclusion that they want a weak and divided Afghanistan, under any circumstances, as a matter of Pakistani national unity and national security.    Many Americans wonder why we are still involved in Afghanistan. Many say why don't we just turn our back on the greater Middle East? I should point out that we were under-involved and under-responded when our Embassy was bombed in East Africa, both Embassies. We under-responded when the U.S. Cole was hit in Yemen, and then we faced 9/11. We can and did and may again ignore the Middle East, but the Middle East will not ignore us.    The way for a terrorist organization to hit the--to be in the vanguard of some mythical world conflagration is to attack the United States. We have to win over the people of the Muslim world, and in order to do that, we need to speak their language. That is why many on this committee have heard me talk of the importance of broadcasting in the Sindh language of southern Pakistan, and in the other languages where for $1 million, $2 million a year we can reach out to huge segments of the Pakistani population.    But not only the linguistic language, but the language of Islam must be understood by our State Department. I worry that for every--that there is a lot more understanding of Metternich and the European power moves and diplomacy of the 1800s in the State Department than there is of the Koran.    We will never pronounce the words of the Sindhi language without an accent. We will never be the last word in Islamic interpretation. But the fact that we don't have a half a dozen--we don't have anyone in the State Department whois paid, not to issue a fatwa, but to read one and to understand the subtle allusions to particular events in the life of the prophet indicates that we don't speak their language, aren't learning their language, and are not in a good position to win what will be a continuing effort against certain elements in Islam.    Finally, on human rights, the brother of a dear friend of mine, Anwar Leghari was assassinated in Sindh. Other Sindhi activists, including Kausar Ansari, have been detained. And it is important that we speak out for human rights, the rights of religious minorities in Pakistan. The VOA is asking us for another $16 million, yet they have not detailed how they are going to reach out to the Muslim world in the various different languages that they should be communicating in.    And my time has expired. I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. I want to join with the ranking member of the Asia Subcommittee and everyone else in Congress in talking about Dr. Afridi. I think the Pakistanis understand that you will give them the money whether they turn Afridi over or not, but I hope you convey that Congress probably won't, and next year, I would suggest Congress is much less likely to.    So what would happen if we simply didn't provide the aid until Dr. Afridi and his family were released? We could reprogram that money to other parts of the war on Islamic extremist terrorism, and defend ourselves perhaps much more effectively than aid through Pakistan. What would be the Pakistani response if we cut all aid until Dr. Afridi was released?    Mr. Sherman. There are many things we could do with that money that don't involve giving it to the people who are holding Dr. Afridi. Your focus is Afghanistan and Pakistan. There are things we could do in the war on terrorism outside your jurisdiction that could perhaps do more to safeguard America and its interests. And the Pakistanis shouldn't think that we have unlimited resources so we might as well spend them on anything that seems useful.    I want to shift to Sindh. Vice Chairman Kehar Ansari has been kidnapped, arrested. He is the vice chairman of the leading Sindh party. We have got assassinations that have not been investigated, including Anwar Laghari, but also a host of others, Mr. Raja Dahir, Mr. Samiullah Kalhoro, Mr. Sirai Khuhawar, and Mr. Maqsood Qureshi. Is this something you are bringing up in Islamabad or just leaving to the Karachi Consulate?    Mr. Sherman. Have you personally raised either Mr. Laghari's case or Mr. Ansari's case? Well to how high a level have you personally conveyed it to Pakistanis?    Mr. Sherman. So you personally haven't engaged with the top officials in Islamabad on these issues?    Mr. Sherman. Okay. I want to go on to another question. The administration routinely declined to certify that Pakistan is cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism against the Haqqani Network and others, and that it is not supporting terrorist activities against the United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan.    Why is the administration unwilling to make that certification? And does it make sense to just waive that and send them the money even if you can't make the certification?    Mr. Sherman. But can you say that they are not cooperating with the United States on counterterrorism and they are not supporting terrorist activity? What are the facts that make it impossible to make these certifications?    Mr. Sherman. My time is expired. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman. Madam Chairman, that would be a dangerous precedent----