    Chairman Kline. A quorum being present, the Committee on Education and Workforce will come to order. Welcome back, Mr. Secretary.    Chairman Kline. Thank you for joining us. When we last met, the process for implementing the Every Student Succeeds Act was just getting underway. We had a healthy discussion about the byproducts of reform that Congress passed and is presently signed into law. Those reforms are designed to restore State and local control over K-12 schools.    That is not just my personal view, it is a view held by governors, State lawmakers, teachers, parents, principals, and superintendents who recently wrote that ``The Every Student Succeeds Act is clear, education decision-making now rests with States and districts and the Federal role is to support and inform those decisions.''    It is also the view of most honest observers as the Wall Street Journal editorialized, the law represents ``the largest evolution of Federal control to the States in the quarter century.''    The reason for this hearing, and our continued oversight is to ensure the letter and the intent of the law are followed. The critical part is holding your agency accountable, Mr. Secretary, for the steps that are taken to implement the law.    When you were with us in February, you said, ``You can trust that we will abide by the letter of the law as we move forward.''    That is a strong statement and it is one of several commitments you have made that the Department would act responsibly, but actions speak louder than words. In recent words, we have seen troubling signs with the Department pulling the country in a different direction than the one Congress provided in the law. The first troubling sign is the rulemaking process itself. There are a number of concerns about the integrity of the negotiated rulemaking committee, including the makeup of the panel, a lack of rural representation, and the accuracy of statements made by the Department staff.    The point of the negotiated rulemaking process is to build consensus among those directly affected by the law. It seems the Department has decided to stack the deck. The second troubling sign surrounds the longstanding policy that Federal funds are a supplement and do not supplant State and local resources.    Prior to the Every Student Succeeds Act, this rule is applied differently depending on how many low-income students a school serves. Some schools face more onerous requirements than others. Last year, Congress decided the rule would be enforced equally across all schools. Now school districts must simply show that funds are distributed fairly, without prescribing a specific approach or outcome. The law explicitly prohibits the Secretary from interfering, yet that is precisely what you are proposing to do.    What the Department is proposing would be both illegal and harmful to students and communities. It would impose a significant financial burden on States and force countless public school districts to change as they hire and pay their teachers.    This regulatory effort is trying to achieve an end Congress deliberately rejected and the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service warrants and goes beyond ``a plain language reading of the statute.''    No doubt you have good intentions, Mr. Secretary, but you do not have the legal authority to do this. I strongly urge you to abandon this flawed scheme.    The third troubling sign is the Department's accountability proposal. Let me note that there are policies in this proposal we are pleased to see, such as how States set long-term goals and measure interim progress.    But in a number of ways, we also see the Department's bad habit for making decisions that must be left to States. This is especially troubling given the law's explicit prohibitions against Federal interference, including how States compare school performance and identify schools for support.    For years, States grappled with the rigid accountability system imposed by Washington. The Every Student Succeeds Act turns the page on that failed approach and restores these decisions back to States and local leaders.    I urge you, Mr. Secretary, to adopt a final proposal that fully reflects the letter and spirit of the law. We are raising these concerns because it is vitally important for the laws written by Congress to be faithfully executed and, just as importantly, we are raising these concerns because we want to ensure that every child has the best chance to receive a quality education.    We cannot go back to the days when the Federal Government dictated national education policy. It did not work then and it will not work now. If the Department refuses to file a letter as intended in law, you will prevent State leaders, like Dr. Pruitt from Kentucky, from doing what is right for the school districts. You will deny superintendents like Dr. Schuler of Arlington Heights, Illinois, the ability to manage schools in a way that meets the needs of their local communities. And you will make it harder for teachers like Cassie Harrelson from Aurora, Colorado, to serve the best interests of the students in the classrooms. Later, we will hear from these individuals because they represent the people we work to empower.    Every child in every school deserves an excellent education and the only way to achieve that, though, is to restore State and local control. That is what the Every Student Succeeds Act is intended to do and we will use every tool at our disposal to ensure the letter and intent of the law is followed.    With that, I will now recognize Ranking Member Bobby Scott for his opening remarks.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Pursuant to Committee Rule 7(c), all members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included into the permanent hearing record. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow such statements and other extraneous material evidence during the hearing you submitted for the additional hearing record.    It is now my pleasure to introduce our distinguished witness.    We are glad to have you here. As Mr. Scott said, the last time you were here, I believe you were still the acting Secretary, so congratulations on becoming the official Secretary of the Department of Education.    Everybody here knows your background and we are delighted that you are here. I am going to ask you now to raise your right hand.    Chairman Kline. Let the record reflect that Dr. King answered in the affirmative. Before I recognize you to give your testimony, let me just remind you of the lighting system. It will apply pretty rigorously to my colleagues, not so much to you. we will turn the 5-minute clock on; that is sort of a background reference to you. Please give your testimony as you see fit. It has been a long time since I gaveled down a cabinet Secretary for speaking too long, but if you would try to wrap up at a reasonable time because we are getting actually a surprising number of members to show up considering that the House adjourned and I am sure there was a race to the airport sometime early this morning. So I am going to make sure that all of my colleagues have a chance to engage in the conversation. Mr. Secretary?    Chairman Kline. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. I will be happy to start my feedback now. I partially quoted some of your remarks from February in my opening statement. That quote came in response to my request that you would commit to regulating consistent with the statute.    You said in full, and I am happy to read here and make sure I have got it right, ``You can trust that we will abide by the letter of the law as we move forward to do regulations, provide guidance and technical assistance to States and districts, and our intent is to work together with you and to gather input from educators, from parents, and from members of this committee as we move forward.''    I am concerned your proposal is not fully consistent with that commitment. The questions I and other members have will reflect those concerns.    I want to start by asking you about the supplement, not supplant proposal which you discussed in your opening remarks. As you know, we asked the Congressional Research Service to review the proposal and they agreed with us that your proposal, if it were promulgated as a final rule, would likely be illegal.    They said, and I quote, ``Based on the plain language of the above provisions, in conjunction with the legislative history and the statutory scheme as a whole, it, therefore, seems unlikely that Congress had intended Section 1118(b) to authorize the Education Department to establish regulations of the required Title I(a) expenditures to meet or exceed those of non-Title I(a) schools.''    I would like you to respond specifically to one of those conclusions. CRS said the plain language of the section does not appear to require equalized spending and the chair proposal failed to justify why you believe it does. Could you explain, beyond the talking points we have already heard, how a plain reading of Section 1118(b) would require the result you have proposed?    Chairman Kline. Well, I thank you for the response. However, the point I am trying to get at is that the statute, the plain language of the statute, is very, very clear and it does not say that the Secretary is allowed to decide on his own what the intent of the history of this was. The language is very, very clear and that is what the Congressional Research Service said.    Second, I want to ask one straightforward question about your accountability proposal. In looking at it in totality, my concern, you are deliberately attempting to increase the number of schools identified for interventions beyond what was intended in the statute.    Five years from now, what number or percentage of schools nationwide do you anticipate will be identified for comprehensive and target support as a result of these regulatory proposals?    Chairman Kline. So as you pointed out, you do not know and that is not to be--not a surprise. How many schools would fall into that category?    Presumably, the Department is doing some analysis of this as it goes forward and if that is so, would you please commit to providing that analysis to us so we can see how this is going to unfold? I am afraid that right now, I mean, we are early here and that is why I am glad you are here so we can get at this, it looks like there is an attempt here to increase the number of schools identified for interventions. And so we want to look at that analysis. That is not the intent of the statute, we need to see that number go up.    We wrote the language very specifically. Yeah, I have asked and you have answered that you will give us that analysis as we go forward. Let me yield for questions to Mr. Scott.    Chairman Kline. No objection.    Chairman Kline. Thank you, gentlemen. Dr. Foxx, You are recognized.    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady's time has expired. Ms. Davis, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Gentlelady's time has expired. Dr. Roe?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Ms. Adams.    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady yields back. Mr. Guthrie.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Ms. Bonamici, did you want to ask a question?    Chairman Kline. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady yields back. Mr. Byrne?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Rokita?    Chairman Kline. Gentleman yields back. Mr. Walberg.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Curbelo?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Allen.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Courtney, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Mr. Grothman?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Carter?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Bishop?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Thompson?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired. All members have had an opportunity to engage in the discussion. I want to thank you again, Mr. Secretary, for your time here today and your engagement with each of the members.    I would underscore that there is a theme here that I am sure was not lost and that is that we put a lot of effort, bipartisan effort, a lot of struggle as you mentioned and included in the administration in getting the language of the statute very, very clear. And so we will continue to be watching. We would like to stay engaged with your staff as we go for it to do everything we can to make sure that the regulations that the Department is required to publish are not just sort of, like, semi-consistent with but exactly consistent with the lettering and intent of the law. So thank you very much.    We are going to let you go back to work and start taking a look at all that feedback from those regulations and we thank you very much for being here today.    Chairman Kline. We will be seating the second panel here momentarily.    Chairman Kline. Without objection.    Chairman Kline. Welcome to our second panel today. It is now my pleasure to introduce our distinguished witnesses and I recognize Mr. Guthrie to introduce our first witness.    Chairman Kline. Thank you, Mr. Guthrie. I will continue now with the rest of the introductions. We would like to avoid any conflict down there.    Ms. Cassie Harrelson serves as a math teacher on a special assignment with the exceptional student services for Aurora public schools in Aurora, Colorado. In this role, she built special education teachers' capacity to increase student math achievement through a student-centered instructional coaching model.    Ms. Harrelson also serves as an affiliate faculty at Regis University where she instructs teachers on using formative assessments to support linguistically diverse students in their language acquisition.    Ms. Daria Hall serves as the interim vice president of government affairs and communications with the Education Trust in Washington D.C. Previous to this, Ms. Hall served as the organization's director of K-12 policy development and worked as an analyst for the Texas Legislative Council in the Milwaukee office of U.S. Senator Herb Kohl, so quite a bit of geographical movement there.    And Dr. David Schuler serves as a superintendent for a township high school in District 214, blue ribbon high school district, located in Arlington Heights, Illinois. Prior to this, he served as a Wisconsin teacher, coach, student activities and athletic director, principal, and superintendent.    Dr. Schuler also serves as president for AASA, the School Superintendents Association. Welcome, all.    Now, I ask our witnesses to please raise your right hand.    Chairman Kline. Let the record reflect the witnesses answered in the affirmative. Just a reminder in our lighting system. We will keep track of it right here. When you start your testimony, you will have a green light. When you get down to after 4 minutes, a yellow light will come on, please start thinking about wrapping up. When a red light comes on, please wrap up as expeditiously as you can. And then when you finish, members will have 5 minutes to ask questions and engage in the discussion.    We will start with Dr. Pruitt. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Kline. Thank you. Ms. Harrelson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.