    Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank both our Chairmen, Mr. Davis and Mr. Rouzer, for holding this joint hearing, and to all of our witnesses for being here with us today.    Since the 1980s, the international trade of fruit and vegetables, or specialty crops, has been characterized by tremendous growth, driven by rising incomes and the expansion of the middle class worldwide. In the U.S., consumers are motivated to pursue an even healthier diet, and have pushed U.S. imports of fresh fruits and vegetables into remarkable rates of growth.    Here are some examples: In Fiscal Year 2015, the USDA forecast that fresh fruit imports would reach $10.3 billion, 8.9 percent higher than 2014, and 23 percent above Fiscal Year 2013. And fresh vegetable imports were forecast at $7.1 billion in, seven percent above Fiscal Year 2014, and eight percent above Fiscal Year 2013.    So while the local food movement continues to grow domestically, the fresh fruit and vegetable industry is rapidly globalizing.    There is, however, a simple but potentially devastating problem in the increased demand for fresh fruits and vegetables. As globalization and imports increase, so do the risks to domestic producers from foreign pests. And one thing I have consistently heard from growers in my district is that it is vastly easier to lose business from overseas markets when it is perceived that the integrity of a product is compromised. That it is easier to lose that business than it is to gain new business.    So, of course, most people don't think of agriculture in terms of national security, but they should.    The consequences to our economy and even our health can be compromised greatly when a new pest or disease is introduced into the ecosystem. However, through research and cooperation amongst agencies, we can be prepared to meet the challenges to come, safeguarding our economy and supporting our local fruit and vegetable growers in the process.    So thank you again to everyone for being here today.    And with that, I yield back.    Ms. DelBene. There you go.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks again for all of you for being here.    Director Harriger, you talked about specialized technologies, and it is my understanding that a majority of the inspections and interceptions that are done utilize microscopes and hand lenses. And so I wondered what types of new technologies would be helpful for you as you try to become more efficient at these interceptions and identifications?    Ms. DelBene. So are there particular technologies that you are lacking right now that you think would be really helpful in doing the job that you are doing today, or do you feel like you have sufficient resources with respect to being able to identify potential threats when they come in?    Ms. DelBene. One of the things that we have talked about is how important interagency cooperation is to responding, and I wondered if both you and Mr. Shea might be able to give us an example of maybe a particular situation, the collaboration that took place not only between your two organizations, but also maybe with state organizations in terms of response, and how that works.    Ms. DelBene. Yes.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you. Thank you both.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.