    Mr. Grayson. Thank you, Chairman Weber, for holding this hearing. And thank you to our witnesses this morning for participating.    Today we'll be discussing energy storage and the potential benefits that can be gained by developing storage technologies. Energy storage has the potential to solve problems such as interruptions in power on the electric grid, we all know how frustrating and, at times, even dangerous a power outage can be, and to make intermittent renewable sources of energy more practical and affordable.    Energy storage allows the buying of energy when prices are low, and the selling of energy when prices are high. This capability can lead to a reduction in energy congestion on America's electrical infrastructure; lowering prices for consumers, and also potentially lowering utility revenues for providers. We have to plan that out accordingly. Well-placed storage units can eliminate the need for building additional transmission lines in some areas, saving consumers money. These challenges to existing energy infrastructure business models will grow as residential storage systems become more affordable.    Japan, according to Bloomberg Business, is said to spend $670 million in response to the grid issues that it's facing, so that it'll be able to accommodate the influx of renewable energy, which is often intermittently produced. In contrast, our Department of Energy's Office of Electricity Storage Program was funded at only $12 million; that's $670 million versus $12 million, for Fiscal Year 2015. We need to do better than this if we want to maintain a reliable, resilient electric grid that can accommodate the many new forms of energy production and storage that are emerging today. Lawrence Berkeley National Lab estimated the annual costs associated with interruptions in power are as high as $135 billion, and often it's the commercial and industrial sectors in our economy that bear those costs. In a future in which manufacturing processes increasingly rely on digital technology, even short, brief outages can dramatically impact production and sales.    Energy storage solutions provide a line of defense against the cost of an outage, and it is imperative that America be prepared to incorporate storage solutions into energy and electrical infrastructure. If we invest wisely, research programs in electrical and energy storage can help America move from our current 20th century energy grid to a future grid that delivers more and pollutes less.    And federally funded research has the potential to create new product lines, new business opportunities, and new international markets. Storage technology can make America's energy future arrive faster, and that's always our goal; to make the future arrive faster.    Again, I thank each of our witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to hearing what each of you has to say.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back my time.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Intel spends $5 billion a year on research and development. There are several drug companies that actually match that or exceed it. Why don't we see the same thing with regard to batteries? Batteries are over $100 billion a year in revenue, why don't we see Eveready or Duracell or Rayovac doing the same kind of research that would, to a large degree, underwrite what you do every day? I think Dr. Whitacre alluded to that in his testimony, so I'll start over there.    Mr. Grayson. Mr. Giudice, go ahead.    Mr. Grayson. So are you suggesting that it's economic or that it is regulatory, or that it's cultural, what do you think is the most important----    Mr. Grayson. Doctor? Doctor Virden.    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Virden?    Mr. Grayson. All right, I see I'm almost out of time, so I yield back.    Mr. Grayson. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Mr. Chairman. I have one more question.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you.    Doctor, I'd like you to try to clarify your response to Chairman Weber's question earlier about who coordinates the various energy storage activities at DOE. Is it true that the Secretary established the Undersecretary for Science and Energy for that purpose?    Mr. Grayson. All right, thank you.    Mr. Grayson. Now I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Grayson. I don't have any objection to that.    Mr. Grayson. That's fine.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you.    The basic idea of a battery, the anode, the cathode, the electrolyte, that idea is roughly 200 years old, about as old as our country, and it is interesting when you consider all of the other technologies that have been developed in the meantime; the telephone, the computer, television and so on, that we're still basically using the same model that was used 200 years ago.    Is there any realistic prospect of moving beyond that model for energy storage? Dr. Whitacre.    Mr. Grayson. Mr. Giudice?    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Virden?    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Gyuk?    Mr. Grayson. Following up on my colleague's question regarding distributed versus centralized storage, it seems to me that one of the key factors in that regard, whether you store electricity or energy centrally, or whether you store it household-by-household or business-by-business, is whether there are any significant economies with scale in the storage that would make up for the transmission losses that you would encounter when you distribute that energy from a centralized source. So please tell me, again, starting with Dr. Whitacre, whether you see any likely economies of scale in storage of energy that would offset the transmission losses.    Mr. Grayson. So just to be clear, do you see a future of big storage, big batteries, or a future of small storage, small batteries?    Mr. Grayson. Mr. Giudice?    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Virden?    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Gyuk?    Mr. Grayson. Thank you. I yield back.