    Mr. Carouso. Chairman Salmon, Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Sherman, members of the committee, thank you for the invitation to testify before this distinguished committee on land tenure issues and their effect on Southeast Asia's economic development, a topic of significant importance to the Department of State.    The Assistant Secretary for the East Asia and Pacific Affairs Bureau asked me to----    Mr. Carouso. Is this better?    Mr. Carouso. The Assistant Secretary really regrets he couldn't be here today, so he sent me.    Special thanks to Cal Poly Pomona for providing this beautiful venue.    My colleague, USAID Administrator Jonathan Stivers, will speak to the various programs USAID supports to address land rights in the region. I will focus my remarks on the State Department's efforts to improve the protection of land and property rights in Southeast Asia both from a human rights perspective and from a commercial perspective, which affects U.S. citizens and corporations abroad, as well as the countries' economic growth.    Land and property rights issues remain critical in much of Southeast Asia and have a disproportionate impact on marginalized populations, including women, children, and indigenous groups. Transparent and fair land tenure laws, when followed, have a direct impact on foreign investment, poverty alleviation, and social stability. Without guidelines for officially-recognized land ownership documentation and effective mechanisms for dispute resolution, individuals are left in unstable situations and vulnerable to exploitation and abuse. For these reasons, we see land rights as a critical element to improving respect for human rights, strengthening the rule of law, and encouraging economic growth in the region.    When looking at land tenure issues from a human rights perspective, a major challenge in Southeast Asia is that vulnerable populations, particularly women and indigenous groups, often lack the basic documentation to show their rights to the homes and land upon which they live. In Cambodia, for example, at least two-thirds of the population, many of them poverty-stricken farmers, lack proper title deeds to their property. This is largely a lingering effect of the Khmer Rouge regime, which abolished all private property and, consequently, property records as a part of its efforts to create a collectivized agrarian society. Lack of updated records leaves families who are removed from their land with little legal recourse to prove ownership of the land or property on which they live and vulnerable to human rights abuses.    Recognizing this challenge, the State Department's Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor just recently began a new program to assist vulnerable communities in Cambodia, as well as in neighboring Vietnam. Working with local NGO partners, this project aims to create a multi-stakeholder, human rights-based approach to land use impact studies in communities, integrating these processes into land governance and dispute resolution initiatives. This builds on previous efforts from 2007 to 2010 that helped communities understand land rights under Cambodian law and legally document land claims to prevent eviction and ensure fair compensation, should the land be sold.    A subsequent challenge to the enforcement of land rights is the strength of rule of law, which varies wildly throughout the region. Weak judicial institutions and corruption encourage private claimants to seek solutions outside of the legal system, which in turn hinders their ability to obtain a stable, legal solution to their dispute. It also unfairly prejudices the system toward the wealthy and powerful, exacerbating existing social and economic inequalities.    The State Department's Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs is working around the world to help countries combat corruption by working with governments and civil society to build transparent and accountable public institutions operating in the criminal justice sector, a cornerstone of strong, stable, and fair societies that offer a level playing field. INL works with these partners through training, technical assistance, and mentoring to fight corruption and promote laws and court systems that are fair, legitimate, and accountable.    To take the Philippines as an example, the Philippine legal system contains a fairly robust set of laws that regulate land in urban and rural areas. These laws address inheritance issues, provide guidance on property ownership, and require registration of land titles through the judicial process. The Philippines also has institutional actors who oversee the implementation of these laws, including the Land Registration Authority and local government units that develop land-use development plans and zoning ordinances. The Government of the Philippines has also partnered with the World Bank and the Government of Australia to develop land administration policies and laws that formally recognize and record the rights of land holders through the Land Administration and Management Project.    In the Philippines, the institutions and laws governing land rights exist, but outdated land administration laws, an inefficient land administration and adjudication infrastructure, a poor land information system, and weak judicial institutions have resulted in problems of fraudulent, overlapping, and duplicate land titles and have led to widespread accusations of illegitimate land seizures. These challenges have also contributed to high transaction costs in securing, registering, and transferring property rights, and to tenure insecurity. Inconsistent legislation and policy declarations have led to unsustainable land use and conflict over competing land uses. Over the past decades, many countries in the region, including the Philippines, have tried various versions of redistributive land reform programs with little or no success in an effort to redistribute land from the landlords of various agricultural products to their tenants.    The strength of land rights has an impact on human rights as well as rule of law issues, but it also has a significant impact on a country's commercial climate and overall economic prospects. As Chairman Royce indicated earlier, Hernando de Soto, a Peruvian economist known for his work on land rights reform and the informal economy, found that a nation cannot have a strong market economy without strong property rights. Many small entrepreneurs lack secure legal ownership of their property under a functional legal framework and therefore lack access to functioning financial markets, so they may be unable to obtain credit, sell or expand their business. Without the ability to monetize or collateralize their biggest asset, the growth potential of small-holders and entrepreneurs may be limited, and they cannot seek legal remedies to land conflicts in court.    In an effort to provide accurate information to U.S. businesses interested in investing abroad, the State Department prepares annual, country-specific Investment Climate Statements, while the Department of Commerce writes Country Commercial Guides. These reports include a detailed discussion of the quality of a country's legal and institutional frameworks for protecting property rights, including the transparency of their regulatory system, the legal basis for land ownership, dispute settlement mechanisms, and corruption. These act as a prod to these governments to do better.    In addition to State and USAID advocacy programs and reports, the U.S. Millennium Challenge Corporation also considers the rule of law and property rights in its initial selection of partner countries. Where these issues later prove to be binding constraints to economic growth after a country is selected, MCC may support projects that address them. Currently, MCC has a partnership agreement known as a ``compact'' with Indonesia, will complete a compact with the Philippines in May 2016, and is developing a second compact with the Philippines.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to testify on the status of land rights and land tenure in Southeast Asia and on the various programs the State Department supports to pursue greater justice on these issues. I look forward to answering any additional questions you may have.    Mr. Carouso. Fair, adequate, and timely compensation for any taking of land under eminent domain is part of every modern society. Clearly the question is, are those characteristics met? Is the land taken for the public good, and do those who are affected have access to a judicial system that will fairly consider whether they are being compensated fairly and in a timely manner so that they can go on with their lives?    Mr. Carouso. I am not aware of any particular large foreign entities in the Philippines taking advantage. It is mainly a Philippines issue. There is a large, powerful Philippine group that seems to control much of the economy. Part of the problem is that there are so many laws and regulations at the Federal and local and provincial level that people have a hard time understanding the law and who has jurisdiction. One of the things that AID's programs are trying to do is help streamline and make sensible all these laws.    In Cambodia, my understanding is it is mainly Chinese and Vietnamese entities that are buying up these large parcels for basically corporate-style farming.    Mr. Carouso. I don't know the answer to that, but typically Chinese like to employ Chinese. But I don't know if that is----    Mr. Carouso. I will have to get the answer for you, sir.    Mr. Carouso. Sure. Mr. Chairman, following your visit, Ambassador Goldberg called on the Secretary of Foreign Affairs, the Secretary of Justice, and key folks at the Presidential Palace, all the way to the top, pointing out that this is an indication of a severe lack of rule of law, that private security forces could act with such impunity.    The interesting change over time is it is no longer the official security, the official police and military. It is the privatized. But the problem is, then, how does someone seek justice to push back? That is the missing gap that the new program should fix.    Mr. Carouso. I would suggest that having the land title is absolutely essential to that, and the fact that people don't have land title and there are competing claims is a barrier to getting credit.    Mr. Carouso. Right.    Mr. Carouso. Congresswoman, this is an issue that we point out to our Philippine colleagues constantly, that if they want to continue the very impressive economic growth they have achieved over the past few years, they have got to do better, and they acknowledge that. The fact that they have improved 30 places is quite significant, and we attribute that to the fact that the Philippine people elected President Aquino on the basis of he was a reformer, he was going to fight corruption, he was going to fight the big landowners, but it is a tough job. What the United States Government has been trying to do is support him in that effort, help him as much as we possibly can, while recognizing that it is, obviously, up to the Philippine people to do that.    To be blunt, the fight we have to some degree on improving the ease of doing business is that there is a sense of nationalism, that if foreigners invest, that means somehow Filipinos, even poor Filipinos, don't have those opportunities. So we are trying hard to explain that foreign direct investment is an economic driver that lifts all the boats, not taking away any benefits from domestic entities.    Mr. Carouso. Thank you.