    Admiral Nathan. Chairman Frelinghuysen, Ranking Member Visclosky, distinguished members of the subcommittee, I am grateful again for the opportunity to appear before you today. On behalf of the dedicated men and women of Navy Medicine, I want to thank the committee for your outstanding support and confidence.    I can report to you that the Navy Medicine team is mission ready and delivering world-class care anywhere, any time. Navy Medicine protects, promotes, and restores the health of sailors and marines around the world, ashore and afloat, in all warfare domains. We exist to support the operational missions of both the Navy and the Marine Corps. These responsibilities require us to be agile expeditionary medical force capable of meeting the demands of crisis response and global maritime security.    In this regard, we are staying the course with our strategic priorities of readiness, value, and jointness. Individually and collectively, these mutually supportive focus areas are instrumental in shaping our decisionmaking, internal processes, and organizational capacity. Our strategy is aligned, balanced, and unified, and I believe strengthened, because everyone in Navy Medicine has a distinct and important role in contributing to the success of these efforts.    By leveraging the capabilities of our patient-centered medical home, Medical Home Port, and completing our CONUS Hospital Optimization Plan, we are moving more and more workload into our military hospitals, growing our enrollment, rebalancing staff, and reducing overall purchased care expenditures. We recognize the health of our beneficiaries is the most important outcome, and our systems must be aligned to support this priority. Health care should not be a supply-driven or volume-based commodity. It is about patient-centered care and focused on all dimensions of wellness, body, mind, and spirit.    We must never waiver in our commitment to provide care and support to our wounded warriors and their families. This is particularly true for the treatment of mental health issues and traumatic brain injury. While our present conflicts may be coming down, the need for quality mental health and TBI care will be a continued need, and we are poised to provide these services now and in the future.    We continue to embed mental health capabilities in operational units and primary care settings in order to identify and manage issues before they manifest as psychological problems. This priority extends to suicide prevention efforts where we train sailors, marines, and their families to recognize operational stress and use tools to manage and reduce its effects.    As leaders, we have renewed our emphasis on ensuring that we focus on every sailor every day, particularly those in transition or facing personal or professional adversity. We know that an increased sense of community and purpose is an important protective factor in preventing suicide, and we must remain ready and accessible to those who need help.    Strategically, I am convinced that we are stronger as a result of our work with the other Services, our interagency partners, including the VA, leading academic and private research institutions, and other civilian experts. These collaborations are vital as we leverage efficiencies and best practices in clinical care, research and development, medical education, and global health security.    The enterprise strength of Navy Medicine is now and always will be our people. I can assure you that the men and women serving around the world are truly exceptional and guided by the Navy's core values of honor, courage, and commitment. Of note, I am continually inspired by the skill and dedication of our young hospital corpsmen, many of whom are just out of high school and whose parents, like me as the father of a teenager, marvel at their ethics and capability but still wince a little as we hand them the keys to our car.    We ask a lot of these young people, and they step up. As I travel and see our corpsmen operating forward aboard ships or deployed throughout the world in the combat AORs, I can assure you, Mr. Chairman, that you and the American people can be very proud of their performance. In fact, of the 15 Silver Stars awarded to Navy sailors throughout OIF and OEF, 14 of those have been awarded to Navy corpsmen.    Admiral Nathan. We need to recognize what sets us apart from civilian medicine. We are truly a rapidly deployable, fully integrated, vertically integrated combat casualty care support system. This capability allows us to support combat casualty care with unprecedented battlefield survival rates over the last 13 years; to meet global health threats expediently, as we did in deploying labs and personnel to Liberia that slashed the Ebola testing time from days to hours; and to have our hospital ships, the Comfort and the Mercy--Comfort underway as we speak--ready to get out and about to support humanitarian assistance and disaster relief efforts around the world.    We must also understand that our readiness mission is inexorably linked to the work our personnel do day in and day out in our hospitals and clinics, in our labs and our classrooms. Our patients expect a lot of us, and they should. I am privileged to work so closely with my fellow Surgeons General who are equally passionate about continuous improvement in moving the military health system forward as a truly highly reliable organization.    These are transformational times for military medicine, the likes of which I have not seen in my career. There is much work ahead as we navigate the important challenges and seize opportunities to keep our sailors and marines healthy, maximize the value for all our patients, and leverage joint opportunities. I am encouraged with the progress we are making, but not yet satisfied. We continue to look for ways to improve and remain on the forefront of delivering world-class care any time, anywhere.    Thank you, sir, for your steadfast support, and I look forward to your questions.    Admiral Nathan. Sir, your question is particularly germane to the naval forces, which have distributed platforms all the world, often in isolated places, and may suffer a kinetic or accidental trauma. And so like the other Services we have been providing all of our basic corpsmen now with TCCC: tactical combat casualty care training.    The big sea change in combat care now compared to, say, 20 years ago was that our young medics and corpsmen come out equipped to do sophisticated lifesaving procedures at the scene of injury to allow some time and to allow the golden hour. We also have forward deployed expeditionary resuscitative surgical systems where we have teams now that can carry backpack operating rooms on them. They can carry anesthesia machines and ORs, in small groups of four or five people who could do surgery on this table in front of you if they had to at a moment's notice.    The medevac evacuation still remains kind of the long pole in the tent. How do you get people from distributed isolated places back to the mother ship in order to provide care. And we have enhanced that, and I think General Travis can talk about en route care and about the ballet of medevac that occurs between the rotary lift and the fixed-wing aircraft.    General Travis. Ballet is not a word I would have used. But, sir, it is a wonderful question, and, frankly, it is a challenge. As we deal with nonstate actors in remote places like Africa, you mentioned a few others, certainly the folks, the commanders who are placing warriors at risk, I don't care what the Service, are hesitant to operate without great medical care nearby. They carry their own organic assets. We are extremely well trained and have benefited from the experience of this war to understand how to provide combat casualty care better than any time in history. A lot of those advances, by the way, have translated to better casualty care in this Nation.    With specific emphasis on places where the golden hour is a challenge, where there may not be organic capability or we may not have fixed facilities like we have had the benefit of in Iraq and Afghanistan in this long war, we in fact have stood up some tactical critical care evacuation teams at the next level, called enhanced tactical critical air evacuation teams. We have teams standing by in Germany, for example, that can get on an airframe of opportunity and carry surgical capability downrange, where a special operations surgical team may have done the initial resuscitation, then perhaps, as Admiral Nathan mentioned, do surgery on an airplane on a ramp. And so these are the kind of innovative things we are having to think about as we deal in very remote areas.    I would just comment on, as we pull out of Afghanistan, the three of us have travelled there together, and it became very clear as operations have changed there and certainly forces have moved, you are right, the challenge to keep that golden hour is tough. One of the things that we have all learned and we are all doing is pushing better capability further forward to where actually you take the care out there rather than trying to get them back. And you still get them back, but the care you put out there, and we learned this from some of our allies, if you put out advanced care to the point of injury, as I mentioned in my testimony, you will watch survival rates go up as well.    Admiral Nathan. Well, ma'am, I will start first. I have been involved in graduate medical education at every level for over 30 years. Currently we enjoy a fairly robust recruiting and retention in Navy Medicine. I attribute that partly to patriotism and an awareness of service to country and partly to the economy. We always keep a close eye on the economy dial, because it ebbs and flows, and so does our recruiting.    We have a little more problem in our Reserves right now. That is my Achilles' Heel in the medical corps in that we have more people staying in. That is a smaller pool where we recruit from, for our reserves. Plus the Reservists, some of whom have spent their time being pulled into a 13-year conflict, being cycled one or two times, and are less apt to sign up in the combat casualty area. So we are looking at incentive pays and things like that.    So far the health of our training programs, at least in the medical departments, have been very, very good. We have one of the highest board pass rates for all three Services across the country. And so I think we are producing fine physicians. I think our nursing programs, and Patty can speak to that better than I can, but so far we have the pick of the litter. We fill our nursing programs very early, and we have more applicants than we have room for. I am not resting on that laurel, nor do I think that can continue in perpetuity, but currently we think we have a good recipe.    I share your concern across the Nation with changes and transformational changes in how we educate physicians and residents in training. On one hand we have afforded them shorter work hours and more opportunity to rest and read and learn; on the other hand, it is still an apprenticeship-type profession. And many educators, senior educators are lamenting that perhaps we have overdone it and that we are not giving people enough time at the bedside or enough time with the patients to learn via an apprenticeship.    But that is something we wrestle with in the military as well as in the civilian sector, and I think as we come together as graduate medical education review boards to look at the sweet spot for how do we give somebody the optimal time to learn and also the time to be an apprentice.    General Horoho. And, ma'am, I will just add a little bit onto what Admiral Nathan just said. So if we look at it through the lens of where we have concerns, the areas of concerns would be in our subspecialty care. Being able to recruit some of those highly skilled professionals from the civilian community into Active Duty service is a challenge in some areas, so neurosurgeons, cardiologists, and those areas.    The other area where I have the biggest concern is that if we move towards sequestration and it impacts our ability to conduct research, that translational research of evidence-based practice at the point of healthcare delivery and really being able to make sure that that is threaded through every one of our graduate medical education programs to enhance quality of care, and then there is a relevancy for the deployment environment. That is the area where I have concerns. And then that is what makes our graduate programs nationally ranked, is we are able to take that strong research and have it really embedded into the way that we train.    When I look at an area, an avenue in which to get more of our clinicians and physicians, one of the programs that Uniformed Service University just started, which is taking highly educated young enlisted servicemembers from all Services and actually have them go through a premed program, getting ready to go into and be competitive for medical school. And we have seen this last batch, most of the enlisted had GPAs in school of, like, 3.9 and 4.0, extremely impressive. And so that is another avenue that we are constantly looking at.    Maintaining our recruitment and retention bonuses is absolutely critical. I appreciate Congress' support in that area, because that has allowed us to maintain the right skill set over the last 13 years of war.    And then lastly I would just say from a national issue where I believe if we are going to really look at the cost of health care changing, if we don't start educating across all of our disciplines, to include engineering schools and building our communities, the impact of health and how we increase that knowledge so that it changes behavior, I don't think we are going to ever bend that cost curve in the way that we need to.    General Travis. I would only add, and I am glad General Horoho mentioned the bonuses and the pay equity, and it is not going to be equitable, but the support for the bonuses and the specials pays is going to be crucial.    I would also add the pipeline is where we get the majority of our forces and the training pipeline, so support for HPSP is extremely important. Certainly Medical Corps, Dental Corps, that is a great majority. Eighty percent of our Medical Corps comes out of HPSP, and so it is very important, and FAP, the financial assistance. So we really do need continued support of that. We are doing very well with a not fully qualified accessions, but our pipelines are strong.    The only other thing I would mention is while we are retaining more, there are some certainly who are combat-proven specialists, trauma surgeons come to mind, and I am personally aware of a few who have deployed several times in Iraq or Afghanistan who are trauma czars, who would now like to make the transition to the Reserves. They are finding that is hard to do. And so we are working through the difficulty now. We would love to keep those folks on the bench ready for the next eventuality, wherever that is. So we are taking a very hard look at that, and that may be something that we night need help with from Congress.    Thank you, ma'am.    Admiral Nathan. Sir, could I just add one comment?    Admiral Nathan. Because this represents possibly, if unabated, the greatest threat to the DHP budget the way it is accelerating. We are taking it very seriously. But you will probably hear some groups start to lament the fact that we are tightening the reins on these. Be assured that we are doing this on those that have no proven scientific measure of improved efficacy or clinical application. We would not restrain any pharmaceuticals that we thought from a cost standpoint provided great bang for buck. So far, these have not proven to.    And so because of loopholes and various opportunities, people have found that if you mix two things together and charge for that, which is called compounding pharmaceuticals, you can charge an exorbitant amount. And the DHA and the others are starting to take this seriously. But this is a real threat to the DHP program.    Admiral Nathan. One of the things that has evolved, sir, over the past is we now do baseline cognitive studies for people prior to deployment. That was borne out of potential TBI and concussion----    Admiral Nathan. If you are talking about the mind, spirit----    Admiral Nathan. Yes, sir. The current system, although people may fall through the cracks, but it is designed to provide everybody who leaves the Service gets an inventory of their health, both their mental health and their physical health prior to transition. It is required. And we are making it more and more congruent with the VA system. It is not perfectly congruent yet, but it is designed to have as less repetition as necessary or as possible so that you don't have to repeat the same groundwork you did leaving the Service once you get to the VA, so the VA has more visibility on what is happening with respect to the separation physicals.    During those physicals now, what has been instilled in those histories and physicals is a specific targeting and questioning on mental health issues, challenge, difficulty with sleep, questions about self-harm to yourself or to others. These are designed into the system. Now, it doesn't mean that somebody doesn't fall through the cracks and those things aren't performed, but what I just said is policy. You don't leave the Service without them.    Admiral Nathan. We will have to take that for the record.    General Robb. We will have to that take that for the record.    Admiral Nathan. Well, we know that the figure that is bandied about for the next 5-year budget for pharmaceutical costs to the DHP is going to be in excess of $40 billion, just for the pharmaceutical footprint alone.    Admiral Nathan. And I would ask that I be allowed to come back on the record for the exact number. But we take the gravity of what pharmaceutical costs very seriously. On the one hand, the pharmaceutical advances in this country have allowed people to be treated as an outpatient because of some of the advanced therapies and save tremendous money from in-patient care. And on the other hand, the military, I think, has done a pretty good job of looking hard at efficacy of generic versus brand name costs as they implement and adjust the pharmacy copays.    Admiral Nathan. Yes.    Admiral Nathan. I can't give you a specific answer on the offshoots of the NF, sir, but the generic answer is, yes, there is always opportunity to widen the aperture of these musculoskeletal and genetically based injuries and deficiencies, diseases that can create the problems. And so let me get back, let us all get back to our experts who are engaged in this research.    Admiral Nathan. Now that the research is being collaboratively shared across the enterprise through the Defense Health Agency, we have an entree to be able to do these things jointly as opposed to stovepipe. So I think we can get you a more expedient answer.    Admiral Nathan. We can get you the exact figures.    General Robb. We can get you those numbers.    Admiral Nathan. But over 50 percent of the DHP dollar currently goes to the private sector.    Admiral Nathan. Yes, sir.    Admiral Nathan. You are echoing one of the concerns that was raised during the Military Health System review, and it was, how do we monitor the quality of the care that we provide, or that we fund, we pay for, when we either can't provide the care ourselves and have to send the patient out or the patient lives in an area where they don't have proximity to a military treatment facility, so they go to the private sector broker to the health networks.    Admiral Nathan. Well, quite frankly, we don't have the visibility on the quality and the care other than that when we send people outside, we send them to accredited organizations that are Joint Commission accredited, but we don't have the same visibility in the external system previously that we do in our own system.    Admiral Nathan. Absolutely.    Admiral Nathan. If I could put a punctuation point on specifically what you are asking, because this is----    Admiral Nathan. Yes, sir.    Admiral Nathan. And this is why the Services are so focused on the next set of TRICARE contracts and working with the DHA to get this, because, in a practical example, if you were to walk into my hospital and say, I am going to have a procedure here, I am going to deliver a baby here, I am going to have a joint replacement, can you tell me what percent of post-operative complications you have? Can you tell me what kind of outcomes you have? Can you tell me how many people have to be revised in surgery after I have done it? Yes, I can, every one of my facilities. I don't publish it enough, and we are doing that now, but I can tell you that.    If I send you to one of our network hospitals, not me, but if TRICARE sends you to one of the network hospitals, and you come to me and you say, you sent me to hospital X--okay, I didn't, TRICARE did, but we don't do that here, so you have to go to hospital X--can you tell me what hospital X's percentage? I cannot. Do you know how they are doing? I do not.    I know they are accredited, or we wouldn't send you there. You are going to have to ask hospital X if they will give you that information, because I can't give it to you.    Admiral Nathan. Absolutely, sir. And the currents now run coordinated through Bureau of Personnel Code 17, and so this allows more coherency, removes redundancy, and is an area to capture best practices across the Navy so that we don't have all these green shoots popping up everywhere and we can standardize the application better.    Admiral Nathan. Yes, sir.    Admiral Nathan. I have got to, Mr. Ryan----    Admiral Nathan. Well, Mr. Ryan, first of all, if you go to a warship or a Navy ship, you can get a burger there. Guilty as charged. But that said, I think you would be impressed with the initiatives that Secretary Mabus has made with the 21st Century Sailor and Marine. All of our ships now have a healthy choice alternative, especially the larger ships, the aircraft carriers where food is calibrated. We have turned the serving spoon around, meaning we serve you instead of you just get to take whatever you want. So there is portion control, which is huge.    And, again, this is somewhat of a third rail subject, but the Secretary is very invested in trying to do tobacco cessation across the Navy. And this is something that I think, I am sad to say it probably won't come in my time, but I hope it will come in my successor's time. Because I think if we are going to address the total health picture of the young person today in the military it has to be the nutrition, as you said, it has to be the mindfulness, it has to be the portion control, and it has to be the tobacco cessation.    Admiral Nathan. Yes, sir. Consortiums are a truly valuable bang for buck. You are correct in that many of these research partnerships are not only from the organic funding this committee so generously provides, but also from grant money that comes from reimbursables from private institutions.    When the economy is up, as would be the case for the Mayo Clinic, grant money is up. When the economy is down, as would be the case for them and for us, reimbursable research funds are down. You have heard the unified chant from all of us that we need to maintain an organic critical mass of research funding stream to keep this going. The AFIRM study, which we mentioned before, is an example of that. All of us have various partnerships that extend all the way from southern California with UCLA in TBI, to the McGowan Institute, to the NICoE facilities.    And then, of course, the dramatic signature injury of this war, which is extremity loss, and how are we going to approach that not only from a mental and spiritual fortification standpoint, but from getting you back to normal, ideally with prosthetics, moving to transplants, moving to ultimately at some point regeneration. That time will come as we get into spinal cord research and other things.    So this is very valuable and this has been sent out before. In many areas the military gets their expertise in standard injuries and illnesses from the private sector, diabetes, things like that. We contribute, but the largesse of it comes from that. And as a whole, our society gets the largesse of its trauma capability and rehabilitation from the military.    Admiral Nathan. Absolutely, yes.    Admiral Nathan. Absolutely.    Admiral Nathan. Yes, ma'am. I am happy to. And this is usually where the public affairs officer comes after me and says, ``What the admiral meant to say was.'' But the figure that we are quoted offhand for the FYDP, the FYDP, over the next 5 years is $40 billion.    Admiral Nathan. Five years, $40 billion.    Admiral Nathan. Now, this is all comers in the MHS. This is prescriptions that are provided within our lifelines and the direct care system, as well as the prescriptions that people pick up in purchased care in pharmacies.    Admiral Nathan. Yes, sir.    Admiral Nathan. Yes, sir, families too.    Admiral Nathan. Sir, I think we are certainly at liberty to say that we are aligned with readiness and the documentation of it, the demonstration of it, and the accountability of it that the Commission is after. The Commission wants to, I think, based on our interactions with them, make sure that we are as ready tomorrow as we have been today.    Their mechanism for doing so has some advantages and some disadvantages. All those are being brokered, and this is where I retreat to my fairly politically neutral statement, but all those pros and cons are being brokered, as we said, from our inputs, our Service chiefs' inputs, up to SecDef, who will give his recommendation to the President and then to Congress.    The one thing we have told the Commission that is on the record is that they have our full attention--they already had our full attention when they talk about readiness. You have heard about the interactions we have at shock trauma. The Navy is fully engaged at LA County. The Army is in Tampa, Florida. And we are, as we speak, we are growing our network of interactions with the civilian subject matter experts and robust trauma facilities to make sure that we maintain a corporate expertise in readiness for combat casualty care.    We have to be as ready for the mom walking across the doorstep to deliver a baby in Virginia as we do for the soldier who was felled by an IED in Afghanistan or the Ukraine or somewhere else.    And so this is job number one to us. So the specifics of whether we need a readiness command to do that or a readiness billet to do that will be up to our immediate superiors in charge. But we certainly commend the committee for their attention to making sure that the military understands this readiness of the future.