    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank all of you for being here. This is certainly an important subject that we all need to be paying particular attention to, and I want to thank Chairman Roe for his efforts in bringing this to light before this subcommittee.    I am a small business owner. I am a pharmacist by trade. I own three--excuse me--my wife now owns three independent retail pharmacies with about 19 to 20 employees. We value that relationship very much between with our employees, and some are very long term, been with us for 28 years, and that is certainly very important.    Their health is important. Their health is important to me as an employer, I need them to show up for work. I depend on them. Obviously, I could not do what I am doing here without them being there. This is very important.    However, like all small business owners, I have been faced with the dilemma of trying to reduce health care costs, and that is something that has really been a struggle recently, as you can imagine. I am not any different from any other small business owner in that respect.    Ms. McDonough, I want to speak to you. First of all, I think we are all familiar with Fitbit and what it does and the benefit it can have. As we get to a more socially conscious health care society, if you will, these are the type of things that we are looking at. I am concerned because--not concerned, inquisitive as to the collection methods.    As I understand it, if I were to provide my employees with the Fitbit, if I wanted to get the information, I would have to get their permission to get it first of all?    Mr. Carter. Okay. That data that is relayed to me, how can we make sure that it is going to be private and it's going to be secure? They are going to want to know that and they should. If they do not want to know it, they should want to know it.    Mr. Carter. Okay. One final question for you, as a small business owner, we have asked about the barriers the employers have, but what about small business owners? What kind of barriers do they typically have?    Mr. Carter. That is usually the owner.    Mr. Carter. Great. Very quickly, Mr. Zern and Ms. Franklin, I know that private exchanges, they offer a lot more flexibility. I am just wondering--Ms. Franklin, I believe Hallmark has recently changed to a private exchange. I am just wondering about the experience you have had with that.    Mr. Carter. Great. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Carter. You know I got problems with it, but I am dealing with it.