    Ms. Creedon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee. I want to thank you for the opportunity today to discuss the radiological release at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, or WIPP.    I am pleased to be joined today by Mark Whitney, the Acting Assistant Secretary of Energy for Environmental Management. We have provided written testimony to the subcommittee and respectfully ask that it be submitted for the record.    On February 14, 2014, a radiological release occurred in the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in New Mexico when a drum, which had been shipped from Los Alamos National Laboratory, experienced an exothermic reaction that led to overpressurization and breach, causing a release of a portion of the drum's contents.    The specifics of this radiological release at WIPP and the subsequent restart activities will be addressed by Mr. Whitney.    While the Department of Energy's National Nuclear Security Administration, NNSA, holds the overall management and operating contract for the Los Alamos National Laboratory, the Department of Energy's Office of Environmental Management is the program lead for legacy waste cleanup activities performed at LANL and for the operation of WIPP. NNSA is, however, responsible for the overall site operations.    That said, I want to assure you all that all of us at DOE take this unintentional release of radioactive material very seriously, as we do all significant events.    What is most troublesome about this event is that, as the accident investigation determined, it was preventable. It will also be costly to fix and has left us without a true waste repository for an indeterminate period of time. And this is simply unacceptable.    Today I will focus on the actions that the NNSA has taken since the event and highlight a few ongoing initiatives we are pursuing to improve the governance and oversight at NNSA sites.    NNSA and the Office of Environmental Management have taken corrective actions in response to the WIPP incident. This includes both long-term and short-term compensatory measures. These measures will address the underlying issues and problems that contributed to the errors in packaging the legacy waste.    NNSA and EM, working with the other components of the Department of Energy, have realigned the Federal program and oversight responsibility for legacy waste materials. The responsibility has been transferred from the local NNSA field office to a newly established environmental management field office.    We have also held our management and operating contractor at the Los Alamos National Laboratory responsible and accountable for their part in allowing conditions to develop that led to this event. The M&O's fee for operating the laboratory was reduced drastically. We did not grant a year of award term, and we took back a year of award term that had previously been awarded. Award term is a year of the contract. So we did not give them an additional year on the contract, and we took back a previously awarded additional year on their contract. We are also in the process of modifying this M&O contract to allow EM to have more direct control over their work at Los Alamos in the near term and then to modify their contracting strategy in the long term.    NNSA is also working on several fronts to improve our overall approach to site governance. We have kicked off two specific initiatives. The first is to examine our contracting strategy to ensure that we incentivize the right behaviors while also holding our labs and sites accountable. The second initiative is to better define the NNSA site governance model, with specific attention to identifying clear expectations regarding contract management and oversight and clarifying the roles and responsibilities between the NNSA field and headquarters elements and, in the case of Los Alamos, the Office of Environmental Management as well.    In conclusion, I want to assure you that the Department understands the seriousness of this event. We have taken numerous concrete and aggressive actions to address the specific events and are also looking at governance generally. These actions will help us ensure that we do not repeat the mistakes that gave rise to this incident and help improve operations across the entire NNSA enterprise.    With that, I thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Creedon. No, sir.    Ms. Creedon. Yes, sir.    Ms. Creedon. That's correct.    Ms. Creedon. Mr. Chairman, one of the fundamental problems with this particular failure is that--well, there are many, as the report indicated, but one of them is clearly the failure of the CAS approach and the CAS system at Los Alamos. So Los Alamos did not have a mature CAS system, and it had not picked up these issues.    One of the primary weaknesses in the CAS system, as we have now gone back and looked at it, was it was inadequate with respect to overseeing subcontractors. And this is a fundamental problem.    The other problem--and this is a problem that we have begun to address already--is that the lines of oversight at Los Alamos were not clear. So one of the Secretary's initial actions and responses was to clarify these lines of authority and responsibility for oversight at Los Alamos.    And the first action that we took was to take the Environmental Management personnel who were imbedded in the NNSA field office and Mr. Whitney, at the direction of the Secretary, established a standalone EM field office. And then I will let him go into the details of that particular field office.    But the other thing that we are doing is also changing the way that they oversee the contract itself so they will have more authority and responsibility so these lines will be clearer in the future.    Ms. Creedon. So one of the things that I think we have to look at is ensuring that the contractors really do have in place for their own purposes an internal oversight capability.    The Department historically and NNSA historically has focused on those very high-hazard activities of the criticality, safety, and those are the ones that have had the focus and attention. NNSA historically has had to balance some of its oversight responsibilities. So we have about 75 people in the Los Alamos and NNSA field office, and there are on the order of 12,000 contractor employees at Los Alamos. So, with that ratio, we have to make sure that our initial focus, our most intense focus is associated with those high-hazard activities.    And these activities that were associated with the repackaging of this legacy waste in this overarching construct were considered to be low-hazard activities. So for that, we rely on the systematic approach at Los Alamos.    Ms. Creedon. As Ms. Bawden said, when the Y-12 event occurred, the CAS system at Y-12 had been affirmed. And my understanding at the time was that NNSA then determined that, clearly, the approach that they had taken to affirming these contractor assurance systems was not working and they set it aside.    Since I started at the Department of Energy--I was confirmed in July and started in August--one of my responsibilities is as the fee-determining official, and part of that is to look at how all of these contractors are performing. So, among other things, we at the Department have changed some of the methodologies with respect to the contractor and the contract and have changed some of the performance criteria.    But what I have started to do, which in some respects is a compensatory measure for some of these differences, is I meet for an entire day with all of our field office managers every quarter, and we go through exactly what's going on----    Ms. Creedon. That's correct.    Ms. Creedon. You know, that is an extraordinarily difficult question. And it is certainly something that the Secretary is committed to, the Administrator is committed to, I am committed to, is trying to get this right.    It's pretty clear that the processes that were in place when this event happened weren't right. They didn't catch the events. The contractor assurance system didn't catch what was going on. We didn't catch what was going on.    And so now we've done a bit of a pause, and we are now in the process of once again trying to put in place these policies that will figure out how to ensure that this contractor assurance system is reliable.    One of the measures, I think, going forward is to see if we begin to agree with them. So, even in the last year, it's pretty clear that the contractor assurance systems at some sites are better than other sites. And it's putting these processes in place, which we've embarked on doing again. We hope we get it right this time.    Ms. Creedon. So I think one of the issues now is the NNSA has been the subject of a number of investigations over the last several years--I mean, for decades actually, but a lot of them over the last several years--and they are all very critical. And one of the things that we have been seeing is we do, the Federal Government does an annual Federal Employees Viewpoint Survey, and by and large the workforce at NNSA is very good. The workforce at our labs are----    Ms. Creedon. Exactly. They are very good. But part of the problem is, they are not very happy and they are not very happy with the state of affairs. So I am very hopeful this time that they want to get out of this hole. Everybody wants to get out of this hole.    Ms. Creedon. So hopefully as we work towards it this time, we can get something in place that will be enduring and everybody gets out of this hole so that they are not continually the subject of very unflattering reports.    Ms. Creedon. The NNSA held responsible the contractors, the contractor operator.    Ms. Creedon. So we did two things----    Ms. Creedon. We did not fire them, but what we did is we took all their fee and we did not----    Ms. Creedon. Well, we took all of their fee, and we took back a year of contract award that had been previously given.    Ms. Creedon. It is all of their fee.    Ms. Creedon. The laboratory director also relieved the seven senior managers who were responsible for the work that was done at Los Alamos.    Ms. Creedon. So on the Los Alamos operating contractor, we did everything that we can do under our contract with them. We took all of their fee, and we took back a previously awarded----    Ms. Creedon. No.    Ms. Creedon. At the time that this event occurred, well, neither I nor the current Administrator were in place at that time. And I am trying to remember. I think at the time this was in place Tom D'Agostino was the Administrator and Neile Miller was the Principal Deputy Administrator. And they are, obviously, no longer in those positions.    Ms. Creedon. Neile Miller.    Ms. Creedon. Sorry.    Ms. Creedon. I stand corrected. The previous Principal Deputy Administrator had already left at that point in time. And there was an Acting Administrator. Tom D'Agostino had also left at the time of this event. So at that point we had an Acting Administrator for NNSA, and there was no one in my position at the time of this event.    Ms. Creedon. At the NNSA sites we have contractor assurance systems in place. We are looking at those again. We have been looking at those. They are a tool, as we look at how we evaluate our contractors. Right now we believe that some of them are actually pretty good and others clearly need work, like the one at Los Alamos.    Ms. Creedon. That is correct.    Ms. Creedon. No. What happened was the contractor assurance system at Y-12 had been affirmed, and then it was shortly after that contractor assurance system had been affirmed we had the incident at Y-12. So it was clear that there was a fault in that affirmation process, and we discontinued that process.    Ms. Creedon. So that is when the implementation guidance will be issued, and the process will actually be established sometime earlier. So we will have it implemented and up and running by then.    Ms. Creedon. I don't know, because we haven't put those implementation processes in place yet. But even in this interim period, we still continue to look at our contractor assurance systems. We work with our field office managers in other ways to ensure that we have got adequate oversight and that these are providing us with reliable information.    Ms. Creedon. Yes.    Ms. Creedon. So a formal process has not yet been reestablished. But even in advance of the reestablishment of a formal process, we are looking at whether or not these contractor assurance systems are providing us accurate and timely information.    Ms. Creedon. On the NNSA sites, yes. And I will let Mr. Whitney speak to his sites.    Ms. Creedon. Yes, sir. Contractor assurance systems are an important element. They should provide the contractor, our M&O partners, with an opportunity to be able to have their own internal strong assessment program, which is an absolutely essential element of effective management. And it, hopefully, if it is effective, will provide the same information to us.    Ms. Creedon. Yes, sir.    Ms. Creedon. So we agree with GAO. As we have discussed, the NAP-21 affirmation process was halted after the events at Y-12. And now that the Administrator, the new Administrator, Frank Klotz and I are both in place, we are taking a look at this again and trying to get all of us back on the right track.