    Mr. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    During my time I would like to emphasize the very broad nature and scope of the war resolution that we are being asked to support. In particular, and this has been mentioned by some of the other Congressmen and by the witnesses, there are no geographic limitations. And as I understand it from the information I have, you can make the case that the Islamic State is active of course in Iraq and Syria, but also Jordan, Libya, Egypt, Algeria, Tunisia, Yemen, Saudi Arabia, and other nations.    Under the war resolution that we are being asked to support, in section 2 it states, ``The President is authorized to use the armed forces of the United States as the President determines to be necessary and appropriate against ISIL or associated persons or forces as defined in section 5.''    You go down to section 5: The term ``associated persons or forces'' means individuals and organizations fighting for, on behalf of, or alongside ISIL, which is, as we know, covering virtually every continent on Earth, with the possible exception of Antarctica, and many of the countries that are on each of those continents, because the Islamic State has done a fairly good job of recruiting its people from all corners of the globe.    In that vein, then, I want to emphasize a couple of questions but ask you to ask one of them.    First, how is America going to pay for it? This is an extraordinary cost, and we have had witnesses where you are sitting now who have already said that the greatest national security threat that the United States of America faces is our deficit and accumulated debt that ultimately has the potential of exposing us to a devastating insolvency and bankruptcy, which would eliminate our ability to have a national defense. Those words, in effect, came from Admiral Mike Mullen when he was Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.    Second, how does diversion of defense money to this effort to fight the Islamic State undermine our defense capabilities and the rest of the needs for America's national security?    The question I want you to answer, though, is, if Congress adopts this war resolution or a similar one, how does that action affect the willingness of the rest of the world, and Europe in particular--Germany, France, United Kingdom, Italy, and the like--to shoulder more of the burden, to spend their treasury, to risk the lives of their young men and women now that they know that the United States of America is once again willing to pay the price for the world's security? So if we pass this war resolution, how does that impact the willingness of other nations that are at risk to spend their money and risk their young men and women?    Mr. Brooks. All right. Thanks. I appreciate your succinctness and candor in that regard, and maybe the other two witnesses----    General Keane. Okay.    Mr. Brooks . Are not prepared either----    General Keane. I am here.    Mr. Brooks . But if we are going to shoulder the whole burden, which is what this resolution seems to suggest we are willing to do, how does that affect the willingness of other nations to sacrifice as we would be sacrificing?    General Keane.    General Keane. Well, I knew we were going to have this discussion, and I think it is very difficult to put a price tag on security of the American people. We know this is a threat to our interests and national security objectives in the region, and we know it portends to be a long-term threat to the American people.    This ideology is clearly having some impact. I am not suggesting for a minute that terrorism is going to break out across the United States. I don't wring my hands about things like that.    But I do take seriously when the director of the FBI said he has got homegrown terrorism investigations going on in every State in the United States. I am not suggesting that there is going to be a terrorist attack in every State, that every one of those people who he is investigating have the means to do it or the will to do it. But just the fact that it is ongoing itself I think is alarming in and of itself that how many people have been attracted to this ideology.    So secondly, the security of the American people are involved here, and should we be prudent about the expenditure of funds to do this? Of course we would be. But one of the things we have to do, to be frank about it, Mr. Congressman, is we have to deal with sequestration.    While we are talking about the authorization of military force, the Budget Control Act is decapitating the capabilities of the United States military. And you know that as well as I do when these service chiefs come in front of you and lay out, you know, what their challenges are as they look down the road at the Budget Control Act or sequestration.    We are taking the Army down to something that is pre-World War II, and the Navy and the Air Force down to something that is 1950s. That doesn't make any sense to anybody, but that is the path that we are on. So I think the Congress can play a significant role here in dealing with sequestration.    The Europeans? Listen, the Europeans I don't think they have ever recovered from the fact we bailed them out of World--from post-World War II. Year after year after year they have pushed the burden of their security more on us, and this has been generational.    Many of these European nations are feckless in the face of real security challenges. You can see it in their budget and you can see it in their will. And look at how they are dealing with Putin and the redesign of Europe that he is imposing on them and the feckless response that we are getting from them.    It is predictable that we will, by comparison to our European friends, bear a greater burden. I think it goes with the leadership role the United States plays in the world, that the United States believes in stability and security, and helping to raise the prosperity level among people in the world, and dealing with the thugs and killers who are out there who would impose our will, and we--it is not that we have to be the answer to all of it, but where our national interests are involved, that we should be involved.    And we shouldn't judge that based on--look around and say, ``Are our European friends going to be with us or not?'' We should do everything to get them involved with us, but if they choose to be halfhearted about it, if our interests are at stake and the security of the American people is at stake then I think we have got to be there. And I don't think you put a price tag on it.    Mr. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Moulton.