    Mr. Zuck. Thank you, Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Nadler, and Members of the Subcommittee. Thanks for the opportunity to do clean-up here today, and I guess we will see, as the television series in the late '70's said, if eight is, in fact, enough.    ACT | The App Association represents over 5,000 app developers and information technology firms, with businesses in every congressional district, and part of a really booming industry. When we talk about the domain name system, as we are today, it is important to remember that these small businesses, like the ones I represent, are actually the majority of the domain name holders. Small businesses around the world have used the World Wide Web to create presence for themselves and distribution for their products that simply wasn't available in the physical world, on par with our larger brethren. This ability and integrity of the DNS is more important to small businesses than to any other community.    The basic question we have in front of us today is whether or not ICANN is ready to be independent of the United States Government. The simple answer that one can glean from the testimony you have already heard is no, but with the caveat that it can be with the enhanced accountability sought by the multi-stakeholder community with the proposed measures that were released on May 4th.    If you will allow me to paraphrase Winston Churchill, ICANN is the worst model for Internet governance, except for all the others. My personal journey here has been somewhat circuitous. I am a former software developer that went on to represent software developers, and for a number of years small businesses I represent were indifferent to the inner workings of ICANN because the DNS seemed to be working, until some articles came out in 2005 suggesting that governments wanted the function of ICANN to be intergovernmental instead of multi-stakeholder, as it has been. Suddenly, all of these small businesses were wearing ``ICANN Rocks'' t-shirts and asking me to get involved directly in the ICANN process.    So over the past 10 years, in some 30 meetings in windowless conference rooms around the world, we have worked together with the community and the NTIA to make ICANN a stronger, better managed, and more accountable organization. I am pleased to say we have achieved some success in a number of areas, and my constant refrain on performance metrics has led me to have the nickname ``Metrics Man'' inside of the community, and it is a nickname I wear with pride.    Of course, as you have already heard today, there is still a lot to be done to create the ICANN the multi-stakeholder community deserves. As a member of the intellectual property constituency within ICANN, I stand with my colleagues in frustration with ICANN's handling of the new gTLD program and the needs of rights holders in particular. .SUCKS is just one example and a frightening precedent for what lies ahead for those trying to protect their intellectual property.    ICANN needs to find better mechanisms to protect IP while increasing consumer choice and competition in the domain name space. And they have to get serious about enforcing their contracts. If digital archery is anything to go by, ICANN should certainly leave the tech to the experts and keep themselves in a management role.    Finally, ICANN needs to find better ways to involve small businesses and to resolve their issues when they arise. The system is currently overwhelming and over-costly for companies that I represent to be meaningfully involved in the multi-stakeholder process. It is for these reasons that I view the pending IANA functions contract expiration as an opportunity on which to capitalize rather than something frightening to be avoided. What has been missing from all the reform efforts inside ICANN has been the teeth to make these reforms binding. It is certainly the case that NTIA provided an essential guidance and protection of ICANN throughout the years, but the true utility of this unique relationship reached its pinnacle with the affirmation of commitments in 2009. The announcement by NTIA of their plans to sunset the IANA functions contract has spurred a discussion of real ICANN accountability, the likes of which the organization has never seen.    As others have mentioned, thousands of people hours in the community have set forth a proposed accountability framework that promises binding accountability to the multi-stakeholder community. This new ICANN, ICANN 3.0, if you will, will be stronger, answer to the community it serves, and create an environment of constructive reform that will allow it to develop and grow as the Internet adds its next billion users.    That said, it is true that we have just one chance to get it right, and I believe that is where Congress can play a critical role. As Chairman Goodlatte wrote in his recent op-ed, it is certainly Congress' role to ensure that the proposed framework is indeed the work of the bottom-up multi-stakeholder process, the proposed framework passes various stress tests or worst-case scenarios, and the proposed framework, if accepted, is sufficiently implemented prior to the IANA functions contract expiration.    Real accountability, when you boil it down, is about power, and the power needs to be in the hands of the community before it is any less in the hands of the U.S. Government.    So once again, I thank you for the opportunity to speak today, and I hope you will join me in making the most of this historic opportunity. I am happy to take any questions.    Mr. Zuck. Churchill would say that of course we need more time, but not indefinitely. I mean, I think something along the lines of 6 months would be enough to really get the proposal locked down and get the public comment and feedback and get something implemented.    Mr. Zuck. Thank you for the question. It is, in fact, the case that a lot of these issues have come up in the old TLDs, as you mentioned, and ``sucks'' shows up plenty of different places. So there is a constant and ongoing debate about whether there is a difference between the second-level and the top-level domain in terms of the terms used. I think a strong argument can be made that there is closer monitoring needed for the top-level domains, the stuff to the right of the period, than is necessarily necessary inside of an individual domain.    I think, as Mr. Metalitz said, I think taking some of the new contract arrangements that have been developed for the new gTLDs and applying them to the old ones can go a long way. But the reality is that a lot of the principles of protection are already in place, and it is just an execution issue of getting those contracts better enforced. That is the best thing that we can do, and to make sure the WHOIS database is accurate so that IP owners can go after infringers. Those are the key issues.    Mr. Zuck. Thank you for the question, Congressman. I guess our experience has been similar. I have been kind of assigned within the intellectual property constituency to be sort of the hound dog to the compliance department inside ICANN, and I was horrified to discover a few years ago that their database of complaints and responses was a folder in Outlook some 10 years into the organization's growth.    So I think that they have come a long way from the standpoint of even keeping track of what they are doing over the past 5 years, and they still need to do a lot better job, and I think that the new gTLD program came at a time that made it easy to overwhelm them, but I think they have made some progress. But there is certainly a long way to go in terms of contract compliance within ICANN. It is not quite the horror that it was 5 years ago.    Mr. Zuck. Yes. Piracy is a growing concern for the app industry around the world. And so I support what has been said before, but I would also suggest that these new accountability measures we are putting in place is in large measure what has been missing from the universe in which we have been operating to date. So having the ability to actually enforce some discipline upon ICANN and to enact real and binding reform inside of ICANN I believe is the key to getting the kind of contractual compliance office inside ICANN that we have all been waiting for.    Mr. Zuck. I guess I don't know for sure what their motivations were, but I continue to believe that the IANA contract itself is a cumbersome and unwieldy form of accountability, and that the U.S. finds itself in a very difficult position to exercise its will over ICANN in that way, and the other ways that it can exercise its will is through the GAC, through the international organizations which participate. But I think the replacement of that accountability mechanism with real accountability to the community is the key going forward.    Mr. Zuck. I feel like we enter into dangerous waters when we start talking about trying to control prices in that way.    Mr. Zuck. I understand. I guess I am saying that----    Mr. Zuck. Cost-wise, I don't know. But if the market will bear that amount of money, it will show up in the secondary market anyway. WallStreet.com sold for a million dollars. So the truth of the matter is, whether it happens at the outset or in the secondary market, it is going to be a function of whether there is demand for that name.