    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thought I had 12 minutes there for a minute. Okay. Down to 5 minutes.    Mr. Chairman, it is good to see you again.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I just have a couple of follow-up questions with regards to some of the discussions we have had. You indicated in your meetings with us, and I think, just for the record, in your testimony today you indicate that on August 13th you received a letter from Congress and you took some action. In July of last year, you did something, you took some action. In January of this year, you took some action. But it takes us to get you to do anything, and it is very concerning, because Choke Point is something that I think the chairman has done a good job of explaining is, to the detriment of all of our citizens, all of our businesses in this country, which is a--it is basically your own moral judgments and political ideology that is being perpetrated as a result of--through the rulemaking that you--and the enforcement actions that you take.    One of the things that we discussed at our last meeting, and something that is in your testimony today, is the new procedures that you said you agreed to. One of them was that anytime a--you were to request that a bank would terminate a relationship with one's clients, you would do it in writing and indicate so with showing the legal reason for that, excluding reputational risk, and then have a VP, regional VP sign off on that. How many have you done so far since our meeting in January when you implemented these changes? Do you know?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I understand that. I thought maybe you might have a monthly report to share with us.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. Another question with regards to the FDIC Board, can you tell us who the Board Members are?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Sure.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Have you shared these Choke Point activities with your Board?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. But you have not shared this activity with the Comptroller of the Currency or the Director of the CFPB, Director Cordray?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. No, there is a big difference here. That is the reason for my question. Did you inform them of what your activity is here? This is Operation Choke Point. This is an operation within your agency that is condoned by you and all the activities that go on at the agency, and this should be something that should be at a Board level. You should be indicating it to your Board Members that this is happening. Did you do that?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. I am concerned because I think they all need to be aware of it, and we had testimony of one these gentlemen. They didn't hear of it, didn't know of it, weren't aware of it.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. It would seem to me that is where we certainly need to go with some of this stuff.    I guess just a follow-up on the chairman's last comments with regards to--and we have had this discussion, Mr. Chairman--the culture that you have allowed to happen in the FDIC. How do you propose to solve the problem at this point?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. But so far nobody has been fired, nobody has been demoted. The OGR report that shows there are people making statements like, we need to audit you, or threaten banks that, we will audit you if you don't comply with what is going on here, or these--certain industries don't have a moral right to exist, those people are still employed?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. If the chairman will indulge me with one more question. In your changes that you made, operational changes you have made, you also indicated that there would be a Web site and a hotline number for the IG.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. To be able to report activities. Have any activities been reported to this point?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.