    Ms. Gupta. Thank you. Good morning. Good morning, Chairman Goodlatte, Chairman Gowdy, Ranking Member Zoe Lofgren, and distinguished members of Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to speak before you today about the Justice Department's work to advance public safety and promote effective, constitutional, and community-oriented policing.    Around the country, State and local law enforcement serve as the first line of defense for public safety. They keep our families safe from harm, they fight crime on our streets, and as recent events painfully remind us, they do this demanding, often dangerous work, at great sacrifice and great personal risk.    So let us make no mistake: the vast majority of men and women who wear the badge serve our communities with professionalism, with integrity, and with distinction. They deserve our deepest respect and our steadfast support. Yet when police departments engage in a pattern or practice of unconstitutional policing, their actions can severely erode community trust and profoundly undermine public safety.    In 1994, Congress charged the Justice Department with a responsibility to investigate law enforcement agencies for a pattern or practice of conduct that violates Federal law, and when necessary, to develop remedies to eliminate such misconduct.    Today, I will discuss our work with the New Orleans Police Department by explaining the problems we found and the reforms that the city agreed to implement. In May 2010, New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu requested that the Justice Department conduct an independent investigation of NOPD's systems and operations. In a letter, Mayor Landrieu stated that he inherited a police force described by many as one of the worst police departments in the country.    Following our fact-driven and comprehensive investigation, we published our findings in a detailed 141-page letter. Among other violations, we found evidence that NOPD was unfairly enforcing the law or failing to enforce the law based on race, ethnicity, national origin, and other protected characteristics. These discriminatory policing practices eroded trust. Crime victims and witnesses, especially in Latino communities, felt afraid to share information with the police. This hurt public safety.    In the context of reporting crime, one community member told us, ``Out of fear, we stay quiet.'' I know many law enforcement officials and leaders around the country understand these concerns and recognize the very critical and important link between community trust and public safety.    In 2012, New Orleans and the Justice Department entered into a comprehensive negotiated consent decree approved by the Federal court in 2013 to resolve our allegations of unlawful police misconduct. The decree requires NOPD to make important changes in policies and practices related to the use of force, stops, searches, and arrests, the prevention of discriminatory policing, and officer training oversight and supervision.    In February of this year, after seeking input from the New Orleans community, the court appointed monitor, the Federal district court, as well as the U.S. Departments of Justice and Homeland Security, NOPD issued a new policy to help officers provide services effectively and fairly to all people in the city, regardless of their immigration status or the color of their skin.    Last week, NOPD updated its policy to clarify that it complies with a specific Federal statute, 8 U.S.C., section 1373, to ensure that officers understand that they can send and receive information regarding an individual's immigration status and to most effectively advance nondiscriminatory policing. The policy also states that NOPD officers can take law enforcement action and assist in immigration enforcement when there is a threat to public safety, to execute criminal warrants, and to safely execute a court order.    By facilitating a culture of trust and cooperation, the policy will help local and Federal law enforcement protect public safety. The hardworking men and women of the New Orleans Police Department continue to do precisely that by fighting crime in partnering with Federal law enforcement to identify and prosecute people who have committed violent crimes.    We strongly believe that this policy will help restore trust with crime victims and witnesses, enhance the sharing of information, and, in so doing, make the entire New Orleans community safer. In New Orleans and in any city the Justice Department works with, real and lasting reform can't happen overnight, and we recognize the vital role of sustained collaboration with the entire community, from police officers to public officials and to community members.    And I want to commend officials from the city and the NOPD for their partnership throughout this process. And I view our dialogue today here as an important part of that same process about how police reform can help make the residents and officers of New Orleans safer for generations to come. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Gupta. Hold on. Now it is on.    Ms. Gupta. Sorry about that.    Ms. Gupta. So we launched our investigation into the New Orleans Police Department in 2010 and uncovered very pervasive, widespread acts of misconduct related to specifically excessive use of force, stop searches, and arrests; discriminatory policing, and the like.    And one of the goals that we had when we had come in at the invitation of Mayor Landrieu was to ensure that the New Orleans Police Department would be able to carry out its core function of providing effective policing and constitutional policing to keep all residents of New Orleans safe. And in our 141-page findings report, we detailed, after extensive data, interviews, a lot of engagement with NOPD officers and command staff as well as community members that these violations had thoroughly undermined the NOPD's ability to solve and prevent crime in New Orleans. And in the years since, since we have enacted this consent decree, we have been working collaboratively with the city and with the brave men and women of the New Orleans Police Department to address these and to finally give New Orleans police officers the tools that they need to have the trust of all of their residents and to be able to fight violent crime.    Ms. Gupta. The Justice Department believes the policy, even in February, complied with Federal law, the revisions that we just put into effect were made out of an abundance of caution after we received inquiries from officials in Louisiana as well as we reviewed our inspector general's memo, and in an abundance of caution, to ensure total clarity about the fact that the policy must comply with 1373, we literally lifted the language of the statute, put it into the policy to make it very clear that NOPD officers can share information with ICE regarding an immigration status or citizenship status of an individual, they can assist in operations in response to direct threats to public safety or where there is an independent law enforcement reason for doing so, they can assist in executing a criminal warrant, they can assist in the enforcement of court orders. So the revision was made to ensure total clarity with compliance with Federal law.    Ms. Gupta. Yes.    Ms. Gupta. Congressman, let me just make one thing clear, if I could, that there is nothing in the NOPD policy that prevents officers from requesting----    Ms. Gupta. Yes, there are. The Constitution obviously prevents the racial profiling in the exercise of----    Ms. Gupta. Where there is a direct and articulated reason, reasonable suspicion, probable cause, these are the----    Ms. Gupta. Sure. Well, it is against the law to engage in discriminatory policing where----    Ms. Gupta. I do. I am happy to finish the sentence or to yield.    Ms. Gupta. Thank you. Yes, it is illegal and against the law to engage in discriminatory policing, to take policing decisions solely on the basis of one's race or other kind of protected characteristic, yes.    Ms. Gupta. We have not.    Ms. Gupta. That is right.    Ms. Gupta. That is right.    Ms. Gupta. No.    Ms. Gupta. Yes. The reason why we made the revisions most recently was to clarify very clearly that the policy complies with 1373, that ICE officer--that NOPD officers can share information regarding the immigration status of an individual with ICE, that there is nothing in NOPD policy that prevents officers from requesting immigration status from ICE as well.    Ms. Gupta. Yes. Thank you for the question, Congresswoman. We have heard this from a number of leading law enforcement leaders, but also I think very importantly, the reason why this policy was undertaken was to help the NOPD fight violent crime. When we--in the course of conducting our investigation in New Orleans, we heard from any number of victims and witnesses who were afraid or refusing to cooperate with the NOPD who had critical vital information about crime, and that it was undermining the NOPD's ability to solve and prevent violent crime in those communities.    Ms. Gupta. My office prosecutes cases, yes.    Ms. Gupta. People of the United States.    Ms. Gupta. The District Court at both points, both in February and in issuing this revised policy, had reviewed the policies. Yes.    Ms. Gupta. There is, for somebody who has been accused of a violent crime, the NOPD is absolutely entitled in its authority to prosecute to the law to the fullest. And there is nothing in this policy----    Ms. Gupta. But, let me just again make clear that the reason we undertook the policy was to ensure that NOPD could fight violent crime could get the kind of critical information from victims and witnesses who need to share critical crime information with the NOPD in order to solve and prevent violent crime and----    Ms. Gupta. No. New Orleans under this policy, the policy does not violate Federal law. And right now we are working with the City of New Orleans to ensure constitutional policing.    Ms. Gupta. That is right. The policy makes clear that NOPD can communicate with ICE and request information from ICE about a person's immigration status and citizenship.