    Ms. MENG. Thank you, Chairman Tiberi, Ranking Member McDermott, and our distinguished Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to share my proposals with you. I am here today to discuss H.R. 3117, the Fund Essential Menstruation Products, or FEM Products Act of 2015.    Before I get to my legislation, I want to share just how important access to affordable feminine hygiene products is. Access to these products is a serious and ongoing need for women and girls in the United States. When women are able to purchase quality safe and affordable feminine hygiene products, we are able to continue on with our daily lives at work, at school, and in our communities with minimal interruption.    According to a Feeding America survey from 2011, people across the country at all income levels listed these products as ``items that cannot be foregone or easily substituted.'' When women do not have access to sanitary feminine hygiene products, we are forced to substitute cheap materials, and this can cause some serious health problems.    Unfortunately, this happens every day in the United States. This is a real issue in New York City, so much so that the YMCA of Greater New York began providing these products to young women and girls in order to make sure that these girls actually stayed in the programs and stayed in school. The YMCA now provides these products as part of the first aid kits at many of their programs across our city. Feminine hygiene products are also among the most requested items at food pantries and homeless shelters in New York City.    But this is not just an issue for low-income or homeless women and girls. Women make up 50.8 percent of the U.S. population. And in an average lifetime, a woman will use about 10,000 tampons or pads, 2 of the most common types of products. Purchasing these products is a continuous and costly expense for women that women must bear for much of our lives, from when menstruation begins at about age 12 to the time of menopause at approximately 54 years of age. Many women will spend at least $7,000 over the course of our lives.    Now, different population of women and girls face different barriers, in terms of access to affordable feminine hygiene products. I introduced H.R. 3117 to help women and their families to mitigate the costs of purchasing these products. This bill will also add feminine hygiene products to the list of items that can be purchased with funds in an FSA, flexible spending account.    An FSA allows for individuals to place up to $2,550 of their income in an untaxed account where the money currently can be used for certain medical expenses like bandages, crutches, and prescription medications. It only makes sense to include tampons, pads, and other feminine hygiene products, as well.    I also plan to introduce legislation that would create a refundable tax credit for feminine hygiene products for individuals who regularly use them. I am currently in discussion with advocates and industry experts to best determine yearly expenses. And I will scale the tax credit accordingly. It would cover low and middle-income individuals and families, and there would be no limit to the number of dependents who can claim this credit. A family with three teenage daughters or a same-sex female couple should receive a credit in accordance with their real costs.    I have already spoken at length about the great need for assistance in this area. A tax credit would help families afford these costly items and ensure that women and girls can continue to lead their lives without worrying about this basic health care need.    My efforts are part of an international movement to make these products more affordable through common-sense tax policy. Currently, 40 out of the 45 states that have a sales tax charge these products as luxury items. The sales tax is affectionately known as the Tampon Tax. In the past year, legislation to remove the tax has been introduced in seven states, including my home state of New York, where it has already passed both houses of the state legislature, and is awaiting the governor's signature. On the international stage, Canada got rid of this tax last year, and the United Kingdom has engaged in a heated debate over the issue for the past year, as well.    This is a complicated issue, because different populations of women and girls face different barriers in terms of accessibility and affordability. As Members of Congress, we should ensure that women and girls have access to safe quality and affordable feminine hygiene products, however we can. Thank you.