    Mr. King. Good morning. I thank each of you for being here. Sorry I didn't get a chance to talk to you beforehand, but Mr. Higgins and I were comparing notes up here and--2 great minds get together----    Mr. King. But there are 3 greater minds down there. But, anyway, I want to thank you for being here. The Committee on Homeland Security Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence will come to order.    The subcommittee is meeting today to hear testimony from 3 distinguished experts regarding the future of Iran's use of terror proxies and what threat these networks pose to the United States.    I would like to thank the Ranking Member for his support in putting this hearing together and, of course, thank the witnesses for being here today. Now I recognize myself for an opening statement.    At the outset, I just want to put on the record that I strongly oppose the Iranian nuclear agreement. I believe it is a false deal, which gave Iran $100 billion, access to global markets, and greater freedom of movement.    This morning, we have seen even more evidence of Iran's true nature, as they released sensitive, embarrassing photographs of U.S. sailors during their illegal detention in Iran. This is the type of action you expect from an outlaw nation, not a nation which has just entered into an agreement, which has elements of good faith in it. To me, it is an indicator of the real thinking behind the leaders in Iran.    Since the deal was signed, the administration has basically apologized to the regime, improperly altered U.S. law to allow certain travelers that have been to Iran and other terror hotspots to come to the United States without getting a visa.    While the White House and State Department have been moving forward with the Nuclear Deal, intelligence professionals in and out of Government have been consistent that Iran and its proxies still pose a significant threat.    Just the other day, in his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, acknowledged that Iran is, ``The foremost state sponsor of terrorism and employs the Islamic Revolutionary Guards, Quds Force, Hezbollah, and other proxy groups.'' Director Clapper added that, ``Iran and Hezbollah remain a continuing terrorist threat to U.S. interests and partners world-wide.''    Similarly, the most recent State Department Country Report on Terrorism noted that, ``Iran's state sponsorship of terrorism world-wide remains undiminished.'' The National Counterterrorism Center public website notes that Hezbollah, ``has established cells world-wide.''    It lists a number of plots across the globe linked to the group, including the 2008 plotting by a cell in Baku, Azerbaijan, the late-2008 disruption of a cell in Egypt, a disrupted operation in Turkey in 2009, and, in early 2011, Israel warned its citizens of several Hezbollah plots against Israeli interests in Turkey, Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Cyprus.    In July 2012, Hezbollah exploded a bomb on a bus in Bulgaria. Not included on the list are the 1985 hijacking of TWA flight 847 and murder of the American, Robert Stethem, and the 2 bombings linked to Hezbollah in Argentina in the 1990s.    Let us also remember that Iran has held a number of senior al-Qaeda leaders since they fled Afghanistan after the 9/11 attacks. Whenever it suits Iran, they release some of these terrorists, including Muhsin al-Fadhli, a senior leader of al-Qaeda-linked Khorasan group, who was killed in a drone strike in Syria, and Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, who was Osama bin Laden's son-in-law, who is now serving a life sentence in a U.S. prison.    Given these threats, it is imperative we examine how the administration's Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action will influence Iran and its use of terrorist proxies. While the deal is intended to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon, as DNI Clapper noted in his testimony, Iran's, ``military and security services are keen to demonstrate that their regional power ambitions have not been altered by the deal.''    The deal is far more likely, I believe, to reward Iran, its bad behavior, with billions of dollars and improved international standing. While the administration is praising itself for completing this agreement, Iran is likely to exploit every opportunity to either weaken the few restraints the deal places on them or using their new-found wealth to further destabilize the Middle East.    We must analyze the effect this agreement has on Iran and how its proxies will change their behavior. New income from renewed foreign investment and access to funds previously seized by the West will absolutely be used to support terrorist networks. How will these groups invest this money, and does the United States face an increased threat as a result?    No. 2, Tehran will certainly provide additional resources to Shiite militias fighting on behalf of the Assad regime in Syria and to the Assad government directly. Despite the President's insistence that he wishes to see Assad go, he has negotiated an agreement nearly guaranteed to comfort Assad, by ensuring that his benefactors in Iran have the resources they need to support his government.    Does this deal reduce the likelihood that we will be able to end the Syrian civil war and destroy both the Assad regime and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria? Will the Shia militias again pose a threat to U.S. personnel in the region?    One of the most obvious concerns is the fact that our major regional partners, especially Saudi Arabia and Israel, are threatened by an Iran no longer burdened by sanctions. How will they respond to increased and better-funded Iranian aggression?    All of these questions are urgent. I have called this hearing today to begin to find reliable answers to inform Congress and the next administration on how to best prevent Iran and its proxies from threatening U.S. interests and the homeland.    Today, we have witnesses that will provide insight as to what to expect in the coming years from Tehran and their allies. I look forward to hearing from them and thank them for their time.    Mr. King. Now I recognize the Ranking Member of the subcommittee, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Higgins, for his opening statements.    Mr. King. Well, I can't top that. Congratulations, Mr. Saab. Thank you.    Mr. King. You are still coming here. Wow, okay.    Other Members of the subcommittee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Mr. King. We are pleased to have a distinguished panel of witnesses before us today on this vital topic.    The first witness will be Mr. Tzvi Kahn, who is a senior policy analyst for the Foreign Policy Initiative, where he has written extensively on Iran and their foreign and security policy. He previously served as the assistant director for policy and government affairs at AIPAC.    He holds a master's degree in Middle East Studies from the George Washington University's Elliott School of International Affairs and earned his bachelor's degree in English and in Classical Languages from Yeshiva University.    Mr. Kahn.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Kahn.    Our next witness is Mr. Ilan Berman. He is vice president of the American Foreign Policy Council in Washington, DC, and is an acknowledged expert on regional security in the Middle East, Central Asia, and the Russian Federation, and has consulted for both the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency and the Department of Defense.    Mr. Berman is a member of the associated faculty at Missouri State University's Department of Defense and Strategic Studies, and serves as a columnist for Forbes.com and The Washington Times, and is the editor of the Journal of International Security Affairs. He has written several books, including the most recent, ``Iran's Strategic Penetration of Latin America,'' published in 2014.    Recognized for 5 minutes. Thank you, Mr. Berman.    Mr. King. When I say 5 minutes, just keep it roughly within that time. Don't worry about it.    Mr. King. Our next witness is Mr. Bilal Saab. He is the resident senior fellow for Middle East Security with the Brent Scowcroft Center on International Security. He also serves on the board of several research organizations, excuse me, in the United States and the Middle East.    He has received awards from the Atlantic Council and from the Center for Strategic and International Studies. He has previously worked at the Institute for Near East and Gulf Military Analysis, the Sabin Center for Middle East Policy at Brookings, and the Center for the Study of Terrorism and Political Violence at the University of St. Andrews in the United Kingdom.    He has a B.A. from the American University of Beirut, a master's in International Security Studies from the University of St. Andrews, and a M.A. in International Security Policy from the University of Maryland.    With that, I am pleased to welcome you and look forward to your testimony. Congratulations, again, on the newborn. Everybody healthy and everything fine? Great. Good. Okay.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Saab.    I thank all of you for your testimony.    My first question will be to you, Mr. Saab: Do you think it is just that Iran is just a patron of Hezbollah? I mean, how much control does Iran have over Hezbollah? Assume there is a crisis between the United States and Iran. Could Iran direct Hezbollah to carry out an attack?    You said Hezbollah, it would have to decide whether or not they want to take action against the United States. How much leeway would they have if Iran came down and said, ``We want you to do this?''    Mr. King. Could that include an attack on the homeland?    Mr. King. I would like to, I guess, ask all of the witnesses this. As I said, I opposed the Iran agreement. But, quite frankly, I thought we would at least see 6 months to a year of good behavior on Iran's part, at least to go through the motions to show that there was some salutary effect from this agreement, that Iran was going to try to become a respected member of the community of nations.    Yet, as you mentioned, they seem to be going out of their way, you know, since the agreement was reached, to almost provoke the United States, probably most notably with the seizure of the sailors and then today, I said, you know, the release of the photos.    First of all, I will ask you, were you surprised by that? Second, what is their intention in doing this?    Mr. King. Mr. Saab.    Mr. King. Okay. Mr. Higgins.    Mr. King. Several more questions.    Brian, I know you have to leave. Did you have any more questions you want to ask?    Mr. King. Okay. Thank you.    On the question of Syria, assuming that what the administration is looking for is that negotiations do go forward, that Russia has an influence in removing Assad or somehow getting Assad out of the picture, or at least wants to do that, how much control do you think Russia would have over Iran and Hezbollah, and bring that about, if Hezbollah did realize, or did see that it may lose a center of its operations by having Assad moved out? So, I guess, we will go across.    Mr. King. I can see what Iran wants, and my own belief, it is probably likely to go in the direction you are talking about. I guess, I am saying if, for whatever reason, Russia, for its own interests, decides that Assad should go, would Iran and Hezbollah--what would they do in that case?    I--basically, Iran has brought Russia in, or has encouraged Russia to be involved. What would they do if Russia, in effect, you know, goes to a policy which is against Iran's and Hezbollah's interests? We can go down the line. Mr. Kahn, you want to----    Mr. King. Mr. Berman.    Mr. King. Sure, yes.    Mr. King. Thank you.    Mr. Saab.    Mr. King. Thank you.    If I could bring you back to the United States. I guess it was 2011 when there was the attempted--or the planned attack in Washington on the Saudi ambassador and blowing up the restaurant, et cetera.    Has there been any conventional wisdom among the intelligence community, excuse me, that Iran would not attempt an attack here in the homeland? Obviously, there was one at that time planned.    Do you see circumstances in the immediate future, or even in the near future, where Iran would be willing to carry out an attack on the U.S. homeland?    Mr. King. At least publicly, there has been the consensus in the intelligence community and the law enforcement community, I believe, that Hezbollah, in this country, is mainly fundraising, at this stage, that they are not overtly planning attacks within the United States.    Assuming, for whatever reason, let's say there was a number of top Iranian officials were killed and the Iranians believed the U.S. was behind it, or the world thought the United States was behind it, is there a button they can press to unleash Hezbollah on this country?    In other words, is Hezbollah--do you believe there are Hezbollah elements in this country, who could respond to an order from Iran? Attack within this country, not our interests overseas, our interests here?    Mr. King. Mr. Berman.    Mr. King. Would they have the capacity, I guess, if they did want--if they were ordered to do it, and they wanted to do it, do they have a capacity to carry out attacks here in the United States? Hezbollah?    Mr. King. Mr. Kahn.    Mr. King. Mr. Saab, you wanted to add? Yes?    Mr. King. Okay. This will be my last question. It is for Mr. Saab, and either of you can comment on it, also.    I think, in answer to a question before, you said Hezbollah realizes that if they did confront the United States, that we could wipe them out or eliminate them. How could we do that? I am glad to hear that, but how would you see that being done?    Mr. King. Mr. Berman.    Mr. King. Mr. Kahn.    Mr. King. Let me thank all the witnesses. If anyone has anything to add, they certainly can. But I want to thank you for your testimony here today. You have certainly taken a very complex situation and applied a level of coherence to it that we haven't had before.    So I want to thank you for that, and just want to state for the record that the Members of this subcommittee may have additional questions for the witnesses. We would ask you to respond to those in writing. Any of the Members, especially those who were not here, and pursuant to committee rule 7(e), the hearing record will be held open for 10 days.    Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.