    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary, thank you so much for being here. Let me get right to my questions.    Something happened just recently--last evening, actually, at the eleventh hour. EPA released an addendum to the internal report it released in August. Secretary Jewell, do you know that EPA was working on an addendum to the August internal report?    Mr. Thompson. OK. So you were not familiar with that report being released, were not informed about it at that point?    Mr. Thompson. Well, actually, I think the EPA may be throwing you under the bus, at least in parts here. The addendum indicates that EPA recently re-interviewed two on-scene coordinators, presumably the two who were responsible for the Gold King Mine spill; but their names, obviously, were conveniently blacked out, so who knows who EPA spoke to.    In any case, they ask about DOI's report. So, now we have the EPA investigating the Department of the Interior investigating the EPA. Sounds a bit ludicrous, but certainly it affirms the report did not answer the questions it should have answered.    Now, Secretary Jewell, is the EPA wrong, or do you stand behind your report?    Mr. Thompson. Well, one thing it seems that you did get wrong--and I am not sure how EPA and the Department of the Interior both screwed up on this one--but, it basically is more of a technical issue. It really just comes down to the height of the mine opening.    On August 12, EPA's contractor said the mine had been measured after the blowout, and the opening was 10 feet wide by 15 feet high. Your report, released on October 22, said that the mine opening was thought to be 10 feet tall. But after a blowout, the supporting timbers were measured and found to be 8 feet tall. Plus the crown of the mine opening at the portal area was slightly higher than 8 feet. And now, on December 8, the EPA says the entrance to the mine was actually 19 feet tall in their addendum report.    Secretary Jewell, does the Department of the Interior even know the measurements of the mine entrance? That seems like a pretty fundamental fact, especially when EPA was digging into a mine that they knew might be full of contaminated water.    Mr. Thompson. Certainly, you understand my concerns. I mean what a variant--somewhere around 8 feet to 19 feet and varying opinions at different times. If we cannot get those basic critical facts straight, how can we make the argument that the Federal Government is the appropriate party to clean up these mines? It is abundantly clear that the EPA and Department of the Interior should not be anywhere near abandoned mines.    And, Secretary Jewell, you should be ashamed of the Department of the Interior for becoming complicit in what appears to be the EPA's negligence in utterly failing to write a report that told us anything of substance about what actually happened at the Gold King Mine. If I were you, I would be concerned that your colleagues in the EPA appear that they are looking for a scapegoat at this point.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Gosar.