    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I find it comforting that--or maybe not so comforting to think that the question I really wanted to talk about was ALIS and it is one that is of concern to the chairman. As a former aviator and, also, a logistics officer, let's talk maintenance and logistics and ALIS.    I am concerned that the manpower it takes to clear every single one of those false positives--false negatives is driving up maintenance costs and now you have got more and more man-hours or person-hours or airmen-hours or contractor-hours that have to clear every single one of those.    In addition, whether it is 80 percent or whatever it is, I would like to know--and you don't have to give it to me today because I doubt, General, that you have it--how often are you getting a circle red X or a red X status on aircraft that is driving down the aircraft availability for missions and for different mission profiles? Because now, even if it is a false positive, you are affecting mission readiness for the aircraft.    And you talked about problems with the system in the past, not necessarily ALIS, but problems that have been fixed, last year the helmets--Generation II and Generation III helmets.    Is there a timeline in place to fix all of these problems with ALIS? Do you have benchmarks in place: ``In 6 months you will have X number of lines of codes fixed and within a year we will be at this point''?    And then the final question is--one of the issues is not even software. We are talking about the size, bulk, and weight. My understanding is, during the carrier integration phase, ALIS could not deploy and, instead, the USS Hornet had to rely upon the ALIS system at Fort Worth, Texas, for logistical support because it was too bulky to deploy onto the , which, you know, as someone who flew small aircraft, if you couldn't carry it in the aircraft or sling-loaded under the aircraft, it didn't go with you. The idea that you would have an integral part of your maintenance system that can't even fit on the USS is very, very troubling to me.    General Bogdan. Yes, ma'am. Relative to the plan, we absolutely do have a plan for ALIS. As I said before, until about 2 years ago, we weren't treating ALIS much other than a piece of support equipment. We now recognize that it could be its own weapons system.    So we have put all the system's engineering discipline, the software metrics--the same kind of things we did for the airplane we are doing for ALIS. So, as an example, this summer the U.S. Marine Corps will declare IOC with a version of ALIS we call 2.01. Today in the field we have Version 1.03. So there is an upgrade program going on.    The U.S. Air Force next summer will get 2.02 because we are doing incremental upgrades on ALIS. I will take it for the record that we will show you that integrated and incremental plan to improve ALIS.    Relative to the deployability of ALIS, you are spot on, ma'am. Today ALIS sits in a squadron and it is a rack of computers that weighs probably 800 to 1,000 pounds. We recognized a year and a half ago that was not going to work for deploying forces.    So today we are redesigning ALIS into what we call a Version 2 deployable version. That will be ready for the Marine Corps this July. It is two-man portable. It comes in about three or four different racks. They take it apart and--two men can put it back together and take it apart.    In the future, we will build all of the ALIS system in this deployable configuration and we will get rid of the old 1,000-pound racks we have at the squadrons now. But you are right on, ma'am.    Ms. Duckworth. I would like to make several requests, General.    I would like to know what you think will be the point of acceptable for ALIS's performance, 80 percent--whatever you said. I am sorry to be all up your tailpipe in this, but we have gotten to the point where Members of Congress are really concerned.    So what are you determining to be acceptable? When will you get there for the software system? You already told me what acceptable is for the size. Right? You said July, two-man portable.    And then I would like to know what the maintenance cost has been due to the false positives and how much of that cost will be decreased and what you expect that cost to be in terms of increased manpower hours for both your uniformed personnel as well as for the contractors and all the maintenance that comes about with having to clear every one of those codes.    General Bogdan. That is a great set of questions, ma'am. I will take them for the record and we will plan on having that discussion after this hearing.    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.