    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank our panel for being here this afternoon.    It is always good to take stock on anniversaries. So we are at 5 years now for Dodd-Frank. I would like to go back though 7 years before Dodd-Frank, just to set the record straight. We have heard a lot about Fannie and Freddie. I want to remind people what was going on in the early 2000s, an attempt to reform what was going on at Fannie and Freddie.    Indeed, this committee held a hearing on September 25, 2003, on whether there needed to be some reforms with the way things were being done at Fannie and Freddie. Regarding these entities and its regulator, Barney Frank made a number of really striking statements, including this one, ``I do think I do not want the same kind of focus on safety and soundness that we have in the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Office of Thrift Supervision for the Fannie and Freddie regulator. I want to roll the dice a little bit more on this situation toward subsidized housing.''    Dr. Calabria, any reaction to rolling the dice?    Mr. Rothfus. But they are wrong on Fannie and Freddie.    Mr. Rothfus. And it was a big contributing factor to what we saw?    Mr. Rothfus. With Dodd-Frank. Now let's--I want to talk a little bit about Dodd-Frank and how it was marketed as a way to end too-big-to-fail.    Prior to its passage, then-Secretary Geithner claimed the law would end too-big-to-fail. And yet at the signing ceremony for the Dodd-Frank Act, President Obama proclaimed the following, ``After taking office, I proposed a set of reforms to empower consumers and investors to bring the shadowy deals that caused this crisis into the light of day, and to put a stop to taxpayer bailouts once and for all. Today, those reforms will become the law of the land.''    Of course, we know that Secretary Geithner backtracked from his suggestion that this would end too-big-to-fail. In 2014 the question came up, and he said, ``Of course, it didn't end too-big-to-fail.''    Dr. Calabria, I would like to go through the list that the President talked about and get your thoughts on whether the reforms that the President claimed have in fact been achieved. Specifically, has Dodd-Frank empowered consumers and investors, or has it resulted in fewer and more expensive choices for consumers, and reduced upward mobility, particularly for those economically disadvantaged groups who have historically had the most difficulty accessing credit?    Mr. Rothfus. Has Dodd-Frank eliminated shadow lenders, or has the avalanche of regulations that is imposed on our financial institutions actually led consumers to less regulated areas?    Mr. Rothfus. And finally, did Dodd-Frank put an end to taxpayer bailouts once and for all, or did it rather enshrine too-big-to-fail into law, resulting in an expansion of the Federal safety net and increasing the probability of future crises and bailouts?    Mr. Rothfus. Professor Zywicki, earlier this week the IMF released its annual review of the U.S. economy. The report found that some key vulnerabilities in the U.S. financial system have yet to be addressed, notably the housing finance system.    The IMF also found that the Federal Reserve's extraordinary loose monetary policy and low interest rates have encouraged firms to take on additional risks in search of better returns.    Finally, the report expressed concern about consolidation within the banking sector, particularly that large and interconnected banks dominate the system even more than before.    I find this report to be particularly troubling given that it was bad government housing policy and Fed monetary policy that helped set off the last financial crisis. Furthermore, there is much evidence out there that Dodd-Frank regulations and the SIFI designation process is actually encouraging additional consolidation rather than eliminating it.    What do you say to these concerns and those identified by the IMF?    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.