    Mr. Gallego. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    General Bogdan, the original concept of the F-35 platform was to retain about 70 percent similarity between the three variants in order to keep costs down on the budget. But as we know, this has not been achieved, which calls the original concept into question.    Knowing this, would you support programs in the future that aim for commonality between platforms for the services or do you think these efforts would also have too many cost and schedule overruns?    General Bogdan. Congressman, what I have said before about joint programs is that they are hard, they are neither good nor bad, and it really depends on how you manage them. But they are indeed hard, and they are hard because when you bring together a number of different customers that may have varying requirements, it is sometimes hard to meet all those requirements without going to the least common denominator.    And so what I would tell you is a decision to move forward on any platform in the joint arena would depend on how much overlap the services see in the requirements that they have. There are opportunities outside of a joint program to benefit from commonality, using similar engines, using similar flight control systems. But to embody that in the same airplane that would try and meet the requirements of varied customers is a really hard thing to do.    Mr. Gallego. I hope we will remember that in the future.    Moving on to pilots, though. An October subcommittee hearing discussed the problems with the ejection process for pilots. Two solutions you talked about were developing lighter helmets and managing parachute timing after ejection. However, today we find out the GAO report notes that the helmet weight was not the root cause of neck injuries during ejection.    What is the status of the efforts to protect our pilots, one? And with certainty, can you say that we've identified all the problems related to this issue?    General Bogdan. Yes, Congressman. One point of clarification. There are two technical issues as to why a pilot less than 136 pounds has an added risk of injury during ejection. One of them is indeed because the helmet is too heavy, but the other is a technical issue having to do with the way the seat fires up and the center of gravity of a light pilot. But both of those problems contribute.    We have three fixes in place to remedy this. The first is an ejection seat switch. That will be set by the pilot based on his or her weight. We have tested that. We are in the design phase of it. And that fix will be cut into production on our lot 10, and we will start retrofitting airplanes with that fix in November of this year.    We also have a head support panel, which is a pad that will be sewn into the risers of the parachute. That fix has been tested. It too will be incorporated into lot 10 and it will start being retrofitted in November.    Relative to the helmet weight, we needed to get the helmet down to about 4.6 pounds. We are in process of doing that as we speak. Originally the estimate was that that helmet wouldn't be ready for fielding until November of 2017. I can report now that that helmet will be available in November of 2016.    So when we have the switch, the helmet support pad, and the lighter helmet out there in November, I believe by the end of this year we can remove the requirement of a pilot not being able to fly the airplane less than 136 pounds.    Mr. Gallego. And then just the second portion of my question was, can you say with certainty that we have identified all the problems related to this issue in terms of our pilot safety ejection.    General Bogdan. Sir, we have 14 more sled tests and ejection tests to go between now and September. So I cannot tell you right now definitively that we won't find other things.    What I will tell you is we will completely test it. If there are problems, we have a good track record of fixing them. Because we will not put pilots' lives in danger by putting them in an airplane and an ejection system that is not safe.    Mr. Gallego. Thank you. I yield back my time.