    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome to the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, especially to our new members Ms. Radewagen and Ms. Rice. We welcome you. I know we will accomplish a lot under your stewardship, Mr. Chairman, of the committee during this session. Also thank you for your continued service to the United States Army and we are excited to have that level of experience and understanding that you bring from your experience in tackling the economic issues facing our veterans.    Transitioning from the military is a defining moment in all of our servicemembers' lives. Upon exiting the military at a minimum servicemembers should understand the resources available through their branch of service, the benefits awaiting them as veterans, and perhaps most importantly how to find a job. From a retiring commander to a one-term enlisted soldier leaving the military means different things to different individuals. There is no one answer as to how we can prepare these individuals for what comes next. Yet we have a responsibility to give them the best information available to help them focus on their next move as civilians. The Transition Assistance Program, or TAP, has gone through several iterations over the last several years and we expect it to continue to evolve as better practices are realized and implemented. The latest concept of TAP is Transition GPS, which is designed to deliver a wide array of information over a five-day period. One of the most important aspects of the program is a briefing on financial responsibility and access to financial counseling while still on active duty. Too many of our younger servicemembers are leaving the military without thinking about their financial futures and having access to a trained professional who can help guide them toward financial responsibility is extremely important. I look forward to hearing Dr. Kelly speak to the financial responsibility briefing and other aspects of the DoD portion of this training.    I am also looking forward to hearing from Mr. Coy about the VA portion of the training and how veterans are learning about how to access their veterans benefits. The Post 9/11 G.I. Bill is an incredible education benefit and I am very interested in hearing more about how servicemembers are learning about the optional education track briefing. Last Congress I was an original cosponsor to the legislation introduced by Congressman Flores that would have made the education track mandatory. In many instances student veterans are unaware of the differences between education institutions, the quality of education at those institutions, and the likelihood of finding a job upon graduation. The education track remains optional for the time being and I hope to hear from our agency witnesses that servicemembers are being encouraged to take this optional course if they are planning to use their education benefits.    Finally some portions of the Transition GPS training are now interactive and online. I am very interested in learning more about how servicemembers are utilizing these resources. I would also like to welcome our guests from the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion, Student Veterans of America, and Easter Seals Dixon Center. I look forward to hearing what some of the veterans you speak with are saying about TAP and any recommendations you may have.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You know, I will throw this question out to anybody who feels they can answer it. How is it that we can retain or engage engaging instructors? I think part of the problem is that we have, we have got a large trainer corps out there which has a great variety in terms of their skill level and equality and how do we retain these folks that are good, and how do we evaluate them?    Mr. Takano. All right, thank you. Ms. Dunmyer, I want to turn to a question, since you represent, your organization represents students, how much of a factor should the type of institution and the type of accreditation the institution has be in a veteran's decision of where to use their G.I. benefits? Do you think enough information about the type of accreditation is provided in TAP? I mean, for instance many veterans may not know that courses at a particular type of institution may not be transferrable. The difference between regional and national accreditation, for example. Is this information, how important is it? And is it in your opinion delivered with enough effectiveness?    Mr. Takano. I wonder whether or not the federal government has been able to track, or VSOs track the decisions that students have made vis-a-vis what educational institution they are attending, and whether we are able to measure a level of regret that they would have made better decisions had they known. I mean, whether we have been able to assess retroactively among people who have used their veterans benefits?    Mr. Takano. I am sorry, my time is up. Thank you. I would be very much interested in that information. Thank you.    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Titus, I mean I share your concern about trying to bring some of these job resources up to the front. Congressman Cook and I had cosponsored legislation for a pilot, Work for Warriors, which was not for veterans, but was for our guardsmen, but which directly placed people in the job. So we had employees that have jobs, we should be able to not just teach people how to get the jobs with the resums, but maybe find some direct placement.    But the question I have--and I in no way want to denigrate technical or other tracks--but, Ms. Dunmyer, do you have any idea how many of our servicemembers who are transitioning have issues with remediation? Because as I understand it, remediation education--remedial education is not currently covered as a funded part of their benefits, and I have a suspicion that it cannot be too far off of what the community colleges in California face. I mean up to 80 percent of our community college students who come to us are not really college-ready, and I know many of our servicemembers who are not attending the non-mandatory education track may not fully partake of their education benefits because they may be insecure about their readiness for college. But I want to get a handle on, you know, just the student success or non-student success that is tied to this college readiness issue. How many more of our veterans would maybe take on higher education if remediation were maybe funded by their veterans benefits?    And if you don't have the answer, maybe some others of you might step forward.    Mr. Takano. So you are saying that up to 50 percent of our veterans who actually have--are interested in seeking higher education--we are not even talking about those veterans who may have been maybe----    Mr. Takano . That our veterans who are going the higher education, using their benefits, up to 50 percent of them are sort of not college-ready at the outset, is that what you are saying? I mean it would seem to be a number that would be reasonable, given the generates that I have seen at community colleges.    Colonel Sutherland. Sir, if I can help?    We have seen the graduation rate is what Student Veterans of America was talking about. How many are college-ready is difficult to assess because our veterans may not complete for different reasons. They may not complete graduation or get to graduation because 50 percent of them are married. They may not get--and they have to take care of their families, so----    Mr. Takano. So we are not able to tease out, just aggregate out how many of those students may have started college not completely ready and may have even gotten discouraged because they couldn't complete their first year math or English class?    Mr. Takano. And I recognize there are other challenges beyond maybe the college-readiness which may impact our graduation rates at the colleges, but, specifically, because we don't fund remediation, remedial education, whether it is a semester, a year that we need to boost up that student's skills, this is an area that I am concerned with and trying to get a handle on the quantification of how many students may be involved.    Mr. Takano. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the extra questioning time.    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Gerton, you mentioned that servicemembers must meet career-readiness standards. Can you--what does that mean?    Mr. Takano. Can you incorporate the concerns about soft skills mentioned by the earlier panel into the career-readiness section?    Mr. Takano. This might not be under your purview, it might be under Mr. Coy's, but is there any point, you know, an emphasis on this career-readiness standards, assessing whether or not--what about the college-readiness, I mean, in terms of whether--obviously we don't do enough of the assessment of whether students are ready actually to go to college, but can you comment on that Mr. Coy.    Mr. Takano. That is wonderful.    Mr. Takano. I would love to get hold of that material from the DoD.    Mr. Takano. Wonderful. I commend you all for doing that.