    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, thank you for being here today.    At a time of sequestration, when we are cutting our funding for U.S. forces here in the U.S. and looking at everything from shutting down commissaries on bases to adjusting retirement benefits for our forces, we are looking at our future expenditures in Afghanistan. Now, I have concerns that we have sufficient oversight with how the Afghans are spending the money that we are providing them with the resource. And specifically, you had mentioned, you know, their lack of self-sustaining capability, logistical capability.    I would like to look specifically at their ability to account for personnel. We talked about already the over 20,000 troop attrition in the Afghan forces that has been reported.    You know, I rely on the Special Inspector Generals for Afghanistan Reconstruction's reports as to what is going on there and I see that there have been some real concerns. I mean, the numbers of Afghan military and police forces fluctuate significantly, sometime from quarter to quarter by as much as 20,000 or 40,000 personnel.    And I am worried that we are spending this money, we are not spending as much on our own U.S. forces here, we are spending money there, but, you know, those 40,000 troop fluctuations, are those best case scenario an accounting error? Those folks were never there, or they quit? Or were we paying for folks that were never there--ghost soldiers, as you were, that were on the books?    So can you talk a little bit about how we are providing oversight for the Afghans and help to them to figure out how they can get a handle on their forces and how they are spending this money that we are providing?    General Campbell. Yes, ma'am. Thank you for your service, as well.    You know, that is always a very, very tough, complex thing to get your hands around. People in our own Army, as you know, we have a hard time sometimes figuring out exactly who is present for duty, who is not.    Many of the figures I think you have seen in the last several days on numbers--you know, first off, we need to make sure that SIGAR and Members of Congress have total transparency on everything that we are doing inside of Afghanistan, and I want to make sure--and we are committed to provide SIGAR and, again, Congress everything they need to do that.    Some of the things are classified, and I--and back in August timeframe--so this is not a new story, but back in August when I got there I asked that we take a holistic look at all the information that was going out to not only the SIGAR but to the press and everybody else, and I said, ``Anything that is readiness data''--and sometimes numbers of people and how you take a look at that could be construed as readiness data--but I said, ``Anything that is readiness data for the Afghans needs to be classified.'' We just can't put that out, for the Afghans' good and also because we are wholly dependent upon the Afghans now for our own force protection. It became more so that I needed to have the readiness data classified.    The U.S. Army's readiness data is classified. All of our services' data is classified, as you know.    So that decision was made in August. I reaffirmed with President Ghani--in fact, he approached me about having that kind of data classified. And again, here in the last probably 2 weeks or so I went back to him and said, ``I want to make sure you are comfortable, because I am getting asked a lot of questions on this.''    He was absolutely adamant that Afghan data that pertained to readiness data was classified. So I feel very comfortable where we are at.    And I have not, as has been reported in some media, changed my mind. I have not. Readiness data remains classified.    Now, on the numbers of people--and again, the last report that came out a couple days ago from SIGAR, I think what happened there--and there is--again, I want to make sure SIGAR has everything they need to do their job and Congress has that information, as well. But I think numbers reported and numbers where you get that information comes from many different sources, and there is a report, called the 1230 Report, that Congress has dictated that I give, and that is sort of the--that is the base line, and that is where the numbers need to come from. And I think SIGAR understands that as well.    But I think some of the reports you saw and where the discrepancy were were like quarterly reports, and they may not have even come from my headquarters but they came from maybe lower headquarters, where members of potentially SIGAR went down to a lower headquarters, said, ``Hey, what are your numbers?'' And so we have to do a much better job at my headquarters to make sure that we have processes in place that we can provide the right data at the right time, but we have to have a better procedure to do that.    And we are working on that. I just signed a standard operating procedure to consolidate how we work that.    We have over 50, probably 62 different audits going on inside of Afghanistan, from SIGAR to AAA to DODIG --60-plus. And so as we have transitioned and brought our numbers down, I don't have the people in country to do all of that.    I am dependent upon reach-back or other ways, and we have got to come up with a way to be able to figure out how we provide audit data, but at the same time continue to transition. And I don't have that capability. I have to raise that with my own leadership as we go forward.    But the numbers that I think you saw the last couple days, I think there is a miscommunication. When I learned through The New York Times, not through SIGAR, that these numbers are going to be replaced, I contacted John Sopko with SIGAR and said, ``Hey, we need to take a hard look at this data you are getting ready to release. I don't think it is right.''    So I alerted him to that, they stopped the release of that piece. And again, we are looking hard at how we can continue to work making sure everybody gets the right data. Hopefully that got to your question.    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Scott.