    Dr. Christy. Thank you, Chairman Bishop for this opportunity, and Ranking Member Grijalva, I hope your investigation has found me to be an independently minded climate scientist.    I am John Christy, a professor of atmospheric science at the University of Alabama in Huntsville--we don't play football at my campus--an Alabama State climatologist. I have served in many climate capacities, including as a lead author of the United Nations IPCC.    My research might best be described as building data sets from scratch to advance our understanding of what the climate is doing, and why it does what it does. The main point of my testimony is simple; there is no causal link between the elimination of any single project and changes in the global climate. Thus, no individual project should be held up, due to climate change concerns.    But let me go much, much further. Suppose the United States closed everything and ceased to exist on this day, May 13, 2015. No people, no cars, no industry, no utilities. Climate models tell us the result of this imaginary scenario in 50 years might be a few hundredths of a degree, an amount smaller than the amount by which the global temperature already bounces around from one month to the next. The impact would be so small as to be unattributable to regulations. This result is well known, as described in my written testimony. I have presented similar calculations in Federal court that went uncontested.    But we should back up a bit and address the presumed causal link between CO2 emissions and climate change. You know, we monitor the climate for such variables as temperature. What we do not have is a direct and observable means to tell us why those changes occur. Our thermometers only tell us what has happened; they do not tell us why it happened.    To understand why these changes occur, we use climate models whose equations attempt to contain all of the important factors that affect climate. If they are accurate, we can then see how each factor, such as rising greenhouse gases, affects the climate and whether CO2 would be the cause of the changes we see.    Dr. Christy. As shown in my written testimony, and up on the chart here, the models failed the simplest validation test. They can't even reproduce what has already happened. All 102 model runs warm up the planet more than has actually occurred in the past 36 years. On average, the warming rate of the atmosphere in these models is three times reality. As a consequence, our science has not established the causal link between CO2 emissions and what the climate is actually doing.    Therefore, emissions cannot be used as a proxy for climate change. Further, the CEQ guidance gives a list of weather and climate events it claims are increasing, due to extra greenhouse gases. But, as demonstrated in my written testimony, several of these phenomena have shown no change, while CO2 emissions have risen. So there is no proof of a link. This evidence indicates that it has not been established that CO2 emissions have a confident and quantifiable causal link to climate change, whether one is talking about global temperature or about disruptive weather events.    Now, it is no secret that the state of Alabama is in a desperate fight with the Federal EPA. Our elected officials understand, as do I, their State Climatologist, that the regulations being established will do nothing to alter whatever the climate is going to do. We are fighting for our industries, which are being tempted by lower costs in Mexico and China, where their emissions will actually rise. We are fighting for our utilities, which sell over 30 percent of their electricity production to nearby states who need it. And we are fighting for the many poor people in our state who do not need another hike in their utility bills to satisfy a regulation whose only demonstrable impact will be this further drain on their meager resources.    This is a time when even so-called green countries like Germany and Japan are adding to their carbon emissions by building more coal-fired power plants, while the rest of the world is moving forward with affordable carbon-based energy. It simply does not seem to me to be scientifically justifiable or economically rational that this Nation should establish regulations whose only discernable consequence is an increase in economic pain visited most directly and harshly on the poorest among us.    Thank you.    Dr. Christy. I don't think so. I look at it from the scientific perspective, as a working stiff scientist. And the fundamental thing here is that there is no proof that these emissions cause specific things you see in climate. So how can one link a cause to an effect here? Because there is no proof of it. I build those climate data sets. It is not there.    Dr. Christy. That is correct. The emissions globally are so large, compared to what a country has, or what a single project would have, you would be spitting in the ocean, is what you would be doing.    Dr. Christy. As I showed in my chart, none of the climate models is able to reproduce the most simple of metrics, the global atmosphere temperature, over the past 36 years. This is a period in which we have had satellite information to show--and also independent balloon information--what has happened in the real world is not produced by these models that have a greenhouse gas effect in them. So we don't know what the effect of greenhouse gases are to the climate.    Dr. Christy. Well, two quick things. That is not provable. One cannot prove that. And, second of all, if you look at the charts I included in the testimony, drought around the world is not increasing. So we have no link, in terms of global drought, versus global emissions.    Dr. Christy. There is no increase in hurricanes. We have monitored them for 150 years. There is no increase in intensity or severity of hurricanes. So there is no link there.    Dr. Christy. That is not scientific.    Dr. Christy. Well, the simple answer to that is can they reproduce the past first? That should be a simple test. Can you reproduce what has already happened? And, as I demonstrated in the testimony, the climate models have been unable to reproduce what has actually happened in the past. I would not claim that they would have--I would have confidence in them to tell us what would happen in the future.    Dr. Christy. I think the better model is to look at the real world, as it is going on. And that is what we do, in observational science. I mean I built my first climate data set 50 years ago, before NEPA. So we can watch the real world. That will tell us what is going on. And not much is happening, in truth.    Dr. Christy. Well, I have done those calculations, Congressman. Our effect would be between five and eight hundredths of a degree. We would not even be able to measure any sea-level--the sea-level change would be so tiny as to be immeasurable.    By the way, sea-level has been rising for 20,000 years. It will continue to rise. So, no matter what anyone does about their emissions, it will continue to rise. It is not the inch per decade that is the problem; it is that 20 feet in 6 hours from the next hurricane. That is the problem. And that is a different kind of issue to address.    Dr. Christy. What I know of the social cost of carbon is minimal. I do know it is a black box, and that it is not representative of the science that we really have today. And one of the real shortcomings of the social cost of carbon is it does not consider the real benefits that come when people have access to low-cost energy, plus some other things. But when you add all those in, you find out burning carbon creates benefits, not costs.    But the fundamental climate parameters that are going into that model are that red line I showed you earlier, which is not what is happening in the real world. So, immediately, the social cost of carbon is giving an erroneous answer.    Dr. Christy. Dr. Christy. I don't consider myself a Galileo in that sense. No one has arrested me yet.    Dr. Christy. And it does get personal when you talk about chocolate cake, though. I wonder about that.    What I see as a real problem in the government is that there is an agenda that has been stated from the top: climate change, settled science, on and on and on, like that. That is a message to everyone in the agencies, which have the funding, to make sure that happens.    We do not see what I would call a red team situation, where, if an issue is going to cost the economy so much that you would set aside some funding to say, ``Are there problems with this, are there independent people, skeptical people, that will look and see what might be wrong with it''--I am one of the few people that actually builds these climate data sets from scratch, so that we can see what the real climate is doing.    Dr. Christy. Yes, being from Alabama, a lot of target numbers there----    Dr. Christy. So this is a target. That is the trend and the atmospheric temperature that has happened since 1979. That is the target that you want to hit with your climate model.    So, it is like we give someone 102 bullets to shoot at that target. OK, go to the next one.    Dr. Christy. That is what they got. Not a single one of these climate model projections was able to hit the target. That is the basis, though, on which the policy is being made, it is on those climate models, not on the evidence before us.    Dr. Christy. Yes, I think everyone here in this room can understand that slide, and I think they would understand something is wrong with the scientific theory we have about how greenhouse gases affect the climate. No one has said this slide is wrong. It has been available for over 2 years, or over a year. It took me a long time to build it, because that is downloading 102 models, and so on.    But that is, the way I understand it, the extreme claims about climate change are based upon what those models, what that red line is showing, and not on what the real world is actually doing.    Dr. Christy. Right, yes. And one other thing is I lived in Africa. So your comment about the woodburning stove, and so on--I can say this, without a doubt, that without energy, life is brutal and short. I witnessed it as someone living in Africa. And to withdraw energy, make it more expensive, make it inaccessible, that is not being--that is immoral.    Dr. Christy. OK. I would hope I could disabuse you of that 97 percent number. That has been debunked in several studies. So that is just not real.    Dr. Christy. Yes, and remember, the NASA Web site is controlled by a specific government. So the key about the diagram I showed is, when are the greenhouse gases supposed to be most evident, in terms of the response of the climate system. It is the last 36 years. That is the time period you need to study and see, because that is where the response is measurable, according to climate models. We can hardly measure much of a temperature increase in that time, as you saw on the chart.    So, that is why you want this period, because this is when greenhouse gases, the increase in greenhouse gases, would be affecting the climate the most.    The Chairman. Thank you. And if it was 30 percent of my state, I would be a lot nicer to you, as well.    Mr. Fleming.    Dr. Christy. There are many failings with that study that came up with the 97 percent. One was how the sample was chosen.    Dr. Christy. Who did the decision about whether someone came on one side or the other. That was one of the problems with that.    But when it comes to scientific method, I am right with you. If we think we understand a system, then we have to be able to predict it. If we can't predict it, we don't understand it.    Dr. Christy. The climate is clearly something we can't predict. Therefore, there is something very fundamental about the system we do not understand, as I have shown in the charts. And I think we have a long way to go.    Dr. Christy. Yes. That should concern everyone in this committee.    Dr. Christy. Well, I would say the policy is based upon some theory that needs a whole lot of correction to it.    But also, you should look at the numbers, too, about carbon emissions and coal burning, and so on. No one is following the United States on this. Emissions are rising. I mentioned Germany and Japan. Their emissions are rising. They are building more coal-fired power plants. So no one, really, is following us. Look at the numbers; they will tell you the truth.    Dr. Christy. Now we are talking about voodoo, I think. But I am familiar more with the inputs that are on the climate side. If the climate does this, I think it is basically the global temperature does this, then all these other factors are----    Dr. Christy . Supposed to happen, and theoretically happen. That is fundamentally the wrong input, because I have shown you that the input that is just based on the global temperature is already off by a good bit. So any of those downstream effects that the social cost of carbon determines are going to be off.    Dr. Christy. Yes. You are talking about an economic question.    Dr. Christy. I probably am not an expert at all on that. But I would say, since you start with a false or an erroneous input, you are not going to get a good answer at the end----    Dr. Christy . No matter what else you do on----    Dr. Christy. Right. We can test some of these things, as I have done. OK, let's shut down the United States. What would that affect be? So there are tests like that we can do. And they all show that these regulations and intents will just do nothing to whatever the climate is going to do.    Dr. Christy. Yes, thermometers tell us what has happened; they don't tell us why.    Dr. Christy. Yes. What I believe is irrelevant. I am just looking at data, the output from the theory, and the output from the real world. They don't match.    Dr. Christy. I think if you listened to what I said, Congressman, I said if you use the climate models, this is what they tell us.    Dr. Christy. What I believe is irrelevant.    Dr. Christy. I look----    Dr. Christy. I look at the information there----    Dr. Christy. I use the climate models--the magic sea model, which is the IPCC-approved model, to demonstrate what they would say.    Dr. Christy. That is pretty accurate, that CO2 is a greenhouse gas. All things being equal, it will cause increased warming of the atmosphere. The amount of that warming, from the evidence, from the observations, is quite small.    Dr. Christy. Well, yes, and especially about the droughts in California. That is where I started building my data sets, as a native of California. And it turns out that California has experienced droughts hundreds of years long, not just four.    Dr. Christy. This is more of a political discussion, but I will say that it was just a few years ago we graduated, wasn't it? But for the coming rainy season, I will pray for rain for California.    Dr. Christy. I would say no. It is very difficult to untangle the kinds of models that are there, and virtually impossible to reproduce exactly what is there. And that is fundamental to any kind of oversight you have. Can you independently reproduce the outcome of such a thing? And then you understand how it works.    But I just know in the part I deal with, on the climate part, that the input of that is already wrong, because it is based upon the climate models I showed are, basically, invalidated.    Dr. Christy. Oh, absolutely, yes.    Dr. Christy. That I would not be able to answer right off the bat.    Dr. Christy. Well, as we calculated the number, the project would have to be bigger than the entire economy of the United States of America.    Dr. Christy. In my opinion that would not happen. I hope it doesn't happen.    Dr. Christy. The climate is always going to be changing. Right now it looks like the effect of the enhanced greenhouse gases that we are putting into the atmosphere is pretty minor, and difficult to even extract from the way the natural climate system works.    I just look at numbers when we talk about the evidence here, and I don't see anything happening in the rest of the world that is going to change their means of getting energy, because carbon-based energy is the energy that powers the world. It lifts people out of poverty. That is not going to stop, no matter what the United States does.    Dr. Christy. Not right now, no. I take output from computer models.    Dr. Christy. The modeling, really, has gone on for 50 years for these global climate models. They are very expensive now, they are very complicated. I can't see a lot of improvement, though, in----    Dr. Christy. OK, yes.    Dr. Christy. They are peer reviewed quite often.    Dr. Christy. We have all kinds of information about what has happened in the past, so we have some sense about where we are at the present, and what changes are--how they relate to the past.    The Chairman. Well, I think many people, when they talk about climate, they actually think of weather, so that when it was raining back when I was back in Utah, and it was sunny here, in the 80s, and my friends were sending me pictures of them at the beach and I was upset about it, that is not the same thing.    Dr. Christy. I think one of the real problems here is that weather events that get so much attention because of video availability, and so on, are somehow linked to this global climate change movement, when droughts, floods, all these things have always been going on.    The Chairman. But it seems, also, that this climate issue is pretty irrelevant, if there is no legal authority to act upon it, anyway.    Dr. Christy. That would be up to you all to determine. I don't know about legal----    The Chairman. Let me just ask you, yes or no. I have 20 seconds left. Do you believe these guidances will produce more or less litigation in the future, based on these guidances?    Ms. Goldfuss, more or less?    Dr. Christy. I don't know.    The Chairman. That is cheating.    The Chairman. Mr. Clark?