    Mr. Allan. Thank you, Chairman Gibbs, Ranking Member Napolitano, for holding this hearing today.    The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative remains a top priority for the Great Lakes Commission and its member States, and we appreciate your oversight and your interest in it.    I serve as director of Michigan's Office of the Great Lakes, but I am here today as chairman of the Great Lakes Commission. I moved from acting to chair just the other day.    The commission was formed by eight States in 1955 to provide a common voice on behalf of the eight States on important Great Lakes issues.    The Great Lakes are a great national treasure and a vital economic interest. They provide us with multiple benefits, but most profoundly they constitute the social and cultural background for nearly 40 million U.S. and Canadian citizens who live within that basin. The lakes are a significant and growing component of our regional and national economies.    Restoring and properly caring for the Great Lakes is a longstanding and a bipartisan priority for our region's leaders, including my boss, Governor Rick Snyder. The focus has continued through Democratic and Republican administrations and enjoys broad-based support among States, tribes, cities, businesses, industries, and with conservation groups.    The commission and its member States have been deeply engaged with the GLRI since its inception. The States actually helped formulate some of the original GLRI focus areas and State staff are supporting many of the projects and actions underway either directly on projects or assisting local partners across each of our States. The States' contributions are vital to the program's success.    The GLRI is a strong and well-managed program that is targeting resources at our most serious problems and areas. It is supported by sound science, and is guided by an action plan with important performance metrics.    The GLRI has stimulated impressive progress over the past 5 years. Noteworthy highlights include actions to thwart bighead and silver carp from invading the Great Lakes, targeted nutrient reductions in watersheds contributing to dangerous algae blooms, and of course, the cleanups of the AOCs we have been talking about.    Really one of the most striking impacts, I think, has been in this area of AOCs, where the GLRI together with State resources and local resources and capacities is enabling communities to clear their legacy contamination and to revitalize degraded waterfronts, transforming them into once again valuable assets.    Last year we were very proud in Michigan that we were able to delist two of those AOCs, and it is really not the Federal Government that I want to think about and the States, but it is 30 years of people in communities that worked hard towards that end. So I want to recognize how important the communities have been. It is important, and they feel the benefit of that progress.    I will say though that it would not have been possible under any circumstance without GLRI to promote that activity. Communities have been waiting for decades for this kind of progress.    While the GLRI predominantly focuses on ecosystem improvements, it is also generating important cultural, social, and economic benefits for the region and the Nation and for our communities and should be recognized and celebrated. Businesses, jobs, wildlife, and people--people--are returning to waterfronts across the region that were once written off, ignored, forgotten about.    Performance metrics really cannot fully capture this evolution as much as we work towards that end, but it is profoundly important for local economies and for our quality of life and really, human well-being.    There is room for improvement, however. You have seen some of that in our written testimony. The commission's specific recommendations have been provided there. However, I will just highlight a few of the following things that we have already touched on, I believe.    First, we really urge improved coordination, consultation, engagement with the States. We really see ourselves as more than just stakeholders. We have sovereign authorities. We have regulatory responsibilities. We have direct connections to communities, and really work hand in hand with them and our Federal partners as well. We see this as collateral partnerships.    Second, we need to sustain State capacity to support an effective Federal-State partnership. We need to ensure that Federal programs are integrated with State priorities and workplans, and we must maintain State capacity towards that end.    Third, we must maintain long-term monitoring to assess progress, success, and as we have heard, to adapt over time.    Finally, we need to better target our nutrient reduction actions to prioritized watersheds that contribute to the formation of harmful algae.    While some of that coordination is directly beyond GLRI, it is in other programs and other Federal programs that can be aligned with both the Federal and the State interests, and the States can play a very unique role in helping that coordination amongst multiple programs.    In conclusion, the commission reiterates two priorities for Congress: sustained funding for Great Lakes restoration. We really need to continue the progress that we have seen, continue the efforts that really have been happening for decades with great success recently; and ultimately to pass formal legislation authorizing the GLRI.    The GLRI has generated real progress, progress that would not have occurred without it and refinements such as the ones in our testimony can build upon that success. The commission and its member States urge Congress to support the program, and we pledge, as States and through the Great Lakes Commission, our continued partnership towards the restoration of the Great Lakes.    Thank you.    Mr. Allan. Yes, thank you.    It has been subject to our written testimony as well. I think the States are feeling the necessity to be sort of engaged in some of the decisionmaking process, not just as the recipients of the funds, but really a little more upstream in that process to make sure that we can coordinate as much as we can with other existing State programs, State resources, and really at the community level, too, to help be part of that facilitation.    So I think that is an important aspect. As I said, I think the program has worked well. A lot of money gets targeted to the right things, but I think the States would like to see some further integration sort of upstream in that decisionmaking.    We did receive a letter to our letter to Administrator McCarthy.    Mr. Allan. They have not up to this point, but we have some commitments from EPA that the States will be included further in that deliberative process.    Mr. Allan. Yes.    Mr. Allan. I would agree. Having a suite of tools available, GLRI, Great Lakes Legacy Act, and then having a Federal agency in this case, EPA, through the Great Lakes National Program Office, through GLNPO, being able to really sort of be that voice and really have that set of relationships develop----    Mr. Allan. We think it has great importance moving forward.    Mr. Allan. It adds to that clarity and adds to the collaboration.    Mr. Allan. I have not yet. I think it was still in final testing, and I have not had a chance to take a look at it.    Mr. Allan. We will definitely.    Mr. Allan. Good question.    Mr. Allan. So we did pose that to the EPA in our letter to Gina McCarthy, and she has written us back just as of a day or so ago, and we can enter that letter into the record as a response.    And we do agree with it. She is going to invite us or open up additional quarterly discussions with the States, with the Regional Working Group. We think this will help really start to facilitate more sort of that front-end planning than just, you know, here are the priorities, here are the projects, here is where we have to go.    So as I mentioned before, we are really looking to move that upstream a little bit more in the decision process.    Mr. Allan. I would, and I will direct it in one hand specifically to the Area of Concern Program. That is one of the big pieces of GLRI.    Communities have set out very real markers for what they see on all the different beneficial use impairments. When they meet the next threshold to be able to remove that and if you remove all of the beneficial uses, then you can delist the area of concern. So that one has very real and definitive markers of success: habitat replacement, loss of habitat, fish, consumption of fish, all of those pieces.    And we see ``done'' in the case of GLRI and under Area of Concern Programs specifically when each of those markers are met and the community essentially agrees with the progress made.    So as principals and actions and projects take place in those communities, as we continue to delist the use impairments, whatever that is, once those are agreed to and acknowledged by the community, we can then move on to other things.    Mr. Allan. If we collect enough of those, then the community can celebrate its success.