    Secretary Regalbuto. Good afternoon, Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, and members of the subcommittee. I am pleased to be here today to represent the Department of Energy's Office of Environmental Management and to discuss the work that we have already successfully accomplished and what we plan to accomplish under the Presidential fiscal 2017 budget request.    The total budget request for the EM program is $6.1 billion, which includes $673 million of proposed mandatory funding and $5.3 billion for defense environmental cleanup activities. The request would allow EM to maintain a safe and secure posture across the complex, while maximizing our work on compliance activities.    I would like to take this opportunity to highlight a number of EM's recent accomplishments. At the Savannah River Site, the 4,000th canister of radioactive glass was recently poured. Achieving the milestone enabled us to close the seven high-level waste tanks. At the Moab Site, half of the estimated 60 million tons of uranium mill tailings have been removed and shipped to an engineering disposal cell. At Hanford, we have completed cleanup of the bulk of River Corridor, including more than 500 facilities and 1,000 remediation sites.    The fiscal 2017 budget request will allow us to continue to make progress in ongoing cleanup priorities. Among EM's top priorities is the safe reopening of WIPP . EM continues to support the recovery from two incidents at the facility that interrupted the nationwide program for the disposition of transuranic waste. The request will support initiating waste emplacement operations by December of 2016.    At Idaho, the request will support the Integrated Waste Treatment Unit. This facility is planned to treat approximately 900,000 gallons of sodium-bearing waste. At the Savannah River Site, we will complete construction and ramp up commissioning activities at the Salt Waste Processing Facility, which will significantly increase our ability to treat tank waste. In addition, we will continue to receive, store, and process spent nuclear reactor fuel.    At the Hanford Office of River Protection, the request supports continued construction of the Low-Activity Waste Facility, Balance of Plants, and outfitting the Analytical Laboratory, which are the centerpiece of the Department's plan to begin the direct feed of low-activity waste as soon as 2022.    The request for Richland allows us to continue important work on the Central Plateau and to complete the demolition of the Hanford Plutonium Finishing Plant, once one of the most dangerous buildings in the complex.    At Oak Ridge, the request supports continuing design for the Outfall 200 Mercury Training Facility at the Y-12 National Security Complex and complete the demolition of Building K-27, the last gaseous diffusion enrichment process building. It will mark the first time that a gaseous diffusion enrichment site has been completely decommissioned.    With the most challenging cleanup remaining, we understand the importance of technology development in reducing the lifecycle costs and enhancing our effectiveness. To help address many of the technical challenges involved, the request reflects a total investment in technology development of $33 million. The funding will allow us to continue to integrate robotics technologies into our efforts to help improve overall work and quality of life by easing the performance of physically demanding tasks.    In closing, I am honored to be here today representing the Office of Environmental Management. We are committed to achieving our mission, and we will continue to apply innovative strategies to complete our mission safely. Thank you, and I will be very pleased to take your questions.    Secretary Regalbuto. Thank you for your question, Mr. Wilson. I do recognize that this year the way the tables have been printed out are a little bit different than they have been done in the past, and we are providing in our Web site a sheet for everybody to follow and track exactly where everything is, which we will be happy to provide to you too.    In general, the budget request for Savannah River went up $111 million. This is actually a recognition of the mission of H Canyon, HB-Line, L-Basin, and L-Area. So with the plus-up of $111 million, it allows us to continue to support those decisions.    In addition to our traditional milestones, which are related to the processing of tank waste, we also have an opportunity to initiate another in-tank technology that we will be testing starting this year and then into 2018.    Secretary Regalbuto. I do use it every day, so I am very happy that our funding is properly----    Secretary Regalbuto. Thank you.    General Klotz. Could I just add, Mr. Chairman, of course H Canyon is extraordinarily important, not only to the work on the Environmental Management side, but also to NNSA. This is a key facility and one which we need to maintain for the long term.    Secretary Regalbuto. The Department of Energy (DOE) had proposed milestones, together with conditions that could require those milestones to be modified as additional information is obtained, based in part, on the need to resolve the remaining technical issues at the Waste Treatment Plant's Pretreatment and to a lesser degree, High-Level Waste facilities. The milestones proposed by DOE were also based on the uncertain amount of redesign activities that may be needed once technical issue resolution is completed. DOE informed the court that it will voluntarily initiate direct feed low-activity waste operations as soon as 2022, allowing vitrification to begin for the much larger low-activity portion of the tank waste prior to achievement of initial plant operations for the overall WTP complex. After the date of this hearing, the Court in the case of Washington v. Moniz, NO: 2:08-CV-5085-RMP, issued its third order regarding the parties' proposals to modify the Consent Decree. DOE is currently undertaking a detailed examination of the Court's decision. The tank cleanup mission at Hanford is both massive and complex. DOE remains committed to the successful completion and operation of the Waste Treatment Plant as a method for processing waste stored in underground tanks at Hanford as soon as practicable.    DOE does not expect to have a need to build more double-shell tanks. If, however, the construction of new double-shell tanks becomes necessary, DOE estimates it would cost $85 million to $150 million to build a new, one-million gallon double-shell tank.    A credible estimate of total lifecycle cost for the WTP design, construction, operation, and eventual demolition is not available at this time due to a number of uncertainties and technical and programmatic issues associated with the WTP Project. Key issues include: resolution of technical issues with the Pretreatment and High-Level Waste facilities; on-going efforts to re-baseline the Low-Activity Waste Facility, Analytical Laboratory, and Balance of Facility portions of the project; and assessment of the on-going litigation with the State of Washington. All of these factors will likely result in changes to the Total Project Cost for the WTP project and the costs associated with operations and eventual demolition.    Secretary Regalbuto. The Office of Environmental Management is confident of the safety and the content of the transuranic (TRU) waste containers currently stored above-ground at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant (WIPP). All waste emplaced at WIPP has been isolated in the disposal rooms, and separated from the environment and workers by steel bulkheads, in accordance with all applicable requirements.    Regarding future shipments to WIPP, including containers at the TRU waste generator sites awaiting shipment and TRU waste containers that will be shipped to WIPP in the future, our TRU waste program efforts will ensure there is no threat of a thermal reaction similar to the breached drum containing nitrate salt-bearing waste from the Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL).    This confidence is based on rigorous changes made at WIPP which include: completion of corrective actions identified in response to the WIPP Accident Investigation Reports; enhancements to the WIPP safety envelope, the WIPP Safety Management Programs and safety basis; improvements to the oversight and assessments of the TRU waste program by WIPP management and operations contractor, the Carlsbad Field Office and DOE Headquarters; rigorous new requirements for the characterization of waste, chemical compatibility and waste container constituents; and improvements to the WIPP waste acceptance criteria. The inventory of LANL wastes remaining from the waste stream involved in the WIPP incident will be treated to ensure any risk is fully mitigated prior to shipment to WIPP.    Secretary Regalbuto. The Joint Explanatory Statement to the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114-113) states that ``The Office of Environmental Management shall not accept ownership or responsibility for cleanup of any National Nuclear Security Administration facilities or sites without funding specifically designated for that purpose. The Department of Energy (DOE) is directed to identify all requests for transfers of facilities or projects from other DOE offices in its budget request justifications in future years.'' The Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 National Defense Authorization Act (P.L. 114-92) requires that the Department develop a plan for the activities relating to the deactivation and decommissioning of nonoperational defense nuclear facilities.    DOE had already begun an effort to address excess contaminated facilities. In January 2015, the Secretary directed the establishment of an Excess Contaminated Facilities Working Group within the Department. The Working Group developed and executed an enterprise-wide data collection effort to obtain updated cost and risk assessments to deactivate, decontaminate, decommission, and demolish excess facilities. The Working Group is updating and validating data as a part of its efforts to develop policies to institutionalize a corporate approach to address issues associated with the transfer of National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) facilities to the Office of Environmental Management (EM). The Working Group also will be finalizing and issuing a report in 2016 as required by section 3133 of the FY 2016 NDAA.    Secretary Regalbuto. EM establishes its cleanup priorities considering risk, compliance milestones and life-cycle cost considerations across the EM complex. The FY 2017 budget request reflects the progress in risk reduction at Richland and positions the Department to continue significant cleanup activities, which include the Plutonium Finishing Plant closure; a sustainable path toward addressing the contamination beneath the 324 Building; groundwater remediation; and K West Basin sludge removal.    Secretary Regalbuto. FY 2017 budget request provides funding to resume waste emplacement operations in December 2016, so long as it is safe to do so. The WIPP Recovery Plan identified that a replacement permanent ventilation system is required to support an increased rate of waste emplacement operations at WIPP. This will require two capital asset projects that are being implemented consistent with the Department's project management requirements. The design of these projects is not sufficiently mature to allow estimating when WIPP will achieve this increased rate of waste emplacement operations.