    Dr. Hice. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you calling this hearing.    This is now actually the third hearing on this issue that I have participated in, and after the two previous hearings, quite frankly, I have been shocked at the culture of corruption and misconduct that has been allowed to persist at the National Park Service.    In fact, last Wednesday, Director Jarvis was at the Oversight and Government Reform Committee to answer some questions pertaining to allegations of sexual harassment, unethical behavior, misconduct, and on and on and on; and, unfortunately, for the members of that committee and for the citizens of the United States of America, Director Jarvis was not able to answer the questions, not even the simplest questions.    And, Mr. Chairman, that is why this past Thursday, I actually sent a letter to President Obama, where I asked him to have Director Jarvis resign from his position, and I fully stand by that letter today.    In fact, I would ask unanimous consent to include a copy of the letter in the record.    Dr. Hice. Thank you.    I also have had a little bit of time to review Director Jarvis' book, which, incredibly to me, is entitled, ``A Guidebook to American Values and our National Parks.'' It is just amazing to me, this whole thing.    Based on the OIG report on Director Jarvis, he obviously lied to Secretary Jewell. The report mentions that he deliberately avoided consulting the Ethics Office before writing this book.    It is more than ironic, beyond ironic, to think that Director Jarvis has anything to offer us in terms of a guide on American values, when he, himself, is evidently so steeped in corruption.    But with all of that in mind, Ms. Kendall, I want to thank you again for appearing before us. I would like to ask you a couple of questions.    Following the subcommittee's hearing on ethics last month, Director Jarvis decided to send an email to employees apologizing for his failure to have this book approved by proper officials. Are you aware of that email?    Dr. Hice. Your report on Director Jarvis lays out evidence that he misled your office in the course of the investigation. Has Director Jarvis apologized to you?    Dr. Hice. Referring back to the email that he sent to the National Park Service employees, did he apologize for lying to the Secretary of the Interior?    Dr. Hice. Do you recall whether or not he apologized for conspiring to create a fraudulent narrative basically where he claims that Eastern National asked him to write a book when, in fact, it was his idea to write the book, or was he simply apologizing in the email for his failure to submit the book for review?    Dr. Hice. Is it possible, Ms. Kendall, that Director Jarvis still does not understand what he did wrong?    I mean, if he is not able to apologize to your office for withholding relevant information during the investigation, if he is not willing or able to apologize for lying to the Secretary or acknowledging the fact of conspiring about the true origin of this book, does he not get it, or is he trying to avoid the real issue right now?    Dr. Hice. And what makes you say that?    Dr. Hice. Thank you very much. My time has expired, and I appreciate your testimony here today, Ms. Kendall.    I yield back.