    Chairman Rokita. Good morning, and welcome to today's hearing. When the committee last met to discuss the Every Student Succeeds Act, we heard concerns from State and local education leaders that the administration was not implementing the law in a way that respects its letter and intent.    Since that time, the Department of Education has released a regulatory proposal that I find so unprecedented and so unlawful, in fact, that it demands its own examination, which we are going to do today.    The proposal I am referring to is the department's proposed ``supplement not supplant'' regulation. This proposal changes the longstanding policy that Federal funds supplement rather than supplant State and local resources.    For years, the rule was applied differently depending on how many low-income students the school served. As a result, schools faced different requirements. Some are more onerous than others.    That changed with the bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act, legislation that again was passed with overwhelming support from both Republicans and Democrats.    Now, according to the law, the rule should be enforced equally across every school. To do that, the bipartisan law, again that the President signed, says districts only have to show that funds are distributed in a way that does not take into account Federal resources, and Congress deliberately chose not to prescribe a specific approach or outcome. I remember this. It was in the final negotiations.    The law also clearly prohibits the Secretary of Education from interfering in the process. However, that is exactly what the department and the Secretary is doing with their proposed rule, and the consequences will be significant. It would be one thing if it was a distinction without a difference, but I think as we are going to hear today, the consequences will be significant.    As Chairman Kline himself explained when the regulation was proposed, it threatens to impose a multibillion regulatory tax on schools across the country. To comply with the policy, many school districts will have no choice but to change their hiring practices and relocate their teachers. Other communities may have to raise taxes because they simply do not have the resources to meet this new burden. Some districts may have to do both.    So regardless of how a district must cope with the new regulation, the bottom line is that schools will be forced to make decisions based on getting numbers to work and not on what is in the best interest of their students, and the Federal Government will have unprecedented control over local education funding.    The department has said its proposal will provide ``flexibility,'' but it really just dictates a short list of options, and frankly bad options at that. At the end of the day, it will be America's poorest neighborhoods that are impacted the most, and that is the last thing we intended as Congress when it passed the Every Student Succeeds Act.    In fact, Congress considered similar reforms during the debate of the legislation. We focused, for example, on a separate provision you may recall, comparability; instead, Congress specifically chose not to go down that road, not to touch that provision, and flat out rejected adopting a policy like the very one the department is proposing now.    The department insists that their supplement not supplant proposal is not related to comparability, but even the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service has explained how this proposal is essentially an indirect way to amend the comparability provision.    In short, this regulatory scheme is an attempt to accomplish something Congress specifically chose not to do. Anyone who was involved in passing the Every Student Succeeds Act knows that, whether they are willing to say so or not.    Still, even if the department were confused about the intent of the law, nothing excuses the fact that what it is proposing is simply unlawful. Again, if you look at the quotes on the screen, you can see that this language is taken directly from the law, the Every Student Succeeds Act specifically prohibits the Secretary from, quote ``prescribing the specific methodology a local education agency uses to allocate State and local funds to each school receiving the assistance,'' close quote.    The department claims that is not what they are doing, but with its limited list of options, it is clear that is exactly what is happening. That is why we have called on the department to throw this punitive policy out and to implement the law as it was written and as intended.    For too long, our schools were forced to contend with a failed top down approach to education, and that all changed with the Every Student Succeeds Act, but it seems the department has not learned this or chooses to ignore it, and is intent on undermining those important bipartisan reforms.    We will do everything within this committee's power to ensure that does not happen. This hearing is part of our efforts to protect students, families, and taxpayers from this unprecedented and unlawful regulatory scheme, and just as importantly, to help every child receive an excellent education, which I know that is why we are all here.    The best chance we have to accomplish that critical goal is to ensure that the Every Student Succeeds Act is implemented according to the letter and intent of the law as we wrote it.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today and how this proposal is impacting their local communities across this country.    With that, I will yield to Ranking Member Fudge, Ms. Fudge, for her opening remarks.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentlelady. A quorum being present and pursuant to Committee Rule 7(c), all members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record, and without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow such statements and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted for the official hearing record.    I will now turn to the introduction of our distinguished witnesses. First to testify will be Dr. Steve Canavero. He serves as the superintendent of public instruction for the Nevada Department of Education in Carson City, Nevada.    Prior to this position, Dr. Canavero served as the deputy superintendent of student achievement at the Nevada Department of Education, and as the first director of the State Public Charter School Authority.    Dr. Canavero has a background in evaluation and planning, and has worked as a teacher and principal. Welcome.    Next, Mr. Ryan Owens serves as executive director for the Cooperative Council for Oklahoma School Administration in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Prior to this position, Mr. Owens served with the United Suburban Schools Association and the Oklahoma Education Coalition, the Oklahoma Education Technology Trust, and is an adjunct professor in the Colleges of Education at Southern Nazarene University and the University of Oklahoma at Tulsa. Welcome, sir.    Next, Mr. Scott Sargrad serves as the managing director for the K-12 Education Policy team at the Center for American Progress in Washington, D.C., and in this position, Mr. Sargrad focuses on the areas of standards, assessments, school and district accountability systems, and school improvement.    Prior to this position, Mr. Sargrad served as the deputy assistant secretary for policy and strategic initiatives with the Office of Elementary and Secondary Education at the U.S. Department of Education. Welcome, sir.    Finally, Dr. Nora Gordon serves as associate professor of public policy with the McCourt School of Public Policy at Georgetown University, and as a research associate with the National Bureau of Education Research.    Dr. Gordon's research focuses on fiscal federalism in American education policy, and the current and historical Federal role in elementary and secondary education. She is a member of the expert panel to the Department of Education on its study on the Title I formula as mandated by the Every Student Succeeds Act. Welcome to you as well.    I will now ask our witnesses to raise your right hand. There is no need for you to stand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Let the record reflect that the witnesses all answered in the affirmative.    Before I recognize you to give your testimony, let me briefly explain our lighting system, and sometimes it is a reminder for us up here, not just you all over there. You each have five minutes to present your testimony. When you begin, the light in front of you will turn green, of course. When one minute is left, it will be yellow, and will turn red when your time is over. Please respect those signals. When the red light occurs, I will ask you to wrap up your remarks almost immediately. Members, those of us here, will have five minutes each to ask questions.    So with that, Dr. Canavero, I recognize you for five minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you, Doctor. Mr. Owens, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you, Mr. Owens. Mr. Sargrad, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you. Dr. Gordon, you are recognized for five minutes. TESTIMONY OF NORA GORDON, ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, McCOURT SCHOOL     Chairman Rokita. Thank you very much. I am going to recognize myself for 5 minutes of questioning. I find it very interesting, Dr. Gordon, that not only is the department going in a completely opposite direction of what Congress intended in this bipartisan law, but what you are saying is it is going against its own guidance previously issued. Is that right?    Chairman Rokita. Right. I want to focus also on this issue of congressional intent, Dr. Gordon. Your testimony highlighted this 2012 recommendation by the Center for American Progress and the American Enterprise Institute.    The recommendation, which is quoted up on the screen here on the slide, was to simplify the long-standing supplement not supplant provision so that school districts would only have to show the State and local funding allocations to schools are, quote ``Title I neutral,'' unquote.    You mentioned in your testimony that the gentleman sitting to your right is from the Center for American Progress.    It seems to me that this report, this idea, from a left leaning group, organization, and a right leaning group actually is what we did in the law. Is that correct, Title I neutral?    Chairman Rokita. Due to the reforms adopted by Congress last year, specifically in Section 1118, the law now includes this recommendation, again, shown on the screen, to ensure States allocate funding in a Title I neutral manner. Is that correct?    This recommendation that we are showing on the screen is what you believe to be what we wrote into the law and signed by the President?    Chairman Rokita. Now, is it true that the identical language originated in the bipartisan proposal that was negotiated by Senator Alexander and Senator Murray? Did you follow those negotiations?    Chairman Rokita. And is this the same thing?    Chairman Rokita. In fact, as you point out in your testimony, the bipartisan committee report for the Senate bill, now showing that on the screen, explains the congressional intent for this language. Are you familiar with this language? Is this what we . . . ?    Chairman Rokita. Alright. It is certainly what I remember. Dr. Gordon, given the clear legislative history behind this provision and the unambiguous bipartisan explanation of the provision contained in the Senate committee report, is there any conceivable honest way to argue that Congress intended this provision to be implemented in the way that the department is now proposing?    Chairman Rokita. That was the question. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. Dr. Canavero, do you have anything to add to this discussion we are having, this line of questioning?    Chairman Rokita. Well, I thank you for being for it. We all have been for it. We all voted for this thing. The only ones that do not seem to be for it now is the department, which again is why we are here.    Mr. Owens, do you have anything to add?    Chairman Rokita. Thank you. And I will yield back and recognize the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Scott, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Long time before you retire. Mandy days. Excuse me, the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Scott.    Chairman Rokita. The gentleman did not notice.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentleman. Now, let me take this opportunity in high honor to introduce the chairman of the full committee, a great American, and most importantly, a benevolent and forgiving leader, Mr. Kline, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentleman. Ms. Clark, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentlelady. Mr. Thompson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentleman. Ms. Bonamici, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentlelady. Mr. Grothman, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. The gentleman's time has expired. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Polis, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. I will now recognize Mr. Bishop for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Ms. Adams, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentlelady. Ms. Davis, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. The gentlelady's time has expired. I thank the gentlelady. Ms. Fudge, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentlelady. The gentlelady is recognized for her closing.    Chairman Rokita. Without objection.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentlelady. Let me again thank the witnesses for their testimony. From my perspective, it is pretty clear again what Congress' intent was. We had these discussions. We agreed on a solution. Some amendments were filed. Some were successful, some were not.    What is not at issue here is congressional intent and what the law is, regardless of any one person's or one organization's or 31 organizations' opinion.    We are either going to live in a country where we all are equal under the law, and the law is followed, or we are going to live in a country that is dictated by bureaucrats, which one is it going to be? We are all after the same goal, and that is equity and that is improving the lives of our best and most precious asset, our children. No one disputes that. No one is not trying to get that done.    And again, we agreed on what the new approach should be, and it is nothing at all what the Department of Education is now trying to propose and the authority it is trying to usurp.    I want to go back, again, to this issue of congressional intent. We understand that executive agencies are responsible for implementing the laws, not making them. They are not allowed to take the plain language of statutes and rewrite it.    And I want to direct everyone in the room back to the screen. On the screen, this came up in my questioning as well, it is the 2012 recommendation from the Center for American Progress and the American Enterprise Institute. Reading the last half, it says, quote, ``If districts can document that the manner in which they allocate State and local resources to schools is Title I neutral, they should be clear of suspicion around supplanting non-Federal funds with Title I dollars.'' Right?    A left leaning group and a right leaning group came together and agreed that this makes sense, why? For the benefit of our children.    The next slide on the screen is the statutory language from the Every Student Succeeds Act that Congress again adopted and the President signed in response to this recommendation. It says, quote, ``To demonstrate compliance with paragraph one, a local educational agency shall demonstrate that the methodology used to allocate State and local funds to each school receiving assistance under this part ensures that such school receives all of the State and local funds it would otherwise receive if it were not receiving assistance,'' ``under this part'' meaning Title I, close quote.    And finally, the next slide is the Senate committee report produced by Ranking Member Murray and Chairman Alexander. Most of us participated in that conference committee. It explained the congressional intent. It says, quote ``Specifically, the bill allows States and LEAs to comply with SNS for Title I Part A funds if they can document that the manner in which they allocate State and local resources to schools is Title I neutral, or that the methodology does not account for the Title I funds that schools will receive,'' close quote.    So the statutory language says that the school districts will be considered in compliance with supplement not supplant if they can demonstrate that the method, to Dr. Gordon's point, that the method they use to allocate funds does not consider whether or not a school receives Title I funds. The statute very specifically does not require any particular funding outcome, Mr. Sargrad. That is the law. That is what we intended.    Funding outcomes are not considered here. and there is nothing in the statute or the history of this provision to support what the department is proposing.    Again, I want to thank the witnesses for their testimony. When we negotiated this final legislative language and the President signed it, I thought we were out to a good start. I thought we were really breaking ground. I still think that today. I am optimistic. The leadership here, by all four of you, is emblematic of that. And you are going to be on the front lines of this.    I do not believe that Washington has better answers than you do, especially you, Dr. Canavero, and you, Mr. Owens. You have the right intent, you have the right heart and the right brains for this kind of work, and the colleagues that you represent. And that is what we intended in Congress, is to give you that responsibility and that authority back to protect and grow our best assets.    And that is why we are going to continue this approach, and we are going to continue in this oversight phase of ESSA to make sure that we remain a country where all of us live under law that were passed by this body and not the Executive Branch.    Thank you very much for your time today. This hearing is adjourned, seeing no other business before it.