    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for this hearing. You've been pretty busy, Mr. Chairman, today.    And, Mr. Roth, we appreciate your report. You of course see some congressional impatience. That impatience, I suppose this committee is paid to be impatient, particularly, though, in light of the repetitive incidents.    So I'm trying to be as objective as I can and to put this in perspective. I can do that because I ran an agency that was a whole lot more troubled at the time than the Secret Service, a huge backlog and the rest, and if someone had said to me, you know, within a couple of months get it in order, I would have been in bad shape. It took me a little time to get rid of that backlog. So I'm trying to keep in mind what it is Mr. Clancy found and what he perhaps has done.    Now, I note that I asked staff to find out, you know, when was he appointed exactly. He is actually a long-term employee of the Secret Service. He was acting from October. The March 4 incident occurred in I consider his acting time, but he was official as of February 19.    Now, as of the March 4 incident, Director Clancy apparently had not issued the order that was issued after that incident involving the two agents, required to report through their chain of command any activities, et cetera.    And my concern with that is whether or not this indicates--it seems to me that in light of his efforts, having been with the agency, for example, even during the time when there was no reporting of the bullets that had penetrated the White House, I was concerned that the first thing he did was not to say: Look, let me know before the press knows and before anybody knows. It bothered me that, as short a time as that may seem, that he certainly was aware.    So my question goes to whether or not, in light of this order after the March 4 incident, you believe there is sufficient clarity so that that might seem pretty clear as to what is required. For example, I don't know, and do agents know about drinking off duty? Does there need to be greater clarification beyond reporting now up the chain of command of what is required of an agent on and off duty?    These agents have been under huge duress, according to the special panel. ``For years the Service has taken on additional missions in both protective and investigative roles, but has not matched its request for additional resources of those expended.'' And they reported that they had been on 12-hour days and with fewer and fewer days off.    So, again, if you step back and look at it, they have obviously been subject to the sequester and the rest of it. And the panel said that they needed, at best, 200 officers and 85 agents and that they were down 500.    So essentially you have some overworked, overburdened agents. So you would imagine that if people even that high in the chain of command had been overworked that way, that they might go out and drink too much.    So is there any clarification? If you're an officer of something like the Secret Service and you are off duty, but subject perhaps to being called on duty, but bearing in mind that everybody's entitled to a private life, is there enough clarification about what is required on and off duty so that we can be assured that there will not be another incident like this?    Ms. Norton. All right, Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, I would ask that, because I think this is a very murky area, that we ask Director Clancy to bring some clarification. For example, certain number of hours perhaps before being required to report for duty, et cetera, I have no idea, but some clarification might be fair in light of what they should expect.    Ms. Norton. Well, maybe even a higher standard for Secret Service agents.