    Dr. Borio. Luciana.    Dr. Borio. No.    Dr. Borio. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Representative Castor, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss the FDA's actions to respond to the Zika virus outbreak.    FDA is working closely with our partners to help minimize the impact of yet another tragic outbreak. Last month I had the privilege of traveling to Brazil, my country of birth, with a small HHS delegation to meet with the Brazilian Minister of Health and several of his senior officials. The engagement was extremely productive. In particular, FDA and ANVISA, Brazilian's National Regulatory Agency, committed to working very closely and reach convergence in the areas of vaccine development and diagnostic tests.    FDA is working to help protect the safety of our nation's blood supply, to facilitate the development and availability of blood donor screening and clinical diagnostic tests, to support the development and investigation of vaccines and therapies, to review a proposal for the use of innovative strategy involving genetically engineered mosquitoes to enhance vector control, and to protect the public from fraudulent products. To help mitigate the risk of Zika transmission from blood transfusions, FDA issued guidance recommending important measures to keep our nation's blood supply safe. And just yesterday, FDA issued new guidance with recommendations to reduce a risk of transmission of Zika by human cellular and tissue-based products are used in medical procedures.    I'm happy to report that last week we issued the first emergency use authorization for a test developed by the CDC. We continue to work very interactively with the CDC and several diagnostic companies, several diagnostic companies to support development of additional tests.    The association between Zika, microcephaly, and other pro-pregnancy outcomes results in a very serious and challenging situation for pregnant women who test positive for Zika virus infection. Just last week, CDC reported that among nine pregnant travelers with laboratory confirmed Zika virus infection there were two early pregnancy losses, two elective terminations, and one infant with severe microcephaly at birth. It is not difficult to imagine the fear, uncertainty, and anguish these women and their families likely experienced; therefore, it is essential that diagnostic tests for Zika virus provide accurate results.    In recent weeks we have seen an increased interest by clinical laboratories to develop their own tests for Zika. We share the goal of expanding the availability of good tests, and to support these efforts FDA developed simple templates that developers can use to submit data to the FDA for expedited review, but FDA is urging developers to work with us to insure that their tests meet the standards for accuracy and precision. And I need to make clear that FDA will not hesitate to take appropriate action to prevent the use of tests that did not meet our standards.    FDA is actively engaged with NIH and BARDA to help accelerate the development of vaccines, and as we did during the Ebola epidemic we will do all we can to facilitate access to investigation of vaccines through appropriate clinical trials as quickly and safely as possible.    Finally, we are reviewing a proposal for a field trial to determine whether the release of a genetically engineered line of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes will suppress the local Aedes aegypti mosquito population in the release area of Key Haven, Florida. We are preparing to very soon release for public comment a Draft Environmental Assessment regarding the potential impacts of this proposed field trial.    In closing, FDA is deeply engaged and fully committed to sustaining our aggressive response activities to mitigate the impact of Zika. Thank you.    Dr. Borio. Well, just for clarity, is that the emergency authorization is not just for the ELISA test, the one that causes the cross-activity. The authorization is for the ELISA test and a confirmatory test done at CDC. We will have very high standards for the UA.    Dr. Borio. So FDA's guidance meets an important public health need, which is to keep the nation's blood supply safe. In areas with active transmission, the guidance does require whole blood and blood components to be imported from areas without active virus transmission until a diagnostic test that can be used to screen the blood supply is available. So there is a potential that our guidance could impact in theory the supply of blood to areas of active transmission.    That being said, that should not be the case in Puerto Rico because we have been working very closely with our partners, Puerto Rico health officials, CDC, and Dr. Lurie's office to mitigate the impact of our guidance. And Dr. Lurie may have more to add on that.    Dr. Borio. We do have the authorities, and we are expediting the review of this. And like I said, very soon we hope to release for public comment the Environmental Assessment and associated findings.    Dr. Borio. Mr. Griffith, it's very important for us to go through the process and include the period of public comment. We need to give the public an opportunity to comment on the Environmental Assessment given the significant attention that this novel technology has generated, especially in the communities for the proposed sites. So it is true that there have been many field releases done, especially in Brazil. I learned more about them when I was there last week. The data seems to be promising in terms of reducing the mosquito populations in those small field trials, but we need to go through our process. And we are greatly expediting the process.    Dr. Borio. So if the company and public health authorities in Puerto Rico are interested in that, we would be very supportive of the process. So the geography might be a little bit different from the field trial that is being proposed, so the company would have to submit the assessment for that--anything that may be different for the new field trial. But we will look to create efficiencies as much as possible.    Dr. Borio. I understand that's the case, and what I can tell you is that this is being greatly expedited now. And I believe that where we are today in the process, that it would not be a protracted process to be able to rapidly assess the request for a field trial elsewhere.    Dr. Borio. Thank you. So we are working to soon release for public comment the Draft Environmental Assessment that the company developed. We work closely with EPA and CDC in reviewing the materials, so hopefully very soon it will be released. Once we have an opportunity to review the comments we receive from the public, then we'll make a final decision regarding the application. We're expediting the process. It's part of our Emerging Infectious Disease Task Force in response to Zika, so our--the reviewers involved in this technology are part of our Emergency Response Task Force, so we're doing everything we can to move this as expeditiously as we can.    Dr. Borio. Yes. I'm unable to give an estimate at this time because it really will depend a little bit on the volume and interest from the public. We are working those----    Dr. Borio. Yes, it has been an area of tremendous interest, and including some opposition. I think, you know, what we don't right now is where the public stands in the setting of Zika and the new developments associated with Zika. So we're doing everything we can to move this very quickly. We're collaborating across government with CDC and EPA. We'll learn a great deal about this technology also during my visit to Brazil last week, last month, so what I can tell you right now is that we are prepared to move very quickly on this.    Dr. Borio. Our EUA authority is currently limited to human products, not to animal products. And this technology is regulated under our animal drug regulations, so it's separate, so we do not have currently authorities on emergency authorization for animal drugs.    Dr. Borio. I would like to defer those answers to my colleagues from CDC.