    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, thank you for this hearing.    Gentlemen, thank you.    And I know you are wearing uniforms. I am not going to put you in the political quandary of these money arguments that you have had. But I think it would suffice it to say that, if you have the money plus the authority to use the money, that meets your demands, and if you don't get money plus the authority, we are in kind of a crisis situation. That is the testimony we heard yesterday.    I am not going to ask you guys to say this. But the Secretary of Defense embarrassed himself yesterday. He lost a lot of credibility when he said, even if we got the money and the authority, that he would turn it down unless the EPA and IRS and every other governmental program got sequestration lifted for that. And I am just going to tell you that is a travesty and I hope somebody in the Pentagon changes that.    Mr. McKeon, I want to ask you this question. 2009, the President announced the cancellation of his planned deployment of long-range missile defense interceptors and equipment in Poland and the Czech Republic and, basically, we put that on Navy ships.    Is that a fair assertion, that gap, that we used the BMD, that we put it on the Navy?    Mr. Forbes. What additional force structure did that require of the Navy, based on that decision?    Mr. Forbes. But if they have that BMD on them, if they don't have the upgraded software, can they do the other missions that the Navy would use them for?    Mr. Forbes. But, basically, Admiral, when you use them for BMD, the Navy can't use them with the flexibility it would have used them for other----    Mr. Forbes. Did the Navy get any additional monies or resources to do that?    Mr. Forbes. So what I am worried about is that--we are worried about the number of platforms that the Navy has. And I am just looking--in fiscal year 2012 to 2014, I know there were 44 ships that the combatant commanders needed based on their BMD requirements. But I am looking at fiscal year 2016. It is bumping up to 77. That is a huge jump.    Can you tell us what is driving that increased demand. And if we removed five cruisers from our fleet, how would that impact the BMD capabilities that we have, the five with BMD capabilities only?    Mr. Forbes. So the forward-deployed--the four that we are talking about that went to Rota and then you look at--the destroyers were the ones that we did the upgrades on. Is that correct?    But what about the cruisers? If we took five cruisers out of the fleet, would that impede the capability that they have on them? How would that impact the deficit that we would have?    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.