    Secretary Wormuth. Thank you, Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, and members of the committee, for inviting me here today to talk about DOD strategy and posture in the Greater Middle East. It is a pleasure to be back here again this week to talk to you about a different and even more challenging part of the world.    It is also a great pleasure to be here with General Austin. We are very lucky to have him serving as our commander in CENTCOM. He is also, frankly, a terrific reminder of the overall quality of all of our men and women serving in the region today.    As you all know, our forces in CENTCOM are confronting many difficult global security challenges. New realities have forced us to take a hard look at our near- and long-term goals for our engagement in the Middle East. Although the Department will face many different challenges in the Middle East, as Ranking Member Smith noted, two issues are particularly critical and are at the top of our agenda: The first is how to degrade and ultimately defeat ISIL, and the second is preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.    In Iraq and Syria, the Department is working with partners for a truly whole-of-government effort to try and degrade and ultimately defeat ISIL. We have over 2,600 U.S. service men and women currently in Iraq working with the Government of Iraq, and more than 60 countries participating in our global coalition against ISIL. We are making progress. This is going to be a long-term campaign and we need to be patient, but we are making progress.    We have blunted ISIL's momentum. We have degraded its ability to mass and maneuver forces. We have pressured or eliminated its leadership cells, and we have disrupted its command and control and supply lines. In short, we have put ISIL on the defensive. And I think you are seeing that, and I am sure General Austin will speak to that in more detail in various parts of Iraq right now.    But countering ISIL would not be possible without local partners in the lead. U.S. and coalition partners are supporting the Government of Iraq by assisting with training, equipping, and advising its armed forces. Last summer, we stood up our advise and assist teams to partner with local forces in the ISF and the Peshmerga, and early this year we began training these forces at four different sites across Iraq. I traveled to Iraq in January and was able to visit one of the sites myself, Taiji, where I was able to see firsthand the partnership that we have with Iraqi forces.    In addition to our efforts in Iraq to go after ISIL, we are also working with our coalition partners in Syria, and we are also working to build the capabilities of the moderate Syrian opposition there. We expect the training of our first DOD class of vetted opposition elements to begin--we expect to begin training them later this month. Our forces in the region are strengthening our partners' ability to fight terrorism locally, but ultimately, it is going to be Iraqi forces and Syrian fighters who will secure the gains against ISIL and inflict a lasting defeat.    To support what we are doing, the President has developed and transmitted to Congress an authorization for the use of military force that demonstrates a whole-of-government support for him to successfully prosecute the armed conflict against ISIL within reasonable limitations. Enacting a bipartisan ISIL-specific AUMF would provide a clear and powerful signal to the American people, to our allies, and to our enemies, and very importantly, I think, to our U.S. service men and women that the United States stands united to degrade and ultimately defeat ISIL. And I look forward to talking with you more this morning about the AUMF proposal.    Defeating ISIL is a major focus and challenge but so is Iran in the region. As the President has made clear, his top priority is preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. Iran's nuclear ambitions continue to be a consistent area of concern for us in the Department of Defense. We are hopeful that the P5+1 negotiations will result in a comprehensive and verifiable deal that will ensure the peaceful nature of Iran's nuclear program. But at DOD, our job is to remain vigilant as well, and we do that by helping to underwrite negotiations with our robust posture and capabilities in the region, and we maintain a laser-like focus on that.    As the President has said publicly, we will do whatever is necessary to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon, including the use of military force, if necessary, and we are postured to do that in the region today. Beyond Iran's nuclear program, we have other concerns about Iran's activities in the region. They are engaged in a variety of destabilizing activities across the region but also well beyond that. And even if we are successful in neutralizing Iran's nuclear threat through hard-nosed diplomacy, we will continue to support U.S. Government efforts to counter Iran and the full range of threats that it poses to our friends and allies in the region and beyond.    Even as we work to degrade and defeat ISIL and to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon, we are also at the same time committed to moving to a smaller force in Afghanistan and consolidating the gains that we have made there over the past decade of international support to the Afghanistan Government. The U.S. mission in Afghanistan has helped support the Afghan people and has protected U.S. national interests by working with local partners to build up the capacity of the Afghan National Security Forces.    It is clear that we still have a lot of work to do in the next 2 years, but I think we have made some very positive strides, and I am particularly encouraged by the fact that President Ghani sees the U.S. and NATO role and presence as a very important part of his strategy to bring stability and security to Afghanistan.    We are also going to continue to work with Pakistan and the Central Asian States to address existing and emerging threats in the region. Like Afghanistan, Pakistan is also facing a potent threat from extremists, and I think something we all saw tragically with the attack on the school in Peshawar. We are committed to continuing to improve our relationship with Pakistan by collaborating where our strategic interests come together and engaging diplomatically where they don't.    Meeting the range of challenges that we see in the CENTCOM AOR is going to take a lot of resources and effort, and it is important that we use those resources as effectively as possible, as Ranking Member Smith noted. The President's budget request for 2016 supports our strategy for the region and enables the services to continue to address our most critical needs, even as we get smaller and more capable over the next several years.    If sequestration returns, however, in 2016 and beyond, the Department's readiness would deteriorate markedly, which would harm our ability to respond promptly and efficiently when called upon. As a consequence, we would have fewer forces available to support operations and respond to crises in a region as vital as the Middle East.    This is a very dynamic time for our policy in the region. It is a challenging time. The Secretary has signaled his commitment to working with our government and international partners to shape a more secure region in the coming years. We are clear-eyed about the fiscal constraints we are facing, but we believe it is necessary even in the face of those constraints to maintain our commitment to protect our interests in the region and to combat the threats that we face there.    Thank you.    And I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you.    General.    General Austin. Good morning. Chairman Thornberry, Congressman Smith, distinguished members of the committee, I want to thank you for the opportunity to appear here today to talk about the broad efforts and the current posture of the United States Central Command.    Upfront and most importantly, I would like to thank all of you for your continued and strong support of our men and women in uniform and their families. I look forward to talking about them and about the exceptional contributions that they continue to make on behalf of the command and our Nation.    I am pleased to appear here this morning alongside Ms. Wormuth. Christine is widely respected by professionals throughout the Defense Department, both civilian and military, and we are most grateful for her support of our efforts at CENTCOM. I will join her in making a few brief opening comments and then we are prepared to answer your questions.    Ladies and gentlemen, much has happened in the CENTCOM area of responsibility since I last appeared before this committee a year ago. Indeed, the Central Region is today more volatile and chaotic than I have seen it at any other point, and the stakes have never been higher. The forces of evil that threaten our homeland and our interest in that strategically important part of the world thrive in unstable environments marked by poor governance, economic uncertainty, ungoverned or under-governed spaces. And therefore, it is essential that we be present and engaged and that we cultivate strong partnerships and continue to do our part to address emerging threats and to move the region in a direction of greater stability and security. And we must be properly resourced to do what is required to effectively protect and promote our interests.    At CENTCOM, in addition to doing all that we can to prevent problems from occurring, while shaping future outcomes, we spend a great deal of our time and energy managing real-world crisis. Over the past year, we dealt with conflicts in Iraq and Syria, we transitioned combat operations to a train, advise, and assist CT -focused mission in Afghanistan. At the same time, we dealt with a number of difficult challenges in Yemen, Egypt, Lebanon, and in a host of other locations throughout our area of responsibility. We actively pursued violent extremist groups, and we took measures to counter the radical ideologies that are espoused by these groups.    We also dealt with Iran, which continues to act as a belligerent force in the region, primarily through its Quds forces and through support to proxy actors, such as Lebanese Hezbollah. And while we are hopeful that an acceptable agreement will be reached with Iran with respect to its nuclear program, either way, whether we reach an agreement or we don't reach an agreement, Iran will continue to present a challenge for us going forward.    We are faced with a number of challenges in our region; however, I firmly believe that challenges also present opportunities, and we make progress primarily by pursuing these opportunities, and we do pursue them. And I am confident that our broad efforts are having a measurable impact. Of course, the most immediate threat facing us now is a threat posed by ISIL or Daesh . This barbaric organization must be defeated, and it will be defeated.    We are currently in the process of executing our regional military campaign plan, and I am pleased to report that we are making significant progress. At the outset, we said that we would need to halt ISIL's advance, and we have done that in Iraq. We said that we are going to have to regenerate and restructure Iraq's security forces to help them re-establish the border, and we are in the process of doing that right now.    We said that we would have to help our partners in the region to bolster their defenses against ISIL, and we continue to help our friends in Jordan and Lebanon and Turkey. We said that we would have to build credible ground forces to counter ISIL in Syria and to guard against ungoverned spaces, and we will soon begin doing that as a part of our Syria train and equip program.    So ladies and gentlemen, we are making progress. In fact, we are about where we said that we would be in the execution of our military campaign plan, which supports the broader whole-of-government strategy that is designed to counter ISIL. And we are having significant effects on the enemy.    Since commencing our air operations in early August, just 7 months ago, we have killed more than 8,500 ISIL fighters, we have destroyed hundreds of their vehicles along with tanks and heavy weapons systems. We have significantly degraded his capability, his ability to command and control his forces, and also his primary sources of revenue, namely, his oil refineries and his crude collection points.    The fact is that he can no longer do what he did at the outset, which is to seize and to hold new territory. He has assumed a defensive crouch in Iraq. And although he has greater freedom of movement in Syria, he is largely in a defensive there as well. He has begun to expand into other areas, namely North Africa, and in part because he knows that he is losing in Iraq and Syria and he needs to find other ways to maintain his legitimacy.    In going forward, we should expect to see this enemy continue to conduct limited attacks and to orchestrate horrific scenes in order to create IO opportunities and to distract and to intimidate. But make no mistake, ISIL is losing this fight, and I am certain that he will be defeated. Again, he will be defeated.    Having said that, there is still work to be done to get to that point, and we intend to continue to execute the campaign as designed, and I say that because how we go about this is very important. If we don't first get things under control in Iraq, where there is a government that we can work with and with some reliable security forces that are available, if we don't get things right there first before expanding our efforts in Syria, then we risk making matters worse in both countries.    But done the right way, in light of the limitations that exist, I believe that we can and we will be successful in our efforts to defeat ISIL. And at the same time, we can be assured continued progress in pursuit of our principal goal, which is to move this strategically important region in the direction of increased stability and security.    Going forward, we will all be required to make tough choices, and we will need to find ways to do more or at least as much with less than the current fiscal environment. That said, I remain concerned by the fact that capability reductions can and will impact our ability to respond to crisis, and especially in the highly volatile Central Region. The resulting loss of flexibility makes the U.S. and our interests increasingly vulnerable to external pressures.    And so I would ask Congress to do its part to make sure that we avoid sequestration and other resourcing limitations that serve to degrade the readiness of America's military forces.    Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, members of the committee, I want to thank you once more for the strong support that you continue to show to our service members, our civilians, and their families. They are the very best in the world at what they do. They continue to demonstrate absolute selflessness and they make enormous sacrifices in support of the mission and in support of one another. I am incredibly proud of them and I know that you are as well.    So thank you again for this opportunity, and I look forward to answering your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you, General. We share your sentiment for those who serve our Nation, including yourself.    I don't think we have time to begin the questioning, so the committee is going to stand in recess until just after the joint meeting where we will resume.    In the meantime, you all please enjoy our hospitality as best you can.    The Chairman. The committee will come to order.    Again, Ms. Wormuth, and, General, thank you for your patience. And we understand the inconvenience of this coming and going, but we appreciate you all being here. Members will continue to come in as they come back from the joint meeting.    I don't know, General, did you have a chance to listen to the Prime Minister's speech?    General Austin. Yes, sir, I did.    The Chairman. Okay. You know, I was struck, your comments in your opening statement, about Iran's other activities other than its nuclear programs. And that was certainly a point that was highlighted by the Prime Minister.    You spend a lot of time dealing with military leaders throughout your region in the Middle East and North Africa. My question to you is: If there is an agreement that says that Iran shall not be closer to--that has the effect of having Iran not closer than 1 year of having a nuclear weapon, what, in your estimation, would be the reaction of other countries in the region? And I am thinking particularly about the Saudis, the Turks, the Egyptians, people who are interested in this negotiation other than Israel. What would be their reaction to that?    General Austin. Sir, no matter what the outcome is, I think there will be--always be some degree of speculation. I think the first thing that they will want to know is what the details of the agreement are before they make an assessment on how it affects their interests going forward and their security.    To your point that you made earlier, sir, I think the people--the leaders in the region certainly believe that Iran's quest for a nuclear weapon is a threat to the region. But they are also equally concerned about Iran's ability to mine the Straits, Iran's cyber capabilities, Iran's ICBM capability or ballistic missile capability, as well as the activity of their Quds forces, which is unhelpful. And so whether we get a deal or don't get a deal, I think they will still share those concerns.    As we negotiate a deal--and I certainly hope that we are able to negotiate one, I think one of the things that we will have to do early on is to go and reassure our allies that we are going to be with them going forward. And we have--we have interest in the region that we will have to protect and we will certainly--certainly move to do that early on.    The Chairman. Yeah. When I have traveled in the region and also visited with some of their ambassadors here in Washington, one of the concerns I have heard expressed is that having Iran be a threshold nuclear state, basically being able to have it within a year or less, will embolden them with these other kind of activities that you talked about because, then, they will have less concern that the regime is threatened and, therefore, they will be more aggressive in pushing their proxies and potentially naval matters in the Persian Gulf and so forth. Is that some of the concerns that you have heard that you think allies will need to be reassured about?    General Austin. Yes, sir. I think there are arguments on both side of the fence in terms of, you know, what people speculate that Iran's reaction will be and what we will need to do to counter those reactions or hedge against unhelpful activity.    The Chairman. Yeah. Well, I am concerned not only about Israel's reaction, which we just heard, but there are a number of other countries that are vitally interested in this. And so it seems to me that that also has to be taken into account. There are lots of topics we can and should talk about, including ISIS , Yemen, and Afghanistan.    But at this point, I am going to yield to Mr. Smith and other members for questions they may have.    Secretary Wormuth. Ranking Member Smith, I think obviously the sanctions regime that we have been able to put in place with support from the international community has been key to bringing the Iranians to the table for the negotiations. And I think it would be an open question, particularly with some of the countries, as to whether the support for those sanctions over time for those very, very stiff sanctions, whether they could be sustained in the absence of an ongoing negotiation as we have right now.    So again, I think, our judgment to date has been that as difficult as the situation is--and as you said, Iran has a vote in this. I mean, they have to be willing to make a deal--our sense has been that the talks that we are engaged in right now are the best chance for a potentially lasting solution, and we want to give them a chance. But if they end and there is not a deal, you know, I think we will have to revisit the way forward. But reassurance of the ally--or the partners in the region is going to be a very key part of that because they are obviously very nervous.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman Smith, I can't speculate as to the reasons why they haven't----    Secretary Wormuth. Well, I guess what I would say is that is what it would be. It would be speculation, you know.    Secretary Wormuth. Our sense is, is that Iran's leadership has not made the decision to go all the way and acquire a nuclear weapon. Why that is, you know, is known to the Supreme Leader, but I am not sure it is known to anyone in our government.    Secretary Wormuth. I was basically going to make the same point. I mean, I don't think that there is a single cut-and-paste solution that you can take. But I think one of the lessons that we saw coming out perhaps of the previous experience of Iraq was that Maliki's very sectarian approach to governing was a big part of how we got here; and that, I think, Abadi has a much greater understanding of the need for a more inclusive approach. And we continue to strongly underscore just how important it is that that be central to his approach to trying to solve this problem with ISIL.    I think it is also--I wouldn't want to overstate it--but I do think that the--the just pure barbarity of what ISIL has prosecuted in terms of the beheadings, the immolation of the Jordanian pilot, that has seemed to cause, I think, many countries and many of the publics in the region to look at this in a different way and to really, I think, question the extremism that they are seeing. So my hope is that perhaps that will do more to help bring the larger society together to try to find solutions.    Secretary Wormuth. I think what I would say, Congressman, is, you know, if there isn't a deal, certainly from the DOD perspective, we will continue to have the responsibility to--to essentially be the insurance policy, if you will, for the region in terms of making sure that we have the capabilities in our country to help defend Israel, to help defend our interests in the region. And we are committed to making sure that we have those capabilities in a very robust fashion. I think we will work closely with our partners in the region to reassure them of that continued commitment. And then I think, you know, how Israel approaches the problem will be, again, largely up to them.    But we--our responsibility in DOD is to make sure that we have the capabilities to respond if we think that there is a reason to do so and to make sure that we have the ability to provide a military option if needed.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, if I could try to respond to a couple of those points. I think fundamentally we have tried in a number of different areas, particularly I would say Afghanistan, but also in terms of the counter-ISIL campaign to work very much by, with, and through partner countries. So in Afghanistan, you know, we are very much trying to enable the ANSF to be able to take care of their own security.    You know, fundamentally we got in there, as you well know, after 9/11 to ensure that Afghanistan would not be a safe haven for Al Qaeda. But in the next 2 years, I think we feel pretty good about what we are going to be able to do with the ANSF so that they will be able to take over by the end of 2016 and take care of their security themselves. We will stay there in a relatively small security cooperation footprint in Kabul, but it will largely be their responsibility at that point.    And in Iraq and Syria, you know, we are working very closely with a huge coalition, and about more than a dozen of those members are contributing to the military coalition. So I think we are very much trying to take an approach that isn't about America doing everything for everyone but trying to work with others to help them do more for themselves. And I am sure General Austin will want to add to that.    General Austin. And in terms of the effects that we are having on the enemy, sir, and in terms of the numbers, I think that the numbers are input to the overall calculus in terms of the effects created. But I think it is more important to focus on the effects.    And as we look at ISIL's behavior today, you know, you go back several months ago, ISIL was moving around in large convoy formations, flying a lot of black flags, taking up large swaths of territory. They can no longer do that, and it is principally because of the effects that we have had on--they have the ability to recruit more fighters into the country, and we know that. And so it is not about just the kinetic effects alone. It is about that, plus reducing visibility to recruit foreign fighters, plus reducing visibility to finance themselves. That creates the effects that we are beginning to see. And the enemy is beginning to struggle in a number of areas, in terms of governing, in terms of ability to control territory. So----    Secretary Wormuth. I would just add to that, Congressman, by saying, you know, we have an incredibly strong relationship, defense relationship, with Israel. Secretary Carter spoke with Bogie Ya'alon within days of coming into office. And I am sure that will be, you know, one of his very close counterpart relationships.    We do many exercises with Israel. We have policy talks with them every year where we talk about everything from countering WMD to exchanging lessons learned on homeland defense. We are very committed to preserving their qualitative military edge, and this is something that we talk about regularly and actively with the Israelis in terms of our arms sales to other countries in the region, for example, as well as our arms sales with Israel itself.    We have provided, in the last several years, over a billion dollars for Israel's missile defense programs from Iron Dome to David's Sling to Arrow. So we have a very, I think, robust and healthy and resilient defense relationship with Israel.    Secretary Wormuth. Certainly, Congressman. Our policy is that we don't coordinate with Iranian forces on the ground in Iraq. We are not communicating with those forces. We are not coordinating with those forces, so that is our policy.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, just to make sure I understand your question, are you saying that is it viable to not conduct enduring ground offensive operations if Congress doesn't provide the funding?    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, I think Congress clearly always has the power of the purse. The intent with the AUMF proposal was to include a reasonable limitation that made clear that we were not going to prosecute the campaign against ISIL in the same way that we were in Iraq, for example, in the last decade or in Afghanistan. Those kind of very large-scale operations.    I also just wanted to take the opportunity quickly--Congressman Franks asked the question--also, the 3-year clause in the AUMF, that is not intended to be an indication that we believe--certainly, that this Department believes that we will necessarily defeat ISIL within that timeframe. It is a recognition that the executive branch and the legislative branch may well want to revisit the authorization at that time, but we think the campaign could well go on longer.    Secretary Wormuth. Why don't I take a crack at this quickly and then have General Austin pile on.    The AUMF proposal, first of all, as I am sure you are aware, doesn't have a geographic limitation, and that was very deliberate to address exactly the kinds of concerns that you have. Similarly, there is the associated forces, which is designed to give us some breadth and discretion as to who we go after.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, first of all, we have a number of the coalition partners who are participating with us in the air strike campaign.    Secretary Wormuth. As General Austin has indicated, this is fundamentally a campaign that is being led by the Government of Iraq and any offer to have ground troops from another country come in would have to be accepted by the Iraqi Government. So those----    Secretary Wormuth. Right now, we only have advisors on the ground.    Secretary Wormuth. Sir, I don't have an exact number off the top of my head, but I imagine it was many billions of dollars.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, at this time, you know, the AUMF does not envision--the proposal that this administration put forward doesn't envision large--it doesn't envision employment of large ground combat formations. So that is what we are asking for now.    In terms of the broader approach, I think fundamentally something that is different between today and in the past decade is we have much more of a partner in the Iraqi Government. You know, Prime Minister Abadi wants us and wants the broader coalition there to help him.    Secretary Wormuth. I don't know off the top of my head.    Secretary Wormuth. No. That is true. But I am sure we will work to give the Iraqi Government as much advice as we can about the kinds of leader that they would need to succeed him whenever that happens.    Secretary Wormuth. Certainly. Sorry.    Fundamentally, our approach is based on a federal government in Baghdad. We believe that we have better prospects for success, both in terms of sustaining Iraq as a country, but also in terms of defeating ISIL, which is one of our fundamental concerns, doing that through a single Iraqi state as opposed to a partition solution, for example, you know, which has been discussed and was certainly discussed in years past.    So we are fundamentally taking the approach that we need to provide support through Baghdad to the Peshmerga, for example, who have been phenomenal partners and have been incredibly effective on the ground with the Sunni tribe elements, bringing them inside to get them into the fight.    But right now, our approach is based on a federal Iraq.    Secretary Wormuth. Certainly. I think victory is defined as when ISIL is no longer a threat to Iraq, to its existence, to our partners and allies in the region, and to the United States. And to get to that, I think, will take some time.    Secretary Wormuth. I think that is fair.    Secretary Wormuth. Sir, we have 60 countries with us, I believe, currently in the operation. And somewhere between a dozen and 15 are with us in the air strike campaign.    Secretary Wormuth. I don't think I would want to get into a list of top contributors because different countries are contributing in different ways. As I said, we have about, you know, 12 to 15 who are very engaged in the military part of the campaign, whether in the air strikes or, also, in terms of contributing trainers or helping with the advise and assist mission.    But we also have countries that are working with us very closely on things like the counter-messaging campaign. So, for example, Qatar has been very focused on that. We also have countries that are very involved with us, across the whole coalition, on trying to address the counter-financing campaign. So really different countries are taking their particular strengths and applying them where they make the most sense.    Secretary Wormuth. Yes. I believe so. We have wide representation from NATO as well as from countries in the region.    Secretary Wormuth. Thank you, Congresswoman, for the question.    I think what I would say is, to date, that the previous government in Iraq, under Maliki, was very problematic and did create many of, I think, the characteristics or the dynamics that you are speaking of on the ground.    Secretary Wormuth. First, I would say that I don't think we are putting our confidence in a single person. Certainly, I think, you know, we think Prime Minister Abadi is a much more promising partner than what we had in Maliki, but we also are working with his entire government. And he has taken some steps that I think are indicative of his commitment personally but also more broadly of his government to try to take a more inclusive approach, things like signing the oil deal with the Kurds, things like submitting the national guard legislation to the Council of Representatives.    And while, you know, I would not dispute at all that it is a very difficult political environment there and it is going to be very challenging to help the Abadi administration continue to have a more inclusive approach, we think that that is a more promising pathway than seeing the country break apart into divisions where, you know, a Kurdistan in the north, a Shiastan, a Sunnistan, as, you know, some people in the think tank community have talked about, those would only harden all of the divisions, I think, that we have seen that have created many of the complexities. And an approach that tries to bring those together, we believe, is a more promising approach, without underestimating how difficult that will be.    Secretary Wormuth. Thank you, Congresswoman, for the question.    Our policy towards the Assad regime specifically is that Assad has completely lost his legitimacy and his legitimacy to govern. He has created a situation where there is tremendous instability in his country. He is not really governing much of his country. There have been over 200,000 casualties, I believe, to date. And what we have to do, our view, is that there isn't a strictly military solution to that problem. What we need to do is to find a political settlement that would have a transition where Assad leaves the government.    And in terms of the ISIL challenge in Syria, what we are trying to do is develop a partner on the ground. We obviously don't have the same kind of partner on the ground that we have in Iraq, but we believe to be able to push ISIL out in Syria, we need to build that. And that is what our Department's train and equip program is designed to do.    Secretary Wormuth. I would say that the tremendous instability in Syria has certainly been fertile ground for ISIL to spread.    Secretary Wormuth. Congresswoman, I think, again, our view is that fundamentally what we need to do is pursue a diplomatic and political solution that sees Assad leaving that government; that militarily there isn't a solution.    You know, I wouldn't say we are taking no action. We have an extensive humanitarian assistance program underway to try to help support the Syrian population. We have worked with neighbors in the region like Turkey and Jordan and others to try to enhance their security as they deal with all of the refugee flows, but ultimately, we need to find a diplomatic solution.    Secretary Wormuth. That is a great question, Congressman. You know, fundamentally, one of the lines of effort in our counter-ISIL campaign is governance and it is about helping the Iraqis, again, develop a stronger government that takes a very inclusive approach to how they are trying to bring everyone together, bring in the Kurds, bring in the Sunnis, bring in other religious minorities, for example.    You know, and fundamentally, this is primarily the work of the State Department, but it is a major emphasis in terms of what we are trying to do. We don't believe--without that focus and without that focus on building a stronger, inclusive government in Baghdad; we do not believe that the military campaign on its own will succeed.    Secretary Wormuth. Well, Congressman, I think one thing we are doing differently--I mean, I think I would say fundamentally, ultimately part of why things did not succeed in Iraq the first time is because when the United States left--and that was because, again, Maliki, as you know well, did not want the United States to stay and was not willing to submit the kinds of agreements to the Council of Representatives--all of the things, many of the things that we worked with them on through those many years started to dissipate when we left. And I think fundamentally one of the lessons from that this time is that we have to partner with the Iraqis, but they have to want it for themselves, at least as much as we do.    And so we are now, I think, trying to provide advice to them, political advice, governance advice, military advice to help them build up their institutions, but fundamentally emphasize that they are a sovereign country and they have to be in the lead. And I think that is going to be challenging, but unless we want to stay there for an indeterminate period, they have to be able to do what needs to be done on their own.    Secretary Wormuth. Well, I think what I would say, Congressman, is we are not going to leave them abruptly. You know, we are working with them in partnership in a whole range of ways, diplomatic, political, economic, military, trying to help them do what needs to be done across the whole range of challenges that they face. And we will continue to work with them. Again, this campaign against ISIL we don't expect to end anytime soon.    Secretary Wormuth. Well, that is one of the many challenges we have in Syria, is that the Syrian opposition council is the primary, as I am sure you know, opposition entity, but it has been fractured over time. And so we are working--part of what the State Department is doing----    Secretary Wormuth. Well, we have--again, we are working with the opposition council. We also are obviously working with other countries who also believe that what is needed is a transition for Assad out of the government. But we are certainly--we don't have a partner in, in the Syrian Government, but we are working to build up the opposition council.    Secretary Wormuth. Congresswoman, what I would like to do is to give you a much more specific laydown of some of the questions that you are asking for the record, if that would be all right. But I think it is fair to say that, you know, we very much share your concern about the status of Christians in Iraq, but also other religious minorities, obviously.    Secretary Wormuth. ISIL has persecuted and prosecuted their barbaric approaches on Christians all over the country, and we are very disturbed about that, and it is one of the many reasons we are trying to defeat them in Iraq. I think something we have emphasized particularly again with the Abadi government is that as these military operations take place, it is very important that the ISF forces and the popular mobilization militias not conduct atrocities as they go into these towns.    And Prime Minister Abadi was very vocal this morning saying that he has the responsibility and the Iraqi security forces have the responsibility to protect all of Iraqi citizens. But we share your concerns, and I would certainly like to get you a more detailed report for the record. But General Austin may have more specifics to share.    General Austin. I agree. We will take that for the record, Ms. Wormuth.    General Austin. I would just say, Congresswoman, that having served in Iraq three times and now the Central Command commander, I have spent a lot of time with senior leaders, senior Iraqi leaders, and work with them on issues involving Christian and other religious minorities. And I can tell you that they value--they treasure the Christian population as a part of their community, their environment. And so when we saw Christians leaving Baghdad, for example, several years ago, they were concerned about that.    So they want this population to be a part of their environment, and I think that we will have to continue to work with the government to ensure that as we go forward that they are doing the right things to protect these minorities.    Secretary Wormuth. I am sure we can get you something by the end of the week, ma'am.    Secretary Wormuth. As of right now, Congresswoman, the funds for the Iraqi train and equip program are largely being spent on training the nine Iraqi Army brigades and the three Peshmerga brigades. I think about almost $19 million of that $1.3 billion is going to equip Sunni tribal elements.    But to my knowledge, that money is not being spent on training other groups outside of the ISF and the Sunni tribes.    Secretary Wormuth. Well, Congresswoman, there are, again, I think what we have been trying to do is work the train and equip program through the Iraqi Government. We could certainly talk with them.    I know they--General Austin may have more information about some of these other training programs that the Iraqi Government is doing itself of more local populations.    General Austin. That has been our approach in the past, and certainly it will be our approach going forward. I think this is best done in working with the Iraqi Government because at the end of the day, as we transition, they are going to have to be the folks that really continue to take care of these elements.    Secretary Wormuth. Chairman, if you don't mind, I am happy to----    The Chairman. Well, I think it is really a military question not a policy question.    General Austin. Yeah. So there is still a significant threat, sir, and so without the--and I apologize for not directly answering your question. But without the government fully operational, that makes it more difficult to do the things that I described earlier, to keep pressure on this organization, and so the threat will increase over time.    The Chairman. Okay. Thank you.    They have called votes, so I am trying to get to several things and I don't mean to cut you short. I will get to Mrs. Walorski in just a second but I want to cover a couple things.    Ms. Wormuth, I was with President Ghani a few weeks ago when he said that he would like for us not to reduce the number of troops we have in Afghanistan for the remainder of the year. We are going to have General Campbell here tomorrow. But the question I have got is where is that request in the administration, and when is it going to be answered?    Secretary Wormuth. Thank you, Chairman.    We are very much aware, obviously, of that request. President Ghani has asked us to consider giving him more--or he has asked us to perhaps have some flexibility in terms of the glide slope of the approach, and we are actively discussing that right now. And I think it will very much be a topic when the President comes here later this month.    The Chairman. So you think it is going to hang at least through the end of the month, at least? I am concerned that, on the current trajectory, we are reducing the number of people throughout the country, we are reducing our intelligence-gathering capability throughout the country, we are reducing a variety of capabilities we have throughout the country, and meanwhile we are studying it.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman--or excuse me, Chairman----    The Chairman. It doesn't matter. Mac is fine.    Secretary Wormuth. Well, I certainly wouldn't go that far.    We are taking President Ghani's request very seriously, and it is being discussed at the highest level. The President has not made a decision yet, but I think we are very aware of the importance of this request and want to do what we can to make the most of the next 2 years.    So, again, I think that will be a discussion when the President gets here, but it is being looked at a very high level and in great detail.    The Chairman. Well, as you can tell, I am frustrated at what we are losing in the meantime.    Let me ask one more thing and then I will yield to Mrs. Walorski.    General, last week in the Senate, General Allen, who is now the special Presidential envoy, said that ``enduring'' in the administration's AUMF proposal could mean 2 weeks or it could mean 2 years.    And then Secretary Kerry also testified in the Senate that ``enduring'' could mean weeks and weeks but then he came over to the House , and he said, well, it could mean months, not years.    So if this passed as submitted, you are the combatant commander responsible for implementing this AUMF, and so my question to you is, how long is enduring? Is it two weeks? Two months? Two years?    General Austin. Well, I think it is--you would have to evaluate the requirements on a mission-by-mission basis, and I would hope that, we could be--you know, when I am given objectives and goals and missions that they are specific enough for me to lay out how long it will take.    But in terms of, you know, a mark on the wall of exactly how long enduring is, that is ill defined or not defined.    The Chairman. Well, Mr. Smith and I got a letter from one of your predecessors, General Mattis, last week, who basically argued that we should not put restrictions as far as the kind of capability that we would limit our military commanders from using to achieve those objections.    I heard you tell Mr. Franks a while ago that you thought more flexibility was better. I presume that that would be your outlook. If you are given a mission, you would just as soon have all means necessary--or at your disposal--available to carry out that mission?    General Austin. That is correct, Chairman. And I would ask for whatever I thought was necessary to accomplish the mission.    The Chairman. Okay. Thank you.    Mrs. Walorski.