    Ms. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good morning.    Ensuring that our elections are fair, accurate, and freely accessible to all American citizens is fundamental to our democracy. Every instance of malfunctioning voting technology and without question every cyber attack on our election system is significant. And all efforts to improve voting security, reliability, privacy, and access are welcome and important.    I am confident by the testimony of today's experts and many others that we are in a much better place today than we were 10 or 15 years ago. I'm deeply concerned, however, by some of the rhetoric in recent weeks that seems to--seems intended to erode public confidence in our election system. Prominent voices have suggested that the U.S. election system is riddled with fraud and somehow rigged. Those conspirator allegations, like many others, that have been floated in the public sphere this election cycle are not supported by actual facts, and they threaten the election process we have relied upon for more than 2 centuries.    I'm eager to hear from the distinguished panel today about the challenges of securing our election system in the digital age and what actions have been taken at the federal, state, and local levels to strengthen cybersecurity. However, given the reckless rhetoric, as well as other serious threats our election system is facing, I want to take this opportunity to put the cybersecurity challenges in context.    The U.S. election system is complex and highly decentralized, encompassing approximately 10,000 local, county, and state election offices. Further, there are few connections between individual voting systems and the Internet. And at least 75 percent of the voters will be able to verify their vote with a paper ballot this fall. This compartmentalization and paper trail provides a strong firewall against any cyber threats.    The recently publicized attacks against voter registration rolls in Arizona and Illinois are serious but have not resulted in any changes to voter data or to any voters. In Arizona the cybersecurity firewalls worked to contain the threat. What I find most concerning are reports that these recent threats may be linked to the Russian intelligence operation. So we must be vigilant, and I hope these incidents will lead to improved cybersecurity protocols and practices.    While security of the election system is important, voter access is fundamental to our democracy. Baseless allegations of widespread voter fraud have been used as an excuse to disenfranchise large numbers of minority and young voters through discriminatory voter ID restrictions.    News21, a journalism program established by the Carnegie Corporation of New York and the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation found voter impersonation fraud to be extraordinarily rare. An analysis of 2,068 alleged election fraud cases in all 50 States from 2000 to 2012 out of 146 million registered voters identified only 10 cases of voter impersonation fraud. You don't enact laws because of 10 cases of fraud in 12 years unless you have an ulterior motive. Fortunately, the courts have been right through the most blatantly discriminatory state laws.    In addition to the state-sanctioned voter ID laws, the Brennan Center for Justice and others have continued to document cases of voter intimidation, deliberate spreading of misinformation to keep minorities and students from voting, and other attempts to target and disenfranchise minorities and young voters. These threats to tens of hundreds of thousands of eligible voters were either orchestrated by public officials or lone troublemakers should be taken as seriously as a cyber threat.    Mr. Chairman, I know my remarks have moved beyond the intended scope of this hearing, but you know well how passionate I am about this issue. It is my hope that with this hearing that we can have a thoughtful discussion of the challenges and actions that have been taken related to cybersecurity and other voting technology issues, while avoiding adding to the noise and confusion surrounding these issues just 8 weeks from the crucial election.    With that, I'd like to welcome our witnesses for being here today. And this is a distinguished panel. I look forward to hearing from our collective experience and expertise.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I take all concerns and challenges over cybersecurity in our elections very seriously. At the same time, we face many other challenges to ensuring that every vote counts and we count every vote. Some of these challenges are the direct results of human action such as related to old technology, and as we've seen in elections past, we even face risks from natural events such as major storms. I'd like each of you to comment on how you would rate the current cybersecurity risk in our upcoming election as it relates to other issues.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much.    Another real quick question--I know my time is running out. We would all agree that making it easier to participate in our democratic elections process should be a priority. Registering to vote and casting a vote shouldn't be an extra burden for those who can't leave their homes or for people with three jobs and for a family of caregivers. How do we balance our efforts to make voting more accessible with the necessity of having secure elections?    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.