    Dr. Garcia-Bengochea. Thank you and good morning.    My name is Javier Garcia-Bengochea. I am a neurosurgeon in Jacksonville, Florida. I'm here not to discuss the litany of atrocities emblematic of Cuba under a Castro but to testify about the importance of property. It is sufficient prologue to say that, in Cuba, virtually everything is stolen.    My family left Cuba when I was 15 months old, after Fidel Castro confiscated 386 Cuban businesses on October 14, 1960. One of these, La Maritima Parreno, established in 1919, was a commercial shipping port and warehouses in Cuba's second largest city, Santiago, and a privately held Cuban corporation in which we had significant ownership.    La Maritima and its president, my cousin Desi Parreno, had supported the revolution in its difficult early days. Fearing arrest if he challenged the dictatorship, Desi left Cuba the following day, having transformed from progressive to conservative overnight.    A Princeton graduate and valedictorian of his 1938 class, Desi was no rube. He understood the impact of the confiscations on the rule of law and order. Like my parents, he feared civil war. Four days later President Eisenhower initiated sanctions that became the embargo. Eventually, Desi's brother, Alberto, an American citizen and New York lawyer would receive certification from the U.S. Treasury for his loss.    The world would isolate Cuba only to resume relations after settling the relatively small international claims. The claims of Americans and Cuban nationals, by far the largest groups, remained unsettled. These are the very reasons for the embargo, yet, incredibly, until today, they have yet to be mentioned, despite that Cuba has confiscated billions in foreign assets and incarcerated dozens of foreign executives, some without charges since 2008 alone.    Americans assume when they invest in Cuba clear title and basic protections will be in place. Nothing could be further from the truth. Contract sanctity, an independent judiciary, and transparent regulatory and enforcement agencies do not exist there.    Every American enterprise in Cuba, including tourism, will necessarily traffic in stolen properties, including brands and trademarks, maybe those of an American.    That has certainly been my experience. The State Department, for example, has occupied a penthouse apartment since 1977 in a building I own without my permission, much less payment at least.    At least two groups, Smith College and The Met, have received licenses to traffic in my port property.    Countless licensed travelers have paid admission to Havana's Museum of Fine Arts to view paintings stolen off the walls of our home.    Foreign entities Fred Olsen Cruise Lines and China Harbor Engineering Company do business in the U.S. while using my stolen port.    How is that right or even legal? The claims must be settled, or there will be conflict. Although Cuba is bankrupt, there are ways this can be accomplished. They can simply return the property, despite the unsavory proposition of partnering with totalitarians.    Cuba can pay with earns from state-owned tourism, rum, art, and tobacco sales. Remittences to Cuba supporting ventures using stolen property could be taxed. Anti-trafficking laws should be robust and enforced, like title IV in the visa application. Title III of Helms-Burton should no longer by waived. If a foreign terrorist who damages our property abroad can stand trial in U.S. court, so can foreign traffickers.    If Congress eliminates the embargo and leverages without a fair settlement, then the U.S. Government should contribute. So-called business groups such as Engage Cuba and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, who disgracefully lobby to lift sanctions without considering the claim, should pay, as well as companies who profited from sales allowed to Cuba since 2003.    The claimants can receive tax credits and effectively pay themselves. The marketplace should be created to permit competitive bidding for the claims. When change, democracy comes, joint ventures and contract between the regime and foreigners will be canceled. Confiscated properties will be returned to the rightful owners.    Unfortunately, American enterprises that capitulate with Cuba's dictatorship will oppose change. We have linked their success to the survival of the Castro regime.    I will finish with an encounter in Cuba 2 years ago. Before the revolution, my father was Cuba's premier neurosurgeon and considered a pioneer of modern neurosurgical training there. I was invited to speak in a neurosurgery meeting in Havana, and after initially declining, I decided to attend. Ignatio, which is not his real name, owned a taxi service of vintage American cars. He was an IT specialist at a foreign firm in Cuba that closed after being robbed by the regime who overlooked turning off his Internet connection. He ordered parts online from the U.S. Brought in by mules and impeccably rebuilt his 1959 Bel Air. Upon congratulating him for his success, he expressed deep concern that, as others made money and spent conspicuously, they, the government, would confiscate everything ``when it was no longer convenient for them.'' In a surreal yet transcendent moment, he admitted he had become ``what you call in your country a conservative.''    Ladies and gentlemen, what is past is prologue. Unless the claims are settled, any American enterprise in Cuba will have the legitimacy of a drug deal. Trafficking and stolen property is not economic opportunity. It is not pro-business or normal. It is criminal and immoral. Property rights are the foundation of our economy and society. They promote competition through nonviolent and lawful means and define our human rights. Without them, there is no capitalism or economic development. A just claims settlement will protect future American businesses in Cuba and burgeoning Cuban entrepreneurs.    The strength of our relationship with Cuba will directly correlate with the strength of the claims and settlements. Indeed, these claims are a litmus test of government and civil society itself. Validating the kleptocracy will undoubtedly bring more confiscations and the prospect of sanctioning Cuba, an embargo, again. To paraphrase the prophet Isaiah: Peace is the work of justice, so too is normalization.    Thank you very much.    Dr. Garcia-Bengochea. Well, that's a complicated question. Obviously, there are formulas. There is an international formula. I think we have to get our arms around what is the enormity of the problem. How many claims are still actively being pursued? There are several layers to this onion, of course. There is the strict economic damages; how much the claims were at the time? They were grossly undervalued at the time.    Dr. Garcia-Bengochea. What has happened to them since then, obviously. The economic damages to the claimants. Ironically, the best source for that probably is the very thieves themselves, the Cuban Government. They claim that they are owed $1.1 trillion in damages from the embargo. That's damages to the claimants; that's the property owners, the private industry.    Dr. Garcia-Bengochea. Excuse me, Mr. Chairman, that is the most disingenuous argument.    Dr. Garcia-Bengochea. Yes.    Dr. Garcia-Bengochea. If I may.    Dr. Garcia-Bengochea. Yes, in fact. This is not a left, right, Republican, Democrat issue. This is the blocking and tackling the very foundation of economic relationships. One layer of this onion, as I said, are the certified claims, but there are hundreds of thousands of Cubans in exile who owned property. And there are millions of Cubans in Cuba who own property who are disenfranchised. I don't know how we can look into disenfranchising these people, putting them on the sidelines and opening up a so-called economic tie. This is crony capitalism to create these rules that exclude some people but favor others, and this is truthfully what has been going on.    Dr. Garcia-Bengochea. Well, I was going to echo those sentiments and add that the notion of investing in a country with no property rights is absolutely ludicrous. Aside from the fact Cubans have no money, but there is a capricious nature to this. How these claims are settled is probably in the grand scheme when I am dead and gone more important to American businesses and entities that look to invest in Cuba, much less the Cuban--the burgeoning Cuban entrepreneur, the poor guy, the taxi driver--it is probably more important to them in the long run than it is to the existing claimants how we handle this. This is an absolute fundamental issue.    And, again, I wouldn't pit it as partisan. It is not for or against the embargo. This is the rules of the road. We have got to understand them before we move forward in this.    Dr. Garcia-Bengochea. Well, I think it is outrageous. It is not only hypocritical; imagine if the roles were reversed. This is not who we are. If we are--as the President appears to have converted and become American exceptionalists, that we will go over there and convert the Castros and convert the Cubans. Well, this is not who we are. We are not people who traffic in stolen property. We are not opportunists at the very best. So it is disgraceful, truthfully, it really is. It violates every business, ethical, and moral principle that we have constructed our society from.    Dr. Garcia-Bengochea. It is Putinesque. It is what is happening in Russia. It is crony capitalism. At the very best, it is a sinister form of trickle-down economics. You are engaging a military oligarchy. We think of the Cuban Government as this state. The government itself is an enormous bureaucracy that insulates these military oligarchical families from the Cuban people. They operate in an entirely different orbit, and that is who we are dealing with. That violates every principle we stand for.    Dr. Garcia-Bengochea. I would tell him that, first of all, history repeats itself, human nature remains the same through time, and he's forgotten the history here. And if he is really concerned about growing prospects for American business and for helping the Cuban people, he has to get back to this fundamental social contract of property rights. It is one of the most innate human sentiments and experiences we have, children fighting over a toy. Once you set the rules of the road, there is harmony. He needs to set back and use this as the foundation, as the cornerstone of building a new relationship with a free and democratic Cuba. Let's face it, there are no free markets without free people. It really boils down to that. And so that's what I would tell him, go back to the blocking and the tackling the fundamentals, our DNA, and construct from there and get more peripheral maybe esoteric in your objectives.