    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Roth, in your report you said that the incident should be considered in light of the Secret Service's reputation for punishing or ignoring those who would further investigate or report such violation. And that interests me, because before your tenure the DHS Office of Inspector General released a 2013 report which did not find evidence in the Secret Service that misconduct or inappropriate behavior is widespread or that leadership has fostered an environment that tolerates inappropriate conduct.    So given your tenure, given this report, what are your thoughts about the 2013 DHS report? Is that an accurate reflection of what's going on in the culture of the Secret Service right now?    Mr. DeSantis. And that report also found that 36 percent of the respondents did not believe that senior managers are held accountable within the agency. Do you think that that is still the case today?    Mr. DeSantis. Is there any indication that the process for discipline within the Secret Service has improved since the 2013 report?    Mr. DeSantis. It's safe to say, though, that the conclusions reached in the 2013 report, that there's a conflict between the conclusions you reached in your report.    Mr. DeSantis. So the question is then, how to correct what has led to the cultural problems that your report identifies. And then I agree with you that, I think, underlying the 2013 report you saw evidence of that from the people who responded to the survey. So as people who are doing oversight, I mean, what do we need to be doing or what does the agency need to be doing, in your judgment?    Mr. DeSantis. Amongst your experience with the other components of DHS, do they all have similar issues with alcohol or is the Secret Service unique in that regard?    Mr. DeSantis. But you have not had a lot of alcohol-related incidences brought to your attention that you've had to investigate? Is that fair?    Mr. DeSantis. Do any of the other DHS components have a similar reputation where somebody who is trying to do the right thing could end up getting punished or marginalized?    Mr. DeSantis. But you can say that that is not a problem that's been presented to you in the other components during your tenure, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. Great.    Well, let me thank you for the report. I thought it was done timely and I think it had a lot of good information in it. So thanks for doing that. And obviously we want to see with some of the other incidents, we are looking forward to those results as well. So thank you.    And I yield back.