    Mr. Messer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank the panel today for being here for this important topic.    I want to direct my question to Mr. Atkins to start. You note in your testimony that there is more work to be done with respect to modernizing the Federal regulatory environment, and you also importantly note that Federal agencies have issued a record 392 major rules with economic impact of over $100 million annually on the economy. And many of us are supporters of the REINS Act, which would have Congress approve any regulation that had that kind of impact on the broader economy.    Could you just talk a little bit about how the regulatory burden impacts small businesses in America in search of capital?    Mr. Messer. And you mentioned community banks, but I would ask you a question: Who do you believe receives the most harm or bears the greatest compliance cost of today's current regulatory regime?    Mr. Messer. Yes, the back-end consumer.    I want to turn now a little bit to the JOBS Act, which increased the cumulative Reg A offerings by an issuer from $5 million to $50 million--again, something this panel would understand well. Despite the significant delays in finalizing the rule, has the new threshold been enough to entice companies to use Reg A offerings?    Mr. Keating or Mr. Atkins, if you could--    Mr. Messer. Yes. What does increasing access to Reg A offerings mean for U.S. businesses looking to raise capital and grow?    Mr. Messer. What does increasing access to those offerings mean for U.S. business?    Mr. Messer. Yes.    Mr. Messer. Yes. Most new jobs in any recovery come from small business, and so if small businesses can't operation and function in our economy it is very difficult to create jobs. Folks want jobs. We need to have healthy small businesses, and that requires access to capital, really.    One last point, maybe Mr. Atkins or Mr. Keating, in the limited time we have, I understand that the SEC is statutorily required to review the Reg A-plus threshold every 2 years, meaning that such a review is due this month. What do you think is the most appropriate threshold and how would increasing it to that amount further aid small business?    Mr. Messer. Okay. Thank you very much.    I yield back to the Chair.