    Mr. Bera. I will share my quick opening statement. I had, one, it is great to see both of you here, and as my colleague from Virginia said, we will take it easy on you, Mr. Stivers, today.    I had the privilege of going with Chairman Salmon to India a few weeks ago on a trip led by the chairman of the full committee Mr. Royce. And this is on the heels of the President's visit to India in January. So there is a general sense of optimism and the potential here, but there is also, obviously there are challenges as well.    We had a chance to visit with the Prime Minister again and many of his cabinet members, so from the Prime Minister's agenda our sense is he clearly does want to see this partnership grow. And you have seen some positive pieces of legislation like the raising of the FDI caps on insurance that really can have a tremendous benefit to allowing foreign investment to flow into India to help the Prime Minister reach his pretty ambitious goals.    Also when we were on the ground in New Delhi we were able to see some of USAID's work firsthand visiting the Vivekananda Slums and looking at some of the work that they are doing on the ground to address issues of sanitation, clean water, empowering local communities, and really talking to the staff on the ground and talking to some of the folks within the Indian administration.    You are moving India from being a donor recipient country to a country that is actually then going into places like Afghanistan, going into some of the countries in Africa and becoming a donor nation as well and helping that development. And I think that is a real success story for USAID to help India develop its own capacity to be a donor nation.    So I look forward to the testimony, and again look forward to continuing this momentum on the U.S.-India partnership.    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, and thank the witnesses. Often when we are looking at the U.S.-India relationship we focus on some of the challenges, and I am actually going to shift this because there are a lot of positive things that are really happening in the relationship.    In my opening comments I mentioned raising the FDI insurance caps. That is a positive step. That is something we have talked about for a long time and I think we should applaud the Modi administration for taking that step which will certainly help investment flows. I think tackling issues like introducing the land acquisition bill in India is a positive step, not an easy step but a positive step. So again I think we should applaud the Modi administration for that.    Looking at some of India's ascension going from a recipient nation to a donor nation, particularly when I look at some of the work they are doing in Africa, I think, is something that we should applaud. And in fact, I think, as we look at our strategy within USAID, the Indian diaspora has a long history in Africa and in fact may have a better understanding of African politics and culture and can very much be a strategic partner here.    Mr. Stivers, in your written testimony I am glad you gave a shout-out to the University of California Davis, my home institution, and some of the work that they are doing helping address the food security issues both in India, but then also partnering with India in addressing some of the food security issues in Africa. There is real opportunities for our institutions of higher education, our research institutions to work with India.    Now shifting to next steps. How do we continue to move forward? Secretary Biswal, you touched on making sure we move forward and finalize the bilateral investment treaty. I think that is a very important aspect that will then help resolve some of these issues for American companies and so forth. And I really do think both from our end making sure USGR is focused on getting a BIT signed, continuing to use USAID to empower India to again move from a recipient nation to a donor nation.    And USAID has a very interesting program that was announced by the President in January when he was there, the Diaspora Bonds. The Prime Minister, in his comments here in September when he was in New York and Washington, DC, clearly asked the Indian-American diaspora that has done so well here to take the lead in continuing to move the relationship forward. Clearly there is a role in the diaspora that wants to see this relationship come together. And I would be curious, this is a very innovative and new program, if you could comment on the Diaspora Bonds.    Mr. Bera. Absolutely. And another positive is you are getting the framework for the DTTI engaged on the defensive side, the defense framework. I think that is a positive now continuing to move forward on aircraft carrier technology, on the pathfinder projects and so forth. Again those are some low-hanging fruit that are both in our interests as we see a strong India and its presence in the Indian Ocean.    Secretary Biswal, I would be curious about your thoughts about the potentials here.    Mr. Bera. Great. So again this is an exciting time in the relationship. Undoubtedly we will encounter challenges on both sides of the partnership, but if we keep our eyes on the broader, longer term goal this really can be the defining partnership in this century. So thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.