    Mr. Polis. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. I am excited here to have this hearing regarding compensatory mitigation. As everybody knows, this is a mainstream item. It is not some fringe wish list item.    Of course, it is good for the environment, but it is also great for development, the economy, and has been used for decades under Republican and Democratic administrations. It is based on the fundamental premise of economics, and that is compensation for unfunded externalities. Decades ago development would be stopped if a project negatively impacted a natural resource. Mitigation offers a new creative option that can protect resources and compensate for externalities, as well.    Now, the Memorandum we are discussing today is not a rewrite of public land use. It is certainly not a new rule. Rather, it just solidifies and provides more consistency and predictability to efforts that are already underway--generally, the approach that we want to hear from our private-sector partners. Instead of a patchwork approach, this will improve the implementation of mitigation through a comprehensive approach. And, it is very important to improve coordination between our public and private entities.    This Memorandum does not mandate that Federal agencies require more compensatory mitigation, no. It, rather, identifies consistent standards and principles to provide for better predictability over existing mitigation practices.    My first question is for Ms. Goldfuss. Animal habitats, private landowners that are paid a free-market price for a scarce resource, investors with a reasonable degree of certainty get a return on their investment, and industry will use this mitigation in the marketplace--those are all key stakeholders who benefit from this policy. Do you agree that free-market investment tied to high standards for mitigation delivers better and more predictable outcomes?    Mr. Polis. Mr. Bean, I would like to ask about a topic that is near and dear to the hearts of this committee: sage grouse. We have held hearings on sage grouse; it is a hot-button issue in my home state of Colorado.    I also think it is a good example of how mitigation can work. Last year, the Fish and Wildlife Service found the greater sage grouse not warranted for listing under the Endangered Species Act because several Federal agencies came together with states and private landowners in an unprecedented conservation effort to plan for its long-term protection and recovery.    I wanted to ask you if mitigation factored into those plans, and whether it played a constructive role in helping the Service reach its decision to avoid listing on the Endangered Species Act?    Mr. Polis. Back to you, Ms. Goldfuss. I understand the guidance builds on existing practices for over a century of requiring mitigation for development. I was wondering--the mitigation banking has mostly been conducted on private land. How do we incentivize private-sector investment in additional mitigation banks on private and public lands? And I was wondering if you have any examples you could point to of successful incentivization programs.    Mr. Polis. My final question to Mr. Ferebee, who will not have too much time to answer. I represent a district with over 65 percent Federal land. I wanted to ask. How do our local communities stand to benefit from the smarter approach to mitigation that is put forward in this Memo?    Mr. Polis. Thank you. I yield back.