    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to the witnesses for the hearing today.    In the last defense authorization bill, we actually moved forward on a series of reforms. And, again, I salute the chairman and ranking member for their hard work in terms of some of these streamlinings of the acquisition process.    Another thing to build in was to revisit the National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund to expand the range of acquisition tools available to the Navy as they prepare to move to the next critical stage of recapitalization of our ballistic submarine fleet, which, again, has been consistently identified as one of the top priorities of our national defense. It is also one of the highest cost programs that we are facing.    In the 2016 NDAA, we expanded the fund to include authorization of incremental funding authority, economic order quantity contract authority, and advance construction authority. And, as Mr. Forbes knows, last month, the Seapower Subcommittee held a hearing on acquisition efficiency in Navy shipbuilding, and CBO and CRS testified. Among their findings, both experts testified that using the fund with these new authorities would generate up to a 10 percent reduction in program costs. So we are talking about $100 billion program; 10 percent is real money. That is almost the equivalent of getting 12 boats for the price of 11, according to their math.    So, Mr. Stackley, I just wanted to ask you if you have considered the benefits outlined by CBO and CRS in the use of the fund as it exists today with the new authorities that were enacted in the NDAA 2016 bill.    Mr. Courtney. So in terms of the ORP acquisition strategy and budget outlook, the authorities that we enacted last year--or in the 2016 bill--they are something that your office is definitely looking at in terms of that plan that you are talking about working with us on?    Mr. Courtney. Good. So, again, because that was one of the components that we wrote into the law last year, that is encouraging to hear that the Pentagon is embracing this. And the only observation I would make is that the fund has been sort of critiqued in some quarters as sort of a gadget that doesn't by itself generate savings, that the authorities are really where the money is. But what I would just note is that what we were able to do in this committee was to sort of package those authorities under the umbrella of the fund, which I think really made the legislative process, which has also got its own sort of cumbersome challenges, move smoother. So I think unpacking them and trying to do it sort of in a one-by-one process in terms of these authorities is going to potentially undermine our ability to keep this moving forward, again, in the most intelligent, cost-effective manner possible. So, again, thank you for your comments this morning, and we look forward in the next coming months to making sure that we give you those tools in the tool box, to make sure that this program, which is going to be a huge fiscal challenge, gets done in the most efficient and cost-effective way possible.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Wilson.