    Mr. Shapiro. Good morning, Chairman Rouzer, Chairman Hunter, Chairman Conaway, Ranking Members Costa and Garamendi, and Members of the Subcommittees. Thank you for the opportunity to testify on the important issue of international food aid and the U.S. Merchant Marine. Let me add that your leadership on these issues is to be applauded.    Liberty Maritime has been active in the carriage of P.L. 83-480 cargoes since 1988, and has successfully delivered almost 30 million tons on over 500 voyages to needy people all over the world during the last 27 years. We are proud of the historic accomplishments of the P.L. 83-480 program, and of the critical role of the U.S. Merchant Marine, and the role it has played since 1954 in delivering food and supporting this important program.    You have already heard from other witnesses about how important the carriage of food aid is to the Merchant Marine, as it comprises an essential cargo source for U.S.-flag vessels. I would like to add, from my long experience in this industry, that the current situation is unprecedented in its level of devastation to the U.S.-flag Merchant Marine. The U.S.-flag fleet is suffering economically from an enormous decline in available cargoes, not to mention the MAP-21 reduction from 75 percent to 50 percent carriage. And many ships, including several of our own, have had to re-flag, with the resulting substantial loss of sealift capacity and maritime jobs. So I can say without reservation that the current food aid preference cargo base is already inadequate to support the existing fleet, and that new and substantial support is needed to prevent further deterioration in the fleet size and loss of sealift capabilities needed for the future.    Let me add something about U.S.-flag rates, which have been criticized by out of touch academics. What these critics forget, first and foremost, is U.S.-flag carriers are rate capped by the U.S. Government in its determination of what is a fair and reasonable rate. So we cannot charge more than an average of our cost, plus a modest regulated profit on any particular voyage. And because of a lack of cargoes, and vigorous competition amongst U.S.-flag ocean carriers, we never come close to hitting the regulated profit amount or ceiling.    I would like to say a few words about the Obama Administration proposals to dismantle P.L. 83-480 in the name of reform. As well intended as these proposals may be, they have already done substantial harm to P.L. 83-480, and will do irreversible damage if adopted by Congress. The proposals have put the public narrative on P.L. 83-480's imperfections, rather than recognizing the program's enormously impressive track record, and seeking to improve on it. In fact, it is hard to find another U.S. Government program that has achieved so much for so long with so little. I dare say that if other foreign assistance programs were anything like the P.L. 83-480 program, the American people would actually like foreign aid.    Much of the funding is spent in the U.S. to buy U.S. agricultural products, to mill them here, send them to ports via rails, barges, and trucks, and ship them on U.S.-flag vessels, which are then delivered by U.S.-based private voluntary organizations. And most importantly, the program delivers assistance to persons who need it in a transparent, accountable, and efficient way. I would ask the Members of the two Committees represented here today whether we will be able to say that if P.L. 83-480 becomes a cash giveaway program. Will the American people support a giveaway program of cash that inevitably will be neither transparent nor accountable? I don't think we need any polling done to know the answer to that question.    We strongly urge caution and prudence before dismantling a program that has worked so well for so long, and won't be easy to reconstitute if it turns out that cash and vouchers are the wrong way to go. We already are the leading provider of cash aid in the world. We need do no more. Indeed, we believe the evidence is already accumulating that shows that cash and vouchers lead, as one would expect intuitively, to enormous diversions of funds, fraud, waste, and abuse. I commend the Subcommittees to the November 2014 United Nations Inspector General report, and to the 2015 GAO reports, both of which indicate that cash voucher programs are rife with fraud and abuse, and lack transparency and accountability. One of my favorite vignettes from those reports is the admission by GAO that the only verification that vouchers are ending up in the right hands to be used for the right purposes has been by satellite surveillance. I urge the Subcommittees to contemplate how likely is it that sporadic satellite surveillance can prevent voucher fraud and abuse in Africa.    From my own company's long experience, I can tell you that when we are hired to deliver food, not only to a foreign country, but also directly to a refugee camp, that food gets there every time. We take that obligation seriously, and shipping contracts make it our responsibility. The food gets delivered to the dock, or to the inland refugee camp, whatever is called for in the contract. Let me add that the President's proposal to transfer 25 percent more of P.L. 83-480 funding to be used for further cash giveaways tied to a one-time payment to carriers is unacceptable. It would hasten the dismantling of the P.L. 83-480 program in exchange for a token gesture. The U.S. Merchant Marine needs sustained support, not a severance payment.    I respectfully urge that, instead of destroying P.L. 83-480, Congress should consider ways to improve the purchasing, transportation, and distribution of in-kind food aid. We would be pleased to offer suggestions, as I am sure other carriers and program participants would as well. Most of the available ideas are not new. They have been proposed by GAO and others over the years, and ignored by shipper agencies, especially USAID. For example, the way shipper agencies contract for transportation services unnecessarily costs the U.S. Government money. In the commercial sector, contracts tend to apportion risk and responsibility to the person in the transportation chain that has the most control, and can mitigate the risk.    So, for example, where the ocean carrier does not control the ocean terminal, the terminal is responsible for loading or discharge delays caused by its employees or actions, not the ocean carrier. Yet, ironically, the U.S. Government ignores this commercial sensibility in favor of putting all the risk and responsibility on the ocean carrier, even for things totally out of its control. The inevitable result is the ocean carrier rates are higher than they have to be to account for this risk.    From the adoption of commercial terms, to incorporating priority berthing on load and discharge ports, these are just two of many contracting practices that would increase efficiency and lower costs. There are other--many other examples of ideas that can improve efficiency. We hope that we can continue to work with the Agriculture and Transportation and Infrastructure Committees to have those ideas reviewed and vetted for possible changes to the law. First and foremost, we need to reinstate the 75 percent carriage requirement that was in effect for the last 25 years, until the MAP-21 legislation 3 years ago.    Thank you again for inviting me to appear here, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you or your colleagues may have.    Mr. Shapiro. I apologize for being over the 5 minutes, but none of our testimonies were vetted by OMB, so we are going to say what we need to say.    Mr. Shapiro. Absolutely, Mr. Chairman. I think that, in the commercial world, the purchasing of commodity and the awarding of transportation contracts are handled in the same place. They are not handled in different places. And in the commercial world, it is a much more efficient practice because the commodity and the transportation are done consecutively, with each other, by the same people. To have it split amongst two different government agencies, one in Washington, one in Kansas City, makes no sense at all to me. It is a redundancy. It is a waste of money, and it is an inefficient way to operate.    Mr. Shapiro. I am not sure what inefficiencies people are talking about. When I listen to some of the hearings by Chairman Rouzer's Committee, they talk about the delay in the delivery of cargo. I can tell you, for my company, we have been in lay-up half the year with each of our three ships. That has never happened in 27 years in business. And since we have less ships than we had before, that illustrates how disastrous this current market is.    The inefficiencies which exist are inefficiencies in contracting by the government, frankly, where risk is apportioned to us. If we are giving food aid to a starving nation, why should we have to wait 20 days to discharge into port because there is no priority berthing agreement between the United States Government and the recipient nation? Why do we not have priority berthing in the United States? We are paying for the ship. Our ships are more expensive than the foreign ships that are loading at the same terminals. It seems to me that if the government is doing food aid, and giving money and benefits to starving foreign nations that need to feed their people, they should be able to dictate terms that would arrange for an expedient delivery of the cargo to the recipients.    Mr. Shapiro. We carry, Mr. Chairman, under a different set of rules than every other commercial shipment which is going on the high seas because USAID refuses to change its charter party and allocate risk to the person in the transportation chain that has the ability to control that risk, be it from loading the vessel to discharging the vessel.    On inefficiency, the inefficiency that I can demonstrate is the inefficiency of cash. If you read the November 2014 United Nations Inspector General of the World Food Programme's report, he says that of the $700 million that was sent to Syria, Lebanon, and Turkey for cash vouchers, that there was substantial, ``encashment of vouchers for less than face value for things other than the intended purpose.'' That kind of inefficiency is the grossest violation of what could be expected from this kind of program. We need to restore the 75 percent. The Congressional Budget Office says we need approximately $8 million a year to restore 75 percent carriage for U.S.-flag ships. But in the Lebanon, Syria, Turkey relief program, we gave hundreds of millions of dollars in vouchers away that disappeared. So the inefficiencies that I see are the inefficiencies of cash.    And those academics who claim--there were government people who claim they need flexibility. We have seen what flexibility happened when Mr. Bremer brought suitcases of cash into Iraq. We have seen that flexibility. That is not the kind of flexibility we need.    Mr. Shapiro. I think I have already done that, but, for instance, when we discharge a vessel, if we are bringing--our ships carry 50,000 tons of cargo. If we are bringing 50,000 tons of corn, wheat, sorghum, soybean meal, rice, whatever it is, there are certain ports that we go into, and we discharge right away. There are other ports, in Africa, where we sit for 20 days, waiting to discharge, because other commercial shipments are coming in, and the receivers of those cargoes have to pay money to the ships that wait. The U.S.-flag ships don't get that benefit. We have usually a line----    Mr. Shapiro. Which means that the risk is on us to have----    Mr. Shapiro. Nothing.    Mr. Shapiro. I am not aware of any. I can tell you that there is another part of this program that needs to be addressed, and that is that, for an American company to bid on a cargo preference tender, we have to own or control a vessel. Yet, we are bidding against foreigners who don't have to own or control a vessel. They have to name a vessel that is ``on the merit approved list''. And the merit approved list could be any vessel that has carried a cargo preference cargo for the last 20 years.    Mr. Shapiro. And if they then speculate and get the cargo, then they go out into the market, and they find----    Mr. Shapiro. Correct.    Mr. Hunter.--and then American shippers bid against foreign shippers----    Mr. Shapiro. Well, okay, so a tender comes out, each company responds to the tender, if they have a ship available.    Mr. Shapiro. An American company, in order to put their bid in, has to own or control the vessel that it is offering, which they usually do own them, or have chartered them, and the government agencies know that that company controls----    Mr. Shapiro.--that vessel?    Mr. Hunter.--company bid if they don't own a U.S. vessel?    Mr. Shapiro. Well, how a foreign--how many of the foreign companies that carry bid is they are located somewhere in a garage or in a house, and they put in an offer. If, all of a sudden, they are low bid, because they are foreigners, they win the cargo, they then go out and try to find a vessel.    Mr. Shapiro. No, a foreign flag vessel, because the USAID today makes the decision on whether----    Mr. Shapiro. Let us start with tons.    Mr. Shapiro. Say 100,000 tons.    Mr. Shapiro. Depending on when in the year it goes, correct.    Mr. Shapiro. Because they have to fix America----    Mr. Shapiro. Not necessarily, Chairman Hunter. How it works if we are starting the fiscal year, the first cargo to a certain country or region has to be fixed American. But once they have done that--let us just say 40,000 tons, they ship 20,000 tons on a U.S.-flag vessel, and 20,000 tons on a foreign flag vessel. The next tender that comes out doesn't necessarily mean it is a different country or a different region, depending on whether it is USDA or USAID. They determine what the breakup is between foreign companies----    Mr. Shapiro. Absolutely correct. In the----    Mr. Shapiro. In the Reagan years----    Mr. Shapiro. Congressman, I support all programs that call for the building of ships and the employment of Merchant Mariners. And any program we can have, be it cargo preference, cargo reservation, export of crude, grossing up MSP, whatever we can do, we need to have a U.S. Merchant Marine that is capable of providing what we provided over the last 20 years to this country, in the conflicts, especially in the Middle East, and any program that, ship owners always say, ``Give us cargo, and we will build ships.'' Well, we need cargo, because our cost structure is higher than the foreigners because of U.S. regulations and taxes.    Mr. Shapiro. Congressman, can I just add one thing before you depart? On the cost differential, I agree with Captain Murray that it is a 300 percent differential. One area where it is a 400 and 500 percent differential is insurance, and we need to address that as an industry, but we need Congress' help. Because, frankly, when someone is hurt on one of our vessels, we want to be fair to them, and pay them what they are entitled to get paid. But we have jury verdicts coming out of certain states that are millions of dollars for a broken arm, millions of dollars for a hurt back, and----    Mr. Shapiro. And we do have a responsibility to work with you to try to reign in some of these differential costs. And on the insurance side, it is achievable if we went to a Federal Workmen's Comp kind of panel that would decide what these injuries were worth.    Mr. Shapiro. Yes.    Mr. Shapiro. Well, I would say there are several factors. One would be on the food aid side, for the food aid program to restore the 75 percent, or even go to 100 percent. There are many nations in the world that give aid, and require that that aid move on their ships. Japan being one, for instance.    Mr. Shapiro. Number two, we need to increase the stipend for MSP ships to cover the loss of defense preference cargo. Number three, we should be looking, as Congressman Garamendi has suggested, at alternate cargo sources, whether they come from the commercial, the military, or the government side. We need to set aside cargo in order to have ships.    Mr. Shapiro. Well, I could do that, sir, but I----    Mr. Shapiro. I will take it, John. If it is available, Liberty will take them.