    Ms. Jacobs-Young. 37,000 acres.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. And I believe that there is a disagreement on whether it was working effectively or not. The panel came in and they had an opportunity to visit Clay Center, as you suggested. It was within a month. But as most animal researchers will know, you cannot undo damage to animals that has been done.    And what they saw when they visited that site was that those animals have been well cared for, and that is not something that can turn on a dime. And so they were impressed by the animal welfare that they saw at the MARC center.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. So what the panel found is that our policies and procedures are best practice, according to standard and industry standards. What happened at MARC is that they were not following the policies and procedures to the T.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. But it is about administrative procedures and not about animal welfare, that they took very good care of the animals. And that is documented. And so that is not the question.    It is whether they did informal minutes or formal minutes and whether they filled out the correct paperwork around training. Those were the questions that the panel had. They saw over and over again how well the animals had been cared for.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. The Easycare sheep experiment is representative of 51 percent of the sheep industry. They pasture their sheep. Our job in research is to mimic those production practices so we can minimize the mortality. That is part of the research process.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. And I will just state that, if one were to go and Google ``pastured sheep,'' you would find the level of data around mortality. Predation, starvation, abandonment, that is a phenomena that is found in pasturing sheep.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. The same way.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. Congressman Yoder, so one of the things that you already know is that in Manhattan, Kansas, we have one of our wheat quality laboratories. And we have three others located across the country.    And we have been working very closely with the Wheat and Barley Scab Initiative, and we have already seen some significant improvements in the reduction of mycotoxins in wheat with this group working together.    In fiscal year 2014, we had 131 projects in more than 27 States. And so, once again, we have a lot of people coming together to work on some of these issues.    In terms of the falling number test, we talked about that a little bit last year, but I am happy to report that this year that they found a brand new methodology that provides some consistency in the falling number test, which is an 80-year-old test, but also has great impact on our wheat prices. And so the ARS scientists have found a way to do this and reduce some of the inconsistency and variability in that testing.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. Yes. So, Congressman Bishop, just to give you an update, I don't have the dollars that have been obligated. We can follow up with that after the hearing.    But with the $45 million--thank you all so much for providing us with that in fiscal year 2015--we will complete the planning and design of the entire 143,000-square-foot biocontainment facility. We will construct a BSL-3 facility with this $45 million, the waste, treatment, and utility infrastructure that will support the entire facility.    Now, this part under the $45 million is scheduled to be completed in 2018. And with the request for 2016 for the balance of the funding, we will complete the remainder of the project, including the construction of a BSL-2 containment facility and modernization of some of the 10 small buildings that are there, and demolish 24 buildings. So we hope to have that all completed by 2022.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. So yes. So, in 2012, ARS completed a capital investment strategy for our building and facilities infrastructure.    And, as you are aware, in fiscal year 2015, we had an opportunity to address our highest priority concern, which was SEPRL. And we have in the upcoming budget five facilities. And so, as we are able to fund those facilities coming down the list, we will have an opportunity to address more and more.    But, in the interim--because I know you don't want to wait until we get all the way to Byron on the list--we have a request in fiscal year 2016 to increase our Repair and Maintenance (R&M) funding.    Because we find that, if we can go in and address some of the major systems in the buildings and do some of the upkeep that is required for maintenance, that we won't have our buildings falling in such disrepair as they are waiting for their turn to come up on the list. So we requested an additional $20 million in our budget for R&M across ARS.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. So, for Athens, in 2016, we have some projects that have been redirected. And so we have--we are part of the President's CARB initiative, the combating antimicrobial resistance bacteria initiative.    And so one of the things that is happening is that Athens is receiving--so while they are receiving a reduction, they are receiving sort of a redirection. They are being redirected into our antimicrobial resistance bacteria initiative.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. In Athens. At Athens.    So as the Chairman mentioned earlier, you know, we have to often find straight cuts. And sometimes we have an opportunity to redirect into specific initiatives. And so, in this case, it is a redirection.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. Yes. So in fiscal year 2015, we were able to support $900,000 toward PEDV. I think we had an opportunity to talk about it for the first time at the last hearing last year, because it is really new, since 2013.    And so we have been working collaboratively with APHIS and industry to first develop a model that we can use to test the vaccines. What we found is, some of the vaccines, the efficacy was not as optimum as the scientists would have hoped.    And so they have been working with those industries and APHIS to, first, help develop vaccines and, second, test the ones that are currently on the market. And that work is happening in Ames, Iowa.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. Well, it is difficult to say because what we are finding with the PEDV, which is the coronavirus, is that it has different strains and different levels of virulence.    And one of the things that we found in the interim through the animal research is that the management practices are also very helpful as we find opportunities to address this with better vaccines and treatments.    And so one of the things is: How is the disease carried from one animal to the next? Is it through the boots or on the gloves? And there is this feedback loop that they do. And I don't want to talk about what that entails, but it can impart some immunity in young piglets.    And so there are some interim steps that are in place, but it is difficult to determine how long it will take until we have the optimum vaccine.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. Mr. Valadao, thank you for your question.    Don't have the answer to that question specifically concerning listeria in apples, but we do have a lot of food safety work that is underway. The Meat Animal Research Center that we have been talking about this morning conducts a lot of that very important food safety work.    For example, they have done the studies that show how--the distance which a feedlot should be located from fresh fruit and vegetable production. And so some of the work that we have underway I am sure can address that issue, and we can follow up with you after today.    And I just wanted to also comment that, if you were to meet the MARC employees--the animal handlers and the scientists there, you would find the same group of passionate people about animals.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. Approximately 50.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. Congresswoman DeLauro, in response to the New York Times article and the actions that were taken inside of ARS, we have developed a brand-new action plan. And what the panel did find is that our policies and procedures are up to date and they are adequate.    But we need to ensure that each one of our locations is following those policies and procedures. And so I am hiring an individual that their sole job is to work with the animal research locations to ensure that they are following the policies and procedures, and I have named an ombudsman so that, if anyone has any concerns about anything that they have seen or heard in ARS, that they can come to that independent person.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. We are actually meeting with the leadership of AAALAC next week. We are also working collaboratively with APHIS. And we are working to shore up, to fortify, the system we have inside of ARS to provide our internal structure.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. So after the denial of the reprogramming, we had an opportunity to--well, we talked to the University of Idaho prior to the denial. We talked to the sheep industry.    And we had an opportunity to talk with--we had some public listening sessions with many people who were interested in the sheep station on both sides, both on keeping it open and on closing. So we have two very strong communities that are involved.    As the new Administrator--I have been onboard about a year--I have not seen the plan that has been proposed. I look forward to seeing it and having conversations about their ideas about how we could go forward with the sheep station. As it currently stands, it is not viable.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. Is not viable.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. I have not seen the plan.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. No.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. Not to my knowledge.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. That is typically how it is funded, at the location. And what is not possible to be funded at the location, it comes from headquarters. And those are--    Ms. Jacobs-Young. What they are covering is environmental studies, environmental assessments. And yes.    Ms. Jacobs-Young. I am. I have had two meetings in the last week with stakeholders on the topic of sage-grouse.