    Chairman Bridenstine. The Subcommittee on Environment will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the subcommittee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing entitled ``Examining the Nation's Current and Next Generation Weather Satellite Programs.'' I recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement.    I'd like to first thank our witnesses for being here today. This committee has a longstanding interest in the weather satellite programs of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, as evidenced by our continued oversight of these programs spanning multiple Congresses. I am also pleased to have the Department of Defense here today to discuss their weather satellite missions and the cooperation and coordination between the DOD and NOAA that result in expert forecasts that save lives and property.    After the National Polar-Orbiting Operational Environmental Satellite System, NPOESS, partnership failed to curb costs or yield benefits, the Administration directed NOAA and the DOD to develop individual polar-orbiting weather satellite programs. This has come to fruition with NOAA's Joint Polar Satellite System, JPSS, the first of which is slated to launch in March of 2017. Given that we are currently relying on the experimental-turned-operational Suomi NPP, it is my hope that this program suffers no further delays, and this launch date is met.    There has been improvement in the JPSS program over the past few years, but there are still potential causes of concern, which we will explore today. Meanwhile, the DOD began its own weather satellite program, the Defense Weather Satellite System, DWSS. However, this plan was scrapped in 2012, and the Department is now planning a new generation called the Weather System Follow-On, WSF.    In the meantime, the DOD currently relies on its existing satellite system, the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program, DMSP. These DOD satellites, much like NOAA's existing fleet, are ageing rapidly. One of them, DMSP-19, failed earlier this year, increasing the fragility of the system. The possibility of data gaps looms large as both agencies look to create a more robust satellite architecture.    Further complicating these issues is the reliance the agencies place on themselves and our international partners for critical weather data. For polar-orbiting satellite data, there are three primary orbits. The early-morning orbit is operated by the DOD, the mid-morning orbit by EUMETSAT's MetOp program, our partnering satellite agency in Europe, and the early-afternoon orbit by NOAA. Eighty percent of the data that goes into our numerical weather models comes from polar-orbiting satellites. Since we rely so heavily on these satellites, it is important for these orbits to continually be filled.    While these government satellites systems play an important role in providing data that predicts weather, I also want to highlight the growing role of the private sector. Let me be absolutely clear: I am not in any way suggesting the privatization of NOAA. Some people have suggested that, or the National Weather Service. However, the advancements of the commercial weather satellite industry have real potential to improve our forecasting capabilities, as well as provide gap mitigation in the event one of our satellites suffers a failure or further delays.    NOAA has released a Commercial Space Policy, a draft of its Commercial Space Activities Assessment process, and is currently operating a commercial weather data pilot program to test and validate private sector data for integration into its numerical weather models. I applaud NOAA's progress, and look forward to further action on this front. This Committee will remain vigilant in its oversight responsibilities to ensure that Americans have the best possible weather forecasts to save lives and property.    Chairman Bridenstine. I now recognize the gentlewoman from Oregon, the Ranking Member, Ms. Bonamici, for an opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. The gentlelady yields back.    I'd like to now recognize the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Ms. Johnson, for a five-minute opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the Ranking Member for her opening statement.    I'd like to introduce our witnesses today. Our first witness today is Dr. Stephen Volz, Assistant Administrator for the National Environmental Satellite Data and Information Services at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Dr. Volz has a doctorate in experimental condensed matter physics from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and a master's in physics from Illinois and a bachelor's in physics from the University of Virginia.    Our next witness today is Mr. David Powner, Director of Information Technology Management Issues at the Government Accountability Office. Mr. Powner received his bachelor's degree in business administration from the University of Denver and attended the Senior Executive Fellows Program at Harvard University.    Our third witness today is Mr. Ralph Stoffler, Director of Weather and Deputy Chief Of Staff for Operations at the U.S. Air Force. Mr. Stoffler received his bachelor's of science in meteorology from the University of Oklahoma in Norman--Boomer--and his master's degree in systems management from the University of Southern California Los Angeles.    Our final witness today is Ms. Cristina Chaplain, Director of Acquisition and Sourcing Management at the Government Accountability Office. Ms. Chaplain received her bachelor's degree magna cum laude in international relations from Boston University and her master's degree in journalism from Columbia University.    I'd like to now recognize Dr. Volz for a five-minute opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you for your testimony.    Mr. Powner, you're recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the gentleman.    Mr. Stoffler, you're recognized for five minutes for an opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. Would the gentleman yield for one second? Can you move your microphone to be in front of you? All right. Good.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the gentleman for his testimony.    Ms. Chaplain, you're recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you for your testimony, Ms. Chaplain.    We have with us--now, we're going to go a little bit out of order--but the chairman of the full committee, a good friend of mine from Texas, Mr. Smith, you are recognized for five minutes for an opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Chairman, for your opening statement. Thank you to all of our witnesses for their testimonies.    Members are reminded that Committee rules limit questioning to five minutes. The Chair now recognizes himself for five minutes.    I wanted to start by addressing the issue that we recently had on another committee I serve on, the Armed Services Committee, with Meteosat-7, which was going to do cloud characterization and theater weather imagery over the Indian Ocean, which is critically important for our war fighters serving in that part of the world. We had hearings on our committee when we learned that Meteosat-7 was not going to be able to continue doing those functions and that the Europeans were not planning to replace it with what we thought they were going to plan to replace it with, so we started having hearings and trying to figure out what are we going to mitigate this gap with.    And then, ultimately, we just learned last week that the Europeans are indeed going to launch a new satellite and move Meteosat-8 over to a region that is close to where Meteosat-7 was so we can get some of the same capabilities back.    I wanted to ask Mr. Stoffler if you would comment on the process that we went through from believing we were secure in a solution to not having a solution and then going and finally looking like we've got a good solution. If you could share with us what the solution is and the process that we went through to get there.    Chairman Bridenstine. Now, would that happen immediately or is that--you said we're going to have a gap. How long is that gap going to be?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay.    Chairman Bridenstine. At what point did you guys reach out to NOAA to seek assistance? Or did you?    Chairman Bridenstine. I want to bring up something that I've heard as an idea. I'm not saying it's a good idea; I'm saying it's an idea, and I want to get your input on it. During the George W. Bush Administration, they established the National Executive Committee on Positioning, Navigation, and Timing to coordinate and provide high-level guidance for GPS. It was co-chaired by the Deputy Defense Secretary, the Deputy Transportation Secretary.    The executive committee only meets about twice a year, which seems doable even for people who are extremely busy, as I know you are. The National Executive Committee has a permanent staff, working groups, and includes every agency with GPS equities. Is it worth considering a national executive committee approach for weather to get attention, coordination, and guidance at the highest levels when we face these kind of gaps?    Chairman Bridenstine. Dr. Volz, what are your thoughts on that?    Chairman Bridenstine. All right. My time is expired. I'd like to recognize the acting Ranking Member, Mr. Grayson from Florida.    Chairman Bridenstine. Great questions. As somebody who serves in the United States military, maybe I can help. When it comes to mesoscale forecasting in Afghanistan, which is a smaller level, in Afghanistan that's not where NOAA is going to be serving the war fighter. NOAA is focused on the United States of America. The DMSP programs and all the weather satellite programs operated by the Department of Defense feed models that will ultimately enable me to determine whether or not I can use a laser-guided weapon or a GPS-guided weapon for a specific target in Afghanistan or some other part of the world. Of course, I did counter-drug operations in Central and South America as a Navy pilot, and I was very grateful that we had excellent weather data down south. It could have been better, but my goodness, weather in Central and South America changes so rapidly. You literally see the thunderstorms growing.    I'd like to now recognize Mr. Moolenaar from Michigan.    Chairman Bridenstine. The gentleman yields back.    I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Dr. Babin, for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the gentleman from Texas.    We're going to move into a second round, and I'd like to start by asking Dr. Volz one of the things that came out of the GAO report has been the challenge that we've had with the Suomi NPP expected life, and now it's been extended. I don't think anybody doubts the fact that Suomi NPP is going to be around longer than the expected life at the time of its launch. I think one of the concerns we have is that the process and the procedures, the clarity for how we go about extending that life, and--from our perspective it might look like it's subjective. Can you give clarity on how you make that determination, and then maybe in the future have published standards or something that determine how we move forward so then there isn't a question about why it was changed.    Chairman Bridenstine. That's great. We thank you for that. When you think about the NOAA-16 satellite that broke up randomly--and I shouldn't say randomly. It broke up. And do you have any clarity on that? And one of the concerns we had is could that same fate be the fate of Suomi NPP?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay. Got it. I wanted to ask about the commercial pilot program, commercial data program. Can you give us an update where you are on that and how it's going?    Chairman Bridenstine. Got it. And then, Mr. Stoffler, the two highest priorities of course for CENTCOM--cloud characterization and theater weather imagery--there are commercial capabilities that are out there that might not be in space just yet but are planning launches as early as 2019. One of them would be hyperspectral capabilities. Would those capabilities be valuable to you for cloud characterization or theater weather imagery?    Chairman Bridenstine. Now, is there a way that the federal government on the Department of Defense side could partner with a commercial company knowing full well that eventually the commercial company will have customers that aren't necessarily the Department of Defense but could be the agricultural industry, could be the insurance industry or the transportation industry, shipping industry, but to signal to the markets that there is a demand from the Department of Defense for this kind of capability? Are there ways of partnering today so that we can help get this industry going?    Chairman Bridenstine. Is it possible to do a partnership where maybe the private sector would provide the data for free to the Department of Defense? In return, the private sector would get an EELV launch or some kind of partnership like that?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay. I'd like to recognize the acting Ranking Member, Mr. Grayson, for a second round of questioning.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the gentleman from Florida.    The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Babin--Dr. Babin is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. The gentleman yields back.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Dr. Babin.    We'll go into a third-round as long as people are sticking around. You're not--well, I'll ask a few questions then if that's all right.    I wanted to bring up a couple of challenges that we've seen within the Department of Defense and how we've applied some solutions in the Department of Defense when it comes to the space-based communications, for example. We now lease about 80 percent of our communications over the horizon from commercial assets.    Now, that does a number of things for us. Chief among them, it gives us the capacity and the throughput necessary to get the information and the high-resolution, motion picture imagery from the place where it is to the place that it needs to go. That's number one. But number two, it also distributes the architecture very rapidly in a way where it complicates the targeting solution for our enemies. And of course we've seen the Chinese and the Russians both advanced anti-satellite directive-sent missiles, which are of concern to those of us on this committee and on the Armed Services Committee. What--so that partnership that we have with commercial industry to do over-the-horizon indications I think is very valuable.    We've also seen for narrow-band communications, we've seen the success of Iridium, which was a partnership between the Department of Defense but also international partners, and it was, you know, provided--financing initially for Motorola, but eventually there was financing from a venture capital kind of capability that came together. And now the Department of Defense is using Iridium very robustly around the world.    I would also say when it comes to remote sensing and imagery, we've seen the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency move forward on a commercial space policy where they're buying imagery from space from commercial operators and they're going to continue to do that. Again, it complicates the targeting solution for the enemy by distributing the architecture, and it also gets us more data, better data, higher revisit times, things like this.    Are there partnerships like that when you think about defense weather? Could we develop a partnership similar where maybe we have a satellite bus and we attached to it payloads that are necessary for cloud characterization or necessary for theater weather imagery? And in this era of defense sequester, which is damaging our Department of Defense, create more robust partnerships that would be good not only for the Department of Defense in bringing down costs because when you purchase from commercial, you ultimately have more customers than just the Department of Defense, which shares the cost but also distributes the architecture?    Mr. Stoffler, could you comment? Are you guys having those kind of conversations about bringing down cost, distributing the architecture, and ultimately getting more data, better data, and higher revisit times?    Chairman Bridenstine. Could you host those sensors on commercial payloads that would even give us more opportunities to launch, more opportunities to put those sensors in space?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay. One other challenge that I see ahead of us, being from Oklahoma, on these issues I don't really have any parochial interest, other than the fact that I have constituents that die from tornadoes. My mission here is to get as much data, the right data so that we can ultimately move to a day where we have zero deaths from tornadoes.    Now, I know what we're talking about generally here is the macro scale global initial conditions for weather forecasting, but my concern is that as we go forward with a commercial capability, we're going to have a lot of data. And when you think about hyperspectral, when that capability comes online, there's going to be a lot of data. One of my concerns is how do we assimilate all that data into our models? Is that possible now? What do we need to invest in? How can this committee be helpful?    Mr. Stoffler, I'll start with you and then will go to Dr. Volz.    Chairman Bridenstine. And do we need additional modeling capabilities? Do we need additional computing capacity? Are you saying that you're good and you have everything you need to move out?    Chairman Bridenstine. Dr. Volz?    Chairman Bridenstine. Excellent. Earlier, Mr. Stoffler mentioned that the Department of Defense is not going to accept data from the Russians or the Chinese. Does NOAA have a position on that?    Chairman Bridenstine. But there's not a policy position that says we won't use them?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay.    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay. I'd like to yield to the acting Ranking Member, Mr. Grayson from Florida.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the gentleman from Florida for his, quite frankly, great questions. I think you're hitting on a critical thing that we need to be talking about on this committee, and that is technology insertion plans. One of the reasons I think commercial is so important--and I want to be really clear. I support JPSS. I want to make sure JPSS is fully funded, but I do believe commercial is important because commercial satellites are being launched with miniaturization of technology, miniaturization of electronics. We're going to be able to launch a lot more satellites in more distributed architectures that again complicate the targeting solution for the enemies but also with smaller satellites you can launch more of them, you can launch them more frequently. When you have new technologies that arise, you can put them in orbit very rapidly.    I would also say one of the areas that I've been pushing on is the hosted payload concept where every time a commercial communications satellite launches, we could test a new sensor on that commercial communications satellite, and those satellites are launching quite frequently these days. And not only in geostationary orbit but now in the future we're going to be launching them into low-Earth orbit as well.    I'd like to recognize the gentleman from Texas, Dr. Babin, for the final five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Well, thank you. I'd like to thank the witnesses for their valuable testimony today and the Members for their great questions. The record will remain open for the next two weeks for additional comments and written questions from Members. This hearing is adjourned.