    Mr. Contreras. Greetings, U.S. Congressman Ed Royce, U.S. Congressman Matt Salmon, and members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.    My name is Zosimo Laurel Contreras. I am here today to represent my family and to express my great disappointment and heartache about our land in the city of Tagatay, Philippines. The land I am referring to was inherited by my mother, Adelina Laurel, from her father, my grandfather, Conrado Laurel.    To give you a little background on my family, my grand-uncle, Jose P. Laurel, was the President of the Philippines; and his son, who served as Vice President of the Philippines, Salvador Laurel, is my second cousin.    This inherited land is very, very important to us, as it would be for any family.    Early last year in January 2014, I went to the Philippines to visit our property with my cousins. I was shocked when I saw fences, block walls, and pineapple plantations on our land. Despite our 2001 court order for the land grabbers to vacate, they continue to occupy the land. While I was taking pictures of our property, someone came over to me and harassed and intimidated me, asking what I was doing and why am I taking pictures. I told them this is our property, and they told me the land is theirs. They told me that I own the title, but they own the land. They warned me not to go there anymore.    On June 15 of 2014, I visited our land again and saw a big house being constructed on the property, and there was no permit. Immediately after, we went to the mayor's office in Tagatay City to complain about the land grabbers' activity. The mayor's office sent a letter to the settlers to cease and desist the construction. We also sent letters to the land grabbers to vacate the property by July 30 of 2014, and they told us that we have to have a court order to execute the removal of the land grabbers on our property. At that time, we had our court order which gave us authority to remove them. They told us we need to leave and threatened us. We were outnumbered and intimidated by them as they told us to go home. The police, who were with us at the time, just stood there and didn't help. We felt disappointed we didn't have help from our local government authorities.    On another occasion, my cousin and I went to our land to have it surveyed and noticed the land grabbers removed the land markers. She then hired a surveyor to have the markers replaced and was harassed and threatened by the land grabbers, who were carrying guns. They told my cousin that she should not continue surveying the land.    I was also advised by my cousins and brothers in the Philippines that I should not go there alone because of the dangerous situation that might cause harm on me. The land grabbers had machetes, guns, and we are outnumbered by them.    I am here to graciously ask for your assistance to work with the Philippine Government and help my family keep our precious land which has been inherited through so many generations. We need your help. We cannot let the land grabbers control us. We cannot continue to feel helpless. Where is the justice? Where is the rule of law in our Philippine Government?    This is a serious situation. We should not be afraid to protect and visit our own land. As a responsible landowner, my family and I continue to pay all the taxes on the property; however, no one is representing us. The police, who were with us, acted helpless and scared. Where is the respect for the property owners, and who will protect our rights?    Please, please help us and the rest of the property owners who are victims of these land grabbers.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Contreras. It is rural or urban. It is a city. It is Tagatay City. It is a resort city.    On our land, to answer your question about what they are doing to the land, they do plant pineapples, trees, bananas, and they stay there. And when you ask them to leave, they threaten you. In fact, we sent a court order to move out. Even the Tagatay City, the mayor helped us to send that letter. We distributed that to them, and they just ignored it. And whenever we come there again, people are looking at us, what kind of cars we are driving. They look at us. They know who we are. So after that, they all gathered around and circled us and threatened us. That is not the kind of life we are looking for in the Philippines.    Mr. Contreras. That is true.    Mr. Contreras. For my safety, when I visited the Philippines, especially when we visited our lands out there, because when we go there, they know what car we are driving, and when they find out we are there, a lot of people that live in that neighborhood come around you and threaten you. I would say that I am fearful myself. It is not an easy thing to go there anymore.    I was there three times last year, and I had a horrible experience going there. Sometimes I said I might as well give it up, give it up, but I can't because I inherited that land and I have the right to own it. That is how I feel about that. I don't know if I will go back there again, but I will. I promise, I will go there.