    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, thank you, Chairman King, for convening this third hearing of the Task Force on Executive Overreach. And I've been very interested to hear the dialogue I've just heard and especially the comments of the Ranking Member, because I look forward to the transition that will take place when we have a bipartisan effort to halt executive overreach, because it occurs in every Administration of both parties. It's occurring right now. And the point isn't whether you believe in a particular point of view about climate change or whether you believe in the necessity of doing something about nuclear weapons in Iran, we all agree on the need to do some things, not necessarily do the same things. The question is, under the United States Constitution, who has the authority to do it? And there we have a serious difference of opinion.    I have to tell you: one of the lowest days in the time that I have served in Congress was the day that President Obama came to the House to give his State of the Union address before a Joint Session of the Congress, and at the end of his long laundry list of things that he wanted Congress to do, that every President has of either party--they always have a list of things they want done--at the end of his, he said, ``And if you don't do it, I will.'' By what authority under the United States Constitution? And the really--the reason why it was such a low day for me was that so many Members of your party stood up and gave a standing ovation to the President when he said: I'm going to take your power, the people's power in the elected Representatives of the Congress, and I'm going to use them for other purposes.    Mr. Chairman, could I have order?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will focus my remarks on the recent deal the President struck with Iran on its nuclear capability, a deal that primarily meets Iran's goals in that sanctions are lifted, nuclear research and development continues, and America's safety is compromised, but doesn't include any requirements for inspections that can verify compliance anytime and anywhere. Amazingly, among the deal's many flaws is an end to a ban prohibiting Iranians from many coming to the U.S. to study nuclear science and nuclear engineering at American universities. Knowledge obtained in the programs is instrumental in being able to design and build nuclear bombs.    President Obama made these gutting concessions even as a senior State Department official testified before Congress that deception is part of Iran's DNA. And Iran's actions continue to prove that it can't be trusted.    With that background in mind, President Obama's agreement with Iran is being unlawfully implemented because the Administration failed to provide Congress with the documents required under the Iran nuclear agreement Review Act of 2015. Under that act, the agreement materials required to be submitted by the President to Congress ``include any additional materials related thereto, including annexes, appendices, codicils, side agreements, implementing materials, documents and guidance, technical or other understandings, and any related agreements, whether entered into or implemented prior to the agreement or to be entered into or implemented in the future.'' Because the President has not transmitted to Congress various side deals related to the agreement, including side deals between the International Atomic Energy Agency and Iran, he can't have Congress' approval of the agreement as required by the Iran nuclear agreement Review Act, yet the President pushes on, unlawfully, with his doomed agreement that can't protect Americans from a nuclear Iran.    President Obama is, unfortunately, no stranger to bad deals. Two years ago, this Administration negotiated with the Taliban for release of Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl, a deserter who awaits court-marshal. Despite having a policy of not negotiating with terrorists, the Administration irresponsibly exchanged Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl for five Taliban terrorists detained at Guantanamo Bay. By doing so, the Administration has emboldened all terrorist organizations and has created the risk that five terrorists will reenter the field of battle.    Making matters even worse, the President, again, violated Federal law in the process, namely the Federal law requiring 30 days' notice to Congress before the release of any terrorist prisoners from Guantanamo Bay. The nonpartisan Government Accountability Office concluded that was a violation of a ``clear and unambiguous law.'' The GAO has concluded the President's actions constituted a violation of the Antideficiency Act, which prohibits Federal agencies from spending funds in excess of or in advance of amounts that are legally available.    The Constitution does not and cannot require that Presidents make sound decisions in office, but it does require that Presidents obey the law. The President is sworn to do as much as are we as Members of Congress.    I look forward to hearing from today's witnesses.