    Mr. Hardy. Thank you. I would like to thank the chairman for holding this meeting here today.    You know, I am from Nevada, and we have UAS test appropriations for our site for--out in Nevada we have the McCarran International Airport within our State. And what we are talking about here, I believe, is one of the most vital, important things, not only for our State but for our Nation. For the world, so to speak, because we are the busiest place in the world.    However, at the end of the day, I don't think anybody can argue that we are--and there is no debate on it--that we are dealing with technology from World War II, back when we were fighting Japan and Germany. Seventy-five years we have been dealing with this type of technology. Paper slips really concern me.    So with that being said, not only is it dated, but it is also costly. It shows here, according to the FAA, airline delays and cancellations are costing passengers and shippers in the airline business nearly $33 billion annually. And the trends are increasing. The FAA projects that passenger growth--will continue to grow for years ahead. So, let's get straight to what we are using, 75-year-old technology. And inefficiencies in the system are still costing us $30 billion a year, or annually.    With the safety and security being paramount, as Ms. Brown has said, I believe that the chairman was absolutely right when he uses the word ``transformative.'' Speaking of safety, I would like to talk to Mr. Calio. In your testimony you state that reform will make our exceptionally safe system even safer. I want to examine that just a little bit further, and kind of get a little down deeper, and have you share your thoughts with us on how that works with this new ATC modernization.    Mr. Hardy. Thank you. Turning to Mr. Rinaldi, you know, as a former business owner myself, I know what happens when there is uncertainty in the market, and what is going on. Can you give me just a little bit of an idea about your thoughts on this uncertainty, and the impacts with the controllers?    Mr. Hardy. I would like to just touch on the same thing with Mr. Calio. You talked about uncertainty and funding streams yourself. Do you share the impact of that uncertainty with the airlines, that it has on airlines also?    Mr. Hardy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.