    Ms. Eskenazi. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Abraham, Ranking Member Titus and subcommittee members. My name is Laura Eskenazi. I am the vice chairman and executive in charge of the Board of Veterans' Appeals. As you noted with me from the Veterans' Benefits Administration is Beth McCoy, Deputy Under Secretary for Field Operations, and Ronald Burke, Director of the Appeals Management Center.    Thank you for inviting us here todays to discuss VA's commitment to providing veterans with timely and quality appeals decisions. We are here today representing the dedicated hardworking employees at VA, many of whom are veterans or family members of veterans.    Working closely with Secretary McDonald, all of us are deeply committed to increasing efficiencies that we may provide our Nation's veterans with the outstanding service they deserve.    The VA appeals process is very different from any other appeals process. It is not one in which a single appeals office in VA assesses whether to affirm or reverse a prior decision. The responsibility for processing appeals in VA is shared between the Veterans Benefits Administration and the Board of Veterans' Appeals, which is why you see both offices represented at the table today.    The VA appeals process is complex. It has multiple stages, it is non-linear. The process is heavily set in law with a continuous open record that welcomes submission of new evidence and new arguments from the veteran at any time.    As a result of this open record framework, the matter on appeal often no longer resembles the initial claim. Moreover, the open record often requires VBA to cycle back to an earlier step in the process as opposed to advancing to a final Board decision. This is required to comply with the legal requirements set forth in statute and binding case law to provide the veteran with the right to one review on appeal to the Secretary.    Throughout an appeal, the VA has the duty to assist the veteran in establishing his or her appeal by ensuring that the record of evidence is complete, and current for purposes of adjudication.    Given that nearly all appeals involved medical disability determinations, and that medical conditions evolve, appeals are frequently sent back or remanded to gather new evidence, and issue a new decision on that new evidence, which the veteran can then appeal back to the Board.    The landscape of the veterans appeals process changed in 1988 with the establishment of the United States Court of Appeals for veterans claims. As a result of the legal complexity that has developed with court review, it has become increasingly challenging for VA to complete an appeal by reaching a final decision. Simply put, the current design of the appeals process is incompatible with timely final appeals decisions. We have seen the remand rate from the Board rise steadily over the years since judicial review from a low of 23 percent in fiscal year 1990, to over 45 percent in the last 3 fiscal years.    During the past year, VA has actively participated in collaborative discussions with the veterans service organizations on ideas for reform. One concept that gained traction was to provide veterans with a choice of a different, more streamline avenue of appeal. This voluntary choice is the core principle of what has been referred to as the fully developed appeal, or FDA.    While the FDA would not be a silver bullet, it would offer a more efficient finality-driven approach, and perhaps serve as a model for other streamlining ideas.    In conclusion, veterans are waiting too long for final appeals decisions under the current legal framework. We are very thankful for the work by Congress, this committee, and other stakeholders, including the veterans service organizations, to explore long-term solutions to provide veterans with the timely appeals process they deserve.    Thank you. I would be happy to answer any questions from the committee.    Ms. Eskenazi. That sounds accurate.    Ms. Eskenazi. I am happy to answer that. In most appeals processes, you have a decision that is made, and then when someone, appeals it goes to an appellate tribunal who looks at the initial decision based on the record that existed at that point in time and decides whether to affirm the decision, saying it was appropriate, or to reverse the decision, saying was wrong under the law.    In this system it is very different. We have a system that has been built up over decades since World War I, and has many layers designed in the statute, initial appeals decisions, and some cases that come all the way to my office, the Board of Veterans Appeals, but not all. And cases that do come to the Board, the Board's standard of review is what is considered de novo. In other words, the Board takes a fresh look at everything and is not saying whether the first decision was necessarily right or wrong, it is just a new decision.    Ms. Eskenazi. The other key aspect, if I may just continue, is that open record. We are not just looking at a frozen record, we are constantly getting new evidence.    Ms. Eskenazi. Great comment. As I said in my opening statement, everything changed with the creation of the judicial review, the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims.    Ms. Eskenazi. Yes, 1988 the court was established. You took an already multilayered process that made sense when it ended in the agency and then added another layer of review which has contributed to the churning that we see in the process.    Ms. Eskenazi. On an annual basis, the Board last year, for example, fiscal year 2014, we remanded about 45 percent of the cases that we decided. We decided 55,000 decisions which was the most ever for the Board since the court was created. Generally, about 75 percent of cases that are remanded returns to the Board. When a case is remanded, BVA obtains the additional evidence and they issue a new decision. So some appeals are granted at that point and do not return to the Board.    Ms. Eskenazi. About 75 percent of remands are returned to the Board.    Ms. Eskenazi. It is common that the cases are remanded more than one time, sometimes for the same matter, sometimes for things that have changed in the interim. Sometimes for changes in the law that have taken place in the interim. So it is very common that cases are remanded more than once.    Ms. Eskenazi. I am sorry?    Ms. Eskenazi. Yes, VBMS is essentially a electronic claims file, so for as long as the Department has done these cases they have been in paper form, some of them quite voluminous. Several years ago we moved towards the electronic claims folder, which is the Veterans Benefits Management System. For claims processing, it is more than just a record, it is a very robust database that performs its--a lot of functions that were previously manually done.    Ms. Eskenazi. For the Board we are users the VBMS, instead of looking at files in paper, we will look at files on the computer screen, but at this point, that is what we are using it for, for the Board, is simply viewing the records of evidence.    Ms. Eskenazi. Well, though they are receiving some degree of benefits, they have a right to continue to pursue all types of benefits. I mean, even veterans receiving 100 percent disability compensation can still continue appeals. So grade of payment does not have any affect on the appeal.    In terms of prioritizing, you know, certainly under the law currently in existence again rate of payment does not stop the right to appeal.    We have many cases in the system in which veterans are receiving payment at 100 percent and they still continue appeals, and that is certainly their right to do so.    Ms. Eskenazi. I am sorry?    Ms. Eskenazi. Well, the question really becomes what do veterans believe would be fair for them, because although they may be receiving a high benefit on one disability, many strongly feel that they should also receive that same rating for other disabilities. And they have that right under this very due process system that we have.    Ms. Eskenazi. At the Board of Veterans' Appeals we are required to decide appeals in the order in which they are placed in the docket. So that is a very strict priority order. We do not have the ability to decide appeals outside of that strict order.    So for example, remanding claims, they save their place in line. When remands come back to the Board, they are naturally older and they go right to the front of the line. As the Board continues to have more remanded cases and those come back, it becomes more challenging to reach those newer appeals because we have to do the older ones first.    Ms. Eskenazi. We talk in terms of inventory, there are so many stages in the appeals process and many appeals resolve at the early stages, and many appeals continue through all the stages. And even preparing for this hearing, we are were asked to look at the 10 oldest appeals at the Board and at that point in time, and we have some appeals that have started in the late 1980s again around the time the court was created.    They look very different today than they looked when they were first decided, but it is very exemplary of the veterans right to keep on pursuing. And VA's duty is to assist the veteran in trying to establish whatever claim it is that they are seeking. That is also part of the reason that we have the remand rate is to try and get that additional evidence to try to substantiate the benefit rather than simply just denying it.    Ms. Eskenazi. I hear from my Colorado Springs constituents that it typically takes 5 years from when they request a hearing to when a hearing takes place. For fiscal year 2014, the Denver regional office received 420 hearing slots, but there were 2,200 veterans awaiting a hearing. For this year it is projected to be 450 hearing slots, but 2,100 veterans awaiting hearings, and that math doesn't work.    I know you touched on this already, but tell us what I can tell the people like Richard--I won't mention his last name for privacy reasons--he has been waiting 3 years to await a decision. So what can I tell my veterans that you are doing to help this backlog?    Ms. Eskenazi. Thank you. Yes, for hearings there is quite a wait time and it varies throughout the country, depending on the location. One thing that the Board is doing more of is offering video hearings. Historically, and hearings are optional in appeals, veterans do not have to elect a hearing with a Board judge because you need their appeal. And we are trying to do more education on that, to ensure that those who do request a hearing understand that it is certainly not required, it is their option.    We have a few types of hearings that we offer. Historically, one of our 65 veterans' law judges will travel around the country to regional offices to sit for a week face to face with about 45 veterans and conduct a hearing in their appeal.    We also offer hearings at central office here in Washington, D.C. and some veterans do elect that option. In recent years, we have been increasing the amount of hearings that we offer through video teleconference technology. That certainly is a much more efficient time----    Ms. Eskenazi. For the hearing options?    Ms. Eskenazi. Certainly. What we are also informing veterans is they can also submit their arguments in writing, and what they would tell the judge, they can put them in writing and send it to the judge again, that would move their case along a little faster. But certainly, hearings are an area that we need to achieve more efficiencies.    Ms. Eskenazi. The board is very grateful for the increased resources we have received over the past 2 fiscal years. It has allowed us to hire over 150 new attorneys, which are so essential to adjudicate these appeals.    As a result, the Board increased its output to, last year, 55,532 appeals, which is the most in the history of the Board since the court review was established. So we have taken a 20 percent increase in staffing and increased our output at the Board by 30 percent. So we are very grateful for those staffing efficiencies.    Ms. Eskenazi. The board provides some financial incentives to some of our staff to reward a job well done. We are more focused on providing timely quality decisions irrespective of that sort of----    Ms. Eskenazi. For VBA, I will defer to Ms. McCoy.    Ms. Eskenazi. Certainly, I am happy to address that topic. I have described the types of hearings that the Board offers, and historically it has been the face-to-face, in-person hearing. We have had some success increasing video hearings, but under the law, we have to wait for the veterans to request the video hearing. And if we had the option to default the scheduling or a video, then certainly still welcome and allow the face-to-face for those who really want that option. It would just gain some efficiencies from a logistical standpoint.    The face-to-face, in-person hearings require finding a judge who travels to areas as far as Manila. And obviously--we have 65 judges right now and they also work intensively on signing decisions. So you can schedule more video hearings without the barriers of the travel. So that can lend to those efficiencies in the time saved that you referenced.    Ms. Eskenazi. We have had a really successful increased rate of video hearings. And with the new technology it has been very helpful. When we started this back in the 1990s, the technology was not too great, all tube televisions and clunky recorders, but everything is state-of-the-art technology, digital recording. And in fact, we don't see any difference in the outcomes of appeals where there is hearings by video, versus hearings face to face. The outcomes have no statistical difference.    Ms. Eskenazi. Great question and great summary of the constraints that exist in the process today.    One thing I would note is we are very thankful for the support that was given to the Camp Lejeune Act recently which provided that for evidence that the veteran or the veteran's representative submit with the VA form 9, that is the formal appeal stage, that evidence may come straight to the Board and be reviewed without having to send it back for another decision. Now, that is for appeals filed February 2013 and later, which the Board is not quite working that time frame yet, but that will certainly help in the future.    This is a process, because as I indicated, we are dealing with medical conditions and medical conditions evolve, time is somewhat the enemy. And so, we need to keep things moving along at a steady pace so that decisions can be made without lengthy lapses of time that allows for conditions to change. Because it is not only the submission of evidence from the veterans or new arguments, but like I mentioned, VA has an obligation under the duty to assist to ensure that we have everything.    Another interesting constraint in the system is at the point of the Board hearing where the judge meets with the veteran, it is at a point that is supposed to be the end of the process. Yet, it is a conversation that takes place where oftentimes new things are illuminated and that contributes to having to send that back.    Ms. Eskenazi. Certainly. And many appeals do resolve at those initial stages in the Department. So after the notice of disagreement is received by VA and certainly if the veteran meets with the decision review officer, a large number of appeals are resolved at those early stages.    For ones that continue through and particularly come all the way to the Board, it is really a variety of reasons that lead to the need for a remand at that point. Some of it is changing conditions, some of it is just new allegations, some of it is changes in interpretations of the law that the court issues in the meantime. All that drives the remand cycle. But again, it is in an effort to try and help substantiate that claim as opposed to denying it and perhaps short-cutting a due process matter.    Ms. Eskenazi. I think that legislative reform is absolutely needed. And as I indicated in my opening statement, there has been a lot of discussion about different ways to streamline the processing steps in the Department, not to shortcut a benefit for the veteran, but to achieve the same results that we are receiving today, just with less steps in the process so we can move things along in a more timely fashion. That is part of, again, the FDA. I know Congressman O'Rourke has that bill or the express bill, or Express Appeals Act in the FDA, that the VSOs have been working on. I do think that there is some value in considering those options.    Ms. Eskenazi. I am happy to address that question. The board has been leading an effort of gathering what types of requirements. We had the assistance of a contractor in the fall looking at all portals in the department into the appeals process because the Board hears appeals not only from VBA; that is certainly the most, but we do receive appeals from NCA and VHA as well.    So we have a high-level plan to ensure that what is designed works for the entire enterprise, not just one part. And we are very hopeful. I mean, the 2016 budget is not set yet, but we are very hopeful that we will be able to move out with some funding on that planning.    Mr. Eskenazi. I don't know about complete but certainly in a more positive way forward.    Ms. Eskenazi. Certainly. What I referenced was the concept of providing veterans with a choice of a different type of appeals process, and that was the core concept that was discussed during the past year with the VSOs where you provide the veteran with notice at the time that they elect an appeal and allow them to go the traditional route that we have today or allow them to try a different route where the appeal would immediately come to the Board.    And you would have to give them the right type of explanation but allow them to make that informed decision and give them the opportunity to opt out as well. If they opted for that program and then later changed their mind, certainly they could slip back into the normal process. So that was the concept that was discussed, and I believe some of the VSOs will talk about it in more depth today, and it is just one of these ideas of how can we provide the same ultimate benefits to veterans with just a streamlined process.    Ms. Eskenazi. One of the biggest constraints for the Board in doing it without legislation is our requirement by law to decide cases in the order in which they are placed in the docket. So if we bypass those middle steps, but the case got to the Board only to then have to wait in line behind all the others, that is not really providing any real effective outcome for the veteran. It is almost a false promise, and that is very heavily set in statute.    Ms. Eskenazi. Yes. Absolutely.    Ms. Eskenazi. Certainly. Thank you so much for your support. We view this as a team effort. There is a lot of stakeholders, and we are all looking to do what is best for our veterans, so the team effort approach is the best approach. Thank you.    Ms. Eskenazi. Thank you. So I presume you are referencing our database, which the acronym is VACOLS, Veterans Appeals Locator System--I forgot a word there. It is a database that we have had in place since the 1990s, and it is an Oracle database. It is very antiquated, and it is a workload tracking database. It does not contain the official record, but it is a workload management tool.    Ms. Eskenazi. Well, we really need everything to be merged into one database, whether it is somehow linked or subsumed. VBMS is the robust enterprise----    Ms. Eskenazi. The board has been strongly advocating for this need, and everybody agrees with the concept. The initial focus of VBMS was to get it built up and running for the claims processing, and that is well on its way. But what we have seen is you really don't get to a point where you end that because there is always new programming features that are needed.    We have done an in-depth study, as I indicated, as to what we need for the appeals part of the process from an electronic standpoint. So as we receive the funding, which we are very hopeful to receive, we will be ready to go with a plan as opposed to just getting money and then having to create a plan. And obviously we will have to work with--it is a heavy process to work with IT programmers to ensure that they build exactly what is needed.    Ms. Eskenazi. Only that, you know, that is a huge priority for the Board for appeals. We are using VBMS as indicated to view the claims file. We really need to maximize the efficiencies from an IT standpoint removing manual processes where possible.    We know that VBMS can never replace people in terms of the adjudication process, the review by the attorney and the judge; but we know that there is a number of efficiencies that we can put in place to better manage work flow and to mitigate risk in tracking all of those appeals by using different databases.    Ms. Eskenazi. That is an accurate observation, and certainly we have heard that from veterans before. We will give them periods of time to respond to documents or processes and----    Ms. Eskenazi. Certainly. I mean, the goal in the appeal is to make sure that we get it right. And oftentimes when additional evidence is needed, whether we have to go get a new examination or to seek Federal records perhaps from another agency, these things can take varying degrees of time. So----    Ms. Eskenazi. Yeah. Too long.    Ms. Eskenazi. Great observation, and certainly one that we share in terms of trying to explain this very dense process to veterans who many of which just want a decision.    One thing to keep in mind is this process, as convoluted as it may appear, it is in an effort to constantly provide veterans more opportunities. It is never to say no. It is so much due process that it is an approach that is driven to constantly look for that piece of evidence, hear that next contention, add on that next claim perhaps the downstream element, and keep trying to help the veteran get to the point where they feel satisfied with the decision that they have.    And it is somewhat subjective for the veteran as to when that point arrives. Some veterans are satisfied early in the process. Other veterans, such as the ten oldest appeals we submitted to this committee, have been pursuing claims appeals that have evolved since the late 1980s.    And on the one hand that is a very unique feature in offering so much due process to not say no, that it is again it is a paternalistic type of a process. The consequence, the flip to that, though, is the time that is involved. And it is counterintuitive to someone to explain that when they ask the simple question how long does it take, and when will I get my answer?    And when you have a process that is designed with so many stages and so many points that we welcome new evidence, we look for new evidence, we look for new arguments, and that may be required to cycle back, it is just those two principles kind of conflict against each other.    So then the question can then become, well how can we still provide those same outcomes for our Nation's veterans with a process perhaps a little more streamlined. And as we know, the core of this process was designed after World War I, and there has been many changes in the law over the time but usually adding more process. And when the Court was created, it was another layer of review added on top.    And veterans are receiving more benefits than ever as a result of this process, so how can we get those same outcomes with perhaps just a more streamlined set of steps. And that is why the concepts that are imbedded in the idea of the fully developed appeal, the Express Appeals Act, those types of concepts are worth pursuing if we can get stakeholder agreement to see if that can be one avenue to offer more of a streamlined process.