    Mr. Kelly. Mr. Doar first, but follow up if you need to, please, ma'am. Can you talk about the selection process, and why you believe it was the appropriate cross-section of the Commission? Mississippi, my state, is one of the highest food insecurity states in the country. We have the highest poverty, the highest obesity rates, which quite often go with hunger. We have actually, a lot of the people who are in the poorest area are actually in the areas where the food is grown, which are the poorest, and have the least food, which does not make sense. But you chose other food-insecure areas that are much less insecure in food, like Albany, or Oakland, as opposed to going to the Deep South, where some of the heart of the problem is. Do you feel like the Commission maybe should have looked at those areas?    Mr. Kelly. Yes. And this is a comment, it is not a question. But, people like to use us for the poster child of all the last, and those things, or the 49th or the 48th. You think you would start there, going to veterans, that is very dear to me, okay? And when we talk about veterans, there are two points that you made. Number one, that 12 percent of our veterans are under-nutritioned, or hungry.    Mr. Kelly. The second part of that is, having served, and being able to see those soldiers at the E1 through the E4 level, who, quite frankly, a lot of time are newlywed, sometimes have children and those things, you said 12 percent of veterans, and I am assuming that is folks who have served in the past, but what percentage of our actually currently serving E1s through E4s in the military service have children or families who are undernourished?    Mr. Kelly. And, again, I will just reiterate, I don't know the numbers, but I have served with those guys----    Mr. Kelly. And the hard part of that is that most of these guys and girls, who cannot afford--the same gene that drives them to serve this great country at a very low profit to them also keeps them from asking or requesting assistance from a government which they love so much they would die for. So, again, I guess the whole point in my thing is let us look at the areas where it is most prevalent, and that would be our E1s through E4s, and the active duty military, and the poorest of poor states, the Deep South, the Mississippis, so that our recommendations reflect what best helps those who have the most need. And with that I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Aguilar, for 5 minutes.