    Ms. Grover. Thank you. Good afternoon. I am pleased to be here today to discuss TSA's efforts to secure the U.S. surface transportation system.    As many of you have already noted, rail and transit systems, pipelines, and the Nation's highway transportation system are inherently vulnerable to attack and difficult to secure because they are open systems with multiple access points, where people and vehicles can generally move about freely. In this situation, good intelligence and robust communication about possible threats becomes critically important.    Compared to aviation, where TSA has a direct role in providing security, TSA's role in surface transportation security is indirect. For example, TSA contributes to surface transportation security by providing industry with recommended security standards and conducting voluntary security assessments.    TSA is also responsible for gathering information and sharing intelligence about potential threats. Specifically, TSA requires U.S. rail agencies to report all rail security incidents, with the intent of allowing TSA to analyze the data, identify new threats, and alert the rail industry and law enforcement.    For this to work, though, TSA has to receive consistent and accurate information on these rail incidents. They have to have a data management system in place to capture the information, to conduct appropriate analysis, and have effective data-sharing mechanisms. TSA has recently taken steps to improve in all of these areas.    In 2012, GAO found that TSA headquarters had not provided guidance to local TSA officials, called surface inspectors, about the types of rail security incidents that rail systems had to report, which led to inconsistent reporting. As a result, the number of incidents per million riders reported by 7 passenger rail systems ranged from less than 1 to 23 during 2011.    Now, some variation is always to be expected. But in this case passenger rail officials told us that they had received inconsistent feedback from TSA surface inspectors about what should be reported, particularly for incidents involving weapons. We also found that TSA's enforcement of the reporting requirement varied, with some rail systems not inspected at all over an 18-month period and TSA inspectors taking action against some rail systems but not others when both rail systems failed to report the same type of incident.    In addition, the quality of TSA's data was poor, as its data management system didn't capture all incidents and was prone to data entry errors. Due to other technical limitations, TSA couldn't provide basic information, such as the number of incidents by type or rail system. Without this type of analytic ability, TSA faced challenges in identifying patterns or trends in the data as the system was intended to do.    Finally, in June 2014, GAO also found that surface transportation stakeholders varied in their level of satisfaction with TSA's security-related information sharing, but TSA did not have a systematic process for collecting and addressing stakeholder feedback to ensure that the information they were providing was of value.    In response to our recommendations on these issues, TSA provided guidance to surface inspectors and rail systems to clarify reporting requirements and took steps to enhance the consistency of its inspection process. TSA has also made improvements to capture data on previously-unreported security incidents and changed the data system to improve its analytic capabilities. In addition, TSA has developed a new process to document and respond to stakeholder feedback on its efforts.    Collectively, these changes addressed the intent of our recommendations. If TSA implements them effectively going forward, they will help to ensure that the rail security incident reporting process is consistently implemented and that TSA has the tools and information necessary to develop a useful, comprehensive, and accurate picture of security incidents, as well as developing trends or patterns.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Grover. The fact that the systems are just wide open.    Ms. Grover. Well, just that 1 of the 10 categories of incidents that is required to be reported to the TSOC is the general category of threats. So it would depend on the specific guidance that TSA had developed about how to define threats about whether or not those are reported.    Ms. Grover. Thank you, sir.