    Mr. Feere. Thank you, Chairman Gowdy, Ranking Member Lofgren, and the distinguished Members of the Subcommittee for allowing me to speak before you today on the very interesting issue of birthright citizenship.    Every year, approximately 350,000 to 400,000 children are born to illegal immigrants in the United States. To put this in perspective, this means that 1 out of 10 births in the U.S. is to an illegal immigrant mother. The executive branch automatically recognizes these children as U.S. citizens, despite the foreign citizenship and illegal status of the parent. And, because the executive branch automatically recognizes them as U.S. citizens, they provide them Social Security numbers and U.S. passports. The same is true of children born to tourists and other aliens who are in the country in a legal status but in a temporary status.    It is unlikely that Congress intended such a broad application of the 14th Amendment citizenship clause. And the Supreme Court has only held that children born to citizens or permanently domiciled immigrants must be considered U.S. citizens at birth. Some clarity from Congress would be helpful in resolving this ongoing debate.    In recent decades, the issue has garnered increased attention for a number of reasons. First is the mass illegal immigration this country has experienced. The population of U.S.-born children with illegal alien parents has expanded rapidly in recent years from 2.7 million in 2003 to 4.5 million by 2010. Under the immigration enforcement priorities of the Obama administration, illegal immigrants who give birth to U.S. citizens have become low priorities for deportation.    Furthermore, the President's DAPA program, Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents program, a program currently held up in the courts, would provide benefits to illegal immigrants who give birth here and allow them to ``stay in the U.S. without fear of deportation.'' That is from the Administration. The broad interpretation of the citizenship clause forms the basis for these policies.    Second is the issue of chain migration. A child born to illegal aliens in the United States can initiate a chain of immigration when he reaches the age of 18 and can sponsor an overseas spouse and unmarried children of his own. When he turns 21, he can also sponsor his parents and any brothers or sisters. Approximately two-thirds of our annual immigration flow is family-based. And that's part of the reason, not the entire reason, but part of it. And this number continues to rise every year because of the every expanding migration chains that operate independently of any economic downturn or labor need.    Third, the relatively modern phenomenon of affordable international travel and tourism has increased the opportunity for noncitizens to give birth here, raising questions about the appropriate scope of the citizenship clause. According to the Department of Homeland Security, in 2013, there were 173 million nonimmigrant admissions to the United States. This includes people entering for tourism, business travel, and other reasons, but it also includes those who are engaging in birth tourism, which is a growing phenomenon that has arisen in direct response to our government's broad application of the citizenship clause.    Birth tourism is the practice of people around the world traveling to the United States to give birth for the specific purpose of adding a U.S. passport holder to the family while misrepresenting the true intention of their visit to the United States. An entire birth tourism industry has been created, and the phenomenon has grown largely without any debate in Congress or the consent of the American people. Birth tourism is becoming much more common with every passing year, and I do think at some point Congress will have to address it.    Fourth is the sense among many Americans that the United States is falling behind the global trend on birthright citizenship, as many countries which once had such policies have ended them in recent years. The United States and Canada are the only two advanced economies as rated by the IMF to grant automatic citizenship to children of illegal aliens. For these reasons and others, there has been a bipartisan effort to end birthright citizenship legislatively here, even in Canada as well.    Multiple legislative efforts to clarify the appropriate scope of the citizenship clause have been proposed by both Republican and Democrat politicians as there remains much debate about who should be considered subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. In 1993, Senator Harry Reid, Democrat from Nevada, introduced legislation that would limit birthright citizenship to the children of U.S. citizens and legally resident aliens. And similar bills have entered--been introduced by other legislators in nearly every Congress since, I believe.    Some clarification from Congress on this issue would certainly be welcomed and perfectly appropriate. I would be happy to take any questions on these and other issues. Thank you.    Mr. Feere. Yeah, the research I looked at in terms of what other countries are doing on birthright citizenship, I was able to include dealing with other government officials, looking at other constitutions, that about 30 of the world's 194 countries do grant automatic citizenship to children of illegal aliens. As I mentioned earlier, only two advanced economies in the world, United States and Canada, have that practice.    And the truth is when you start to look at other countries that claim to have it, it comes with exceptions. You know, there are certain countries that say, ``Yeah, we welcome citizenship for everyone,'' but you look at their actual population, you discover that, you know, 45 percent of their population is made up of indigenous people who have no right to citizenship.    You discover that some of these countries are very quick to enforce their immigration laws, never actually end up giving grants to children of illegal immigrants. Mexico, for example, tells me they are not aware of any situation where that's actually happened, even though they claim to have automatic birthright citizenship. On top of it all, if you want to look at Mexico a little bit more, you know, they have a very different situation than us. If you are born here in the U.S., you could grow up to be President of the United States. Not so in Mexico. You'll never grow up to be president of Mexico because their Constitution requires that not only are you born in Mexico but your parents are, at least one of your parents is as well.    So there is still a second-class status for a lot of folks in these other countries, but the global trend certainly is moving away from automatic birthright citizenship. Many of the countries which once had them ended it in recent decades. The U.K. ended it in 1983. Australia in 1986. India in 1987. Malta in 1989. Ireland ended the practice through a national referendum in 2004, and their biggest concern was birth, tourism, people coming there to game the system    New Zealand in 2006. The Dominican Republican ended it in January 2010, and I think that it's important for Congress to provide specific clarification on this issue. There is plenary power at issue here. This is something that's not just for the courts the decide. The political branches do have a say on immigration.    Mr. Feere. I mean, it's hard to measure cost. It depends on how you want to look at it. We do estimate, the Pew Hispanic Center also estimates that somewhere between 350,000 and 400,000 children are born to illegal immigrants every year. It's difficult to estimate how many birth tourists there are. We have a very rough estimate. It could be as high as 35,000, 36,000 people per year as birth tourists. And, of course, those do come with costs, you know. Any type of cost that a person generates is going to be factored into these--this analysis.    But for the example of children born to illegal immigrants, we, obviously, as a Nation, we provide them public education paid for by the taxpayer, and the--since per-student expenditures in the United States are roughly about $10,000 per year, it's likely that somewhere around $13 billion goes toward the education of illegal immigrants in public schools.    Now, if you look--just looking at U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants, the cost is approximately $26 billion per year, and I don't think any Americans would say that we shouldn't try and educate those who are here in our country, but the reality is it does come with actual cost----    Mr. Feere . That don't really get addressed.    Mr. Feere. Right.    Mr. Feere. Well, one of my concerns is that this whole debate is the result of a phenomenon that is sort of happening without anyone at the helm. No one is really clear exactly when the first illegal immigrant was entered into the country. No one is really clear as to when the first birth tourist came here.    But the Administration--some Administration decided to say, you know what, go ahead and give them a Social Security number, give them a U.S. passport. And it just sort of happened at some point. And no one really knows when.    And I think Congress hasn't addressed problem. And, as a result of not addressing it, we rely on floor statements from 100 years ago. We're relying on a footnote from a Supreme Court case in 1982. And I think some clarification on the issue from Congress would help a lot.    And to the issue--to the idea that Congress can't legislate on constitutional matters, one of the Committee Members, Congresswoman Jackson Lee this session, I believe, has a bill that would narrow the scope of the Second Amendment. It would raise the gun ownership from 18 to 21, I believe. So she clearly believes that Congress has a role in, you know, interpreting and deciding the scope of constitutional amendments. As I mentioned in the opening, Senator Harry Reid believes the same thing, at least, did at one point. So I think----