    Ms. Fredrickson. Good afternoon, Chairman Goodlatte and Ranking Member Conyers and distinguished Members of the Committee. My name is Caroline Fredrickson, and I'm the president of the American Constitution Society for Law and Policy. I am testifying today in my personal capacity and do not purport to represent any institutional views of the American Constitution Society. Thank you for providing me the opportunity to testify here today in response to this most recent attack on Planned Parenthood.    Planned Parenthood is a nearly century-old healthcare provider that plays a critical role in securing the right to health care for millions of Americans. Each year, Planned Parenthood health centers provide services such as family planning counseling and contraception, breast exams, and testing and treatment for sexually transmitted infections to 2.7 million patients. And no less than one in five women in the United States has visited a Planned Parenthood health center at least once in her lifetime.    These services help women prevent an estimated 516,000 unintended pregnancies and 217,000 abortions every year. These are services that women, men, and young people in this country desperately need and that many would go without should they lose access to Planned Parenthood's health centers.    Planned Parenthood provides services at approximately 700 health centers, located in every State in the Nation, and 54 percent of these health centers are in rural or medically underserved areas or areas with shortages in health professionals. As many experts have opined, there are simply insufficient numbers of alternative healthcare providers to absorb the patients who need care should they lose access to Planned Parenthood.    Planned Parenthood health centers are particularly crucial for poor women in this country. More than half of Planned Parenthood's 2.7 million patients each year rely on public health programs, such as Medicaid, to cover their costs. And 78 percent of Planned Parenthood's patients live with incomes of 150 percent of the Federal poverty level or less. Indeed, in 68 percent of the counties with a Planned Parenthood health center, Planned Parenthood serves at least half of all safety-net family patients.    Planned Parenthood is an integral part of the healthcare system in this country. It provides critical healthcare services to many women, particularly poor women, who might otherwise go without these services.    This most recent round of attacks on Planned Parenthood was instigated by an anti-choice organization, the Center for Medical Progress, whose members deceptively infiltrated Planned Parenthood clinics and conferences, claiming they worked for a tissue procurement company. The CMP    representatives surreptitiously and possibly illegally recorded meetings with Planned Parenthood staff and then, over the course of several months, released numerous videos of these encounters. CMP now claims the videos show that Planned Parenthood acted illegally in selling fetal tissue and violating the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act.    At the outset, regardless of the content of the videos as released by CMP, which arguably show no wrongdoing at all, those videos are unreliable and unusable as any evidence because they've been so heavily and selectively edited and CMP has not released to anyone the full, unedited versions.    In fact, Planned Parenthood hired experts to review the videos and assess their authenticity. And those experts, including Grant Fredericks, who is a contract instructor of video sciences at the FBI and one of the most experienced video experts in North America, found many deceptive edits in those videos. In many cases, CMP edited dialogue out of context in ways that substantively altered the meaning of the dialogue. In other cases, large segments of dialogue were simply omitted altogether.    There is no question that both the shorter videos and the so-called full-footage videos are selectively and intentionally edited and incomplete. As such, in the words of the expert analysis, the manipulation of the videos does mean they have no evidentiary value in a legal context and cannot be relied upon for any official inquiries.    Moreover, every jurisdiction that has conducted investigations into Planned Parenthood's activities have found no wrongdoing. As of this date, six States have completed investigations into whether Planned Parenthood violated any laws in its fetal tissue donation program. All six unanimously concluded that Planned Parenthood did not.    And, in fact, Representative Jason Chaffetz, Chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, whose Committee questioned Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards at length just last week, admitted to CNN's Wolf Blitzer, ``No, I'm not suggesting that they broke the law.''    In sum, there's absolutely no evidence here that Planned Parenthood has violated any laws.    As we all know, this is one in a long length of videos that have been used to try and undermine women's access to the full reproductive health care that they are entitled to under the law in America and have need of to ensure they can live full lives.    So I respect the Committee and thank you for inviting me here to talk about this important issue.    Ms. Fredrickson. I don't see the relevance of the video to a hearing that's supposed to be focused on Planned Parenthood itself and any allegations, unsupported as they may be, of wrongdoing. So, no, Mr. Conyers, I don't see how they relate to this hearing.    Ms. Fredrickson. Yes. The independent examination by the forensic experts found that the videos were completely unreliable because they had been so heavily edited and manipulated and that they could not be shown to prove any evidence of any type of wrongdoing.    Ms. Fredrickson. All of them found that there was no basis for any finding of any wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood, and so those investigations were dismissed.    Ms. Fredrickson. Mr. Conyers, it's true and unfortunate that when abortion was illegal in this country, women did seek abortions. And, unfortunately, those illegal abortions are dangerous and put women's lives in jeopardy, and women do, nonetheless, seek out abortions. So it is imperative that abortion remain safe and legal in this country.    Ms. Fredrickson. That has been described as actually ludicrous by people, experts in public health who say that there is no way that these health centers could fill the gap that is provided by Planned Parenthood, which is an anchor for women's health care in America and is, in fact, the leading health provider of reproductive health care for women.    Ms. Fredrickson. No. There is clearly no capacity to absorb those patients. Those patients would, unfortunately, have their needs go unmet. They would be less likely to have family planning counseling and access to contraception as well as to basic sexually transmitted disease testing and breast exams, and as a result, there would be more abortions in this country and not fewer.    Ms. Fredrickson. Mr. Conyers, poor women, low-income women in this country, women in rural areas would be the ones who would suffer most from not having access to the critical services that Planned Parenthood provides.    Ms. Fredrickson. Well, sir, I'd like to respond by saying that, as you started describing this as political theater, I would like to reiterate----    Ms. Fredrickson. Sir, ultimately, this is an attack on women's ability----    Ms. Fredrickson. Sir, I feel abortion should be safe and legal in this procedure.    Ms. Fredrickson. I am not a doctor. I can't comment on----    Ms. Fredrickson. I trust women and their doctors to determine what are the best----    Ms. Fredrickson. Mr. Nadler, yes, to your first question.    They did, indeed, make that application, and I do believe it is a fraud and illegal.    Ms. Fredrickson. Well, I think it indicates that the true agenda here is to undermine women's right to make personal decisions in consultation with her doctor and her family and exercise her constitutional rights to choose her own health care.    Ms. Fredrickson. I believe the number is about 350,000 per year.    Ms. Fredrickson. I do not know. I do not work for Planned Parenthood.    Ms. Fredrickson. I think we already have evidence that it is nearly impossible, if not impossible, to fill that gap. The example from Texas, and even in Louisiana, where they have tried to cut back on Planned Parenthood services and found that they could simply not serve the population that needed those services.    Ms. Fredrickson. With all due respect, sir, we're talking about Medicaid patients that primarily get those services. So, no, I don't think that they can be filled by the free enterprise system.    Ms. Fredrickson. Well, unfortunately, I think we would have more unintended pregnancy and ultimately, unfortunately, more abortions.    Ms. Fredrickson. Yes, it is.    Ms. Fredrickson. Yes. That provides----    Ms. Fredrickson. Under the Constitution, women have the right to make those personal decisions.    Ms. Fredrickson. Yes.    Ms. Fredrickson. Planned Parenthood is our Nation's leading provider for reproductive health care for women. They provide a critical service. One in five American women go to a Planned Parenthood clinic in their lifetime.    Ms. Fredrickson. Yes. I understand that before Roe v. Wade, many women died in back-alley abortions, and that it's a tremendous advance in this country to have safe and legal abortions available for women.    Ms. Fredrickson. From the videos, yes.    Ms. Fredrickson. So I understand that no Member of this Committee has seen the entire unedited videos, yes.    Ms. Fredrickson. Yes.    Ms. Fredrickson. Yes, I understand that is the case.    Ms. Fredrickson. No, no one has been able to substantiate any allegation of wrongdoing against Planned Parenthood, and indeed, Mr. Chaffetz has agreed that there is no wrongdoing.    Ms. Fredrickson. No, I didn't see that chart.    Ms. Fredrickson. So far, I don't believe there have been any congressional inquiries. I do believe there is a court case proceeding, however.    Ms. Fredrickson. I'm not familiar with the entire corporate structure of Planned Parenthood.    Ms. Fredrickson. Well, first of all, I don't think ``late term'' is actually a technical term, so I don't know how to respond to that. But I don't know the number of abortions that take place every day in American.    Ms. Fredrickson. I'm not here to talk about medical procedures. I'm here to talk about the law.    Ms. Fredrickson. Well, the vast majority of Planned Parenthood's services are related to reproductive health care. They provide family planning counseling and contraceptive care as well as cervical cancer tests and breast exams.    Ms. Fredrickson. Pap smears.    Ms. Fredrickson. 2.7 million women in America use the Planned Parenthood facilities every year. It's an absolutely critical part of our health care infrastructure.    Ms. Fredrickson. Public health experts say there is no way that the public health system can absorb the capacity that would be lost if Planned Parenthood was not funded.    Ms. Fredrickson. I defer to the experts as, I think, Congress should.    Ms. Fredrickson. I've named in my testimony.    Ms. Fredrickson. The American Public Health Association.    Ms. Fredrickson. Absolutely. It's a vital part of women's economic security. Women being able to control when, whether they have children has been a critical part of them being able to enter not quite into equal status in the American economy, unfortunately, but they're on their way. Women are doing better. Women are able to provide better for their families by ensuring that they have the families that they can, at the time when they want to have families or not to have children when they don't want to have children.    Ms. Fredrickson. Well, there would be many more unintended pregnancies. And, ultimately, there would be many more abortions. So the consequences of defunding Planned Parenthood would certainly lead to an increase in abortions in this country. And it would certainly undermine women's access to basic contraceptive care, which would undermine their ability to earn a living and control their own economic well-being.    Ms. Fredrickson. It's been a vital part of women being able to have independence, to be able to exercise, to determine their own fertility, to determine when and whether they have children. It allows them to enter into the workforce. It enables them to take care of the children that they have. It enables them to be treated more fairly in the workplace because they do have the choice about whether and when to have children.    Ms. Fredrickson. Well, I think the fact that already we've discussed how 1 in 5 American women, that's 20 percent of American women, in their lifetime will use Planned Parenthood services. That's an enormously large number. And 2.7 million people per year use Planned Parenthood's services. The loss of those, the ability to use a Planned Parenthood health center would be enormous.    Ms. Fredrickson. Right. The expert opinion of the American Public Health Association says that there's just not the ability to absorb that capacity, that those women would just go unserved.    Ms. Fredrickson. Yes, sir.    That's the vast majority of what Planned Parenthood does.    Ms. Fredrickson. Yes. That's correct.    Ms. Fredrickson. That's absolutely correct.