    Mr. Connolly. Here in the United States?    Mr. Connolly. Gee, Mr. Chairman, I was just about to give Mr. Chabot a big hug.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just real briefly, as a member of the committee and subcommittee and also as the co-chair of the Taiwan caucus, this is a very important hearing and events in the Strait are also very important.    We all can celebrate free and democratic elections that led to the change in government from one party to another and with the first female President of Taiwan, both welcome developments, and to watch the free transfer of power is a very powerful model in the region, one we hope will evolve and be replicated.    I agree with Mr. Chabot that the cornerstone of our relationship is the Taiwan Relations Act and the six assurances and that act includes interalia, a defensive military support posture on the part of the United States, to ensure that peace prevails in the Taiwan Straits and that whatever the evolution politically it will be a peaceful one, not any other kind of kinetic option.    So these are important hearings. Lots of changes going on including, tragically, the earthquake in Tainan and the loss of life there, and I am happy to be here and joining in these hearings.    And I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and our ranking member, Mr. Sherman, for holding them.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And let me begin by besides welcoming you, Ms. Thornton, agreeing with Chairman Royce. We need a high standard liberalized trade regime and I would add, and I know the chairman would agree, three more words--enforceable and enforced--because only then is free trade credible here at home and abroad.    But in my view, there is no question that our helping to set those high standards is far preferable to the alternative in the Trans-Pacific Region and I certainly look forward to supporting the agreement.    Taiwan, Ms. Thornton, should it be--if it asks should it be incarnated into the TPP? What is the U.S. position? Could you speak into the mic a little?    Mr. Connolly. But what I hear you saying is, given its status, the U.S. position is not to exclude its potential membership in the TPP.    Mr. Connolly. Okay. You would agree that the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979 codifies the relationship with Taiwan post recognition of China and included in that codification is a defensive military support framework, correct?    U.S. is committed to providing defensive military support, correct?    Mr. Connolly. Now, Taiwan has requested, among other items, mine sweeping capability, F-16 combat aircraft, diesel submarines and frigates, which we are providing.    How long ago did Taiwan make those defensive military requests to the United States Government?    Mr. Connolly. No, it is a matter of public record, Ms. Thornton. It is not a matter of closed anything.    When, for the record, did Taiwan ask for those--that equipment? There's nothing classified about it. Been in the newspapers. And by the way, that hearing has been cancelled so you can't--I'm not going to let you do that. I mean, I wouldn't ask you a classified question. It's not classified. Matter of public record.    Mr. Connolly. The question was when did they first request these equipment--this equipment.    Mr. Connolly. Evasive, Ms. Thornton. Did Taiwan--let's pick one. How long ago did Taiwan--because we do know this one--ask for diesel submarines?    Could the clock--Mr. Chairman, could I just ask the indulgence of the chair while apparently the witnesses have to consult?    Mr. Connolly. Thank you. Okay. Fifteen years ago. Why has it taken 15 years to adjudicate that request, one way or the other? Kind of a long time, wouldn't you think?    Mr. Connolly. Oh, well. We're all reassured, Ms. Thornton.    Well, let me just say for Members of Congress I think on both sides of the aisle it does raise questions about who's making U.S. policy and who's writing the answers to legitimate defensive military requests from the Government of Taiwan pursuant to a statute that you yourself just acknowledged does indeed undergird the relationship.    And included in that statute is a codification of our support for defensive military equipment to ensure that whatever the ultimate resolution is in the Taiwan Strait is a peaceful one and I think you--would you not agree that a 15-year wait for any answer on any item on that list seems to be an awfully long time?    Mr. Connolly. I appreciate that. But we do understand this complication but, you know, the king of Siam used to say it's a puzzlement. But 15 years--my goodness.    Okay. Final question, if I may, Mr. Chairman. What is the U.S. position with respect to Taiwan joining, being accepted into international organizations? Do we support that bid?    Mr. Connolly. Do we support Taiwan's bid to be a member of Interpol?    Mr. Connolly. Status to be determined?    Mr. Connolly. Okay. Got it. Because obviously that's one that's very practical irrespective of status and we want more cooperation.    Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the time.