    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning, director. I have noticed that the President, particularly since he issued his executive actions on November 20th, has stressed that we are doing this in order to protect the public from criminals, gang members, and he has repeated that a lot. In fact, I think we have a clip very recently where he was----    Mr. DeSantis. Well, we are having technical difficulties. But I think the quote was a very emphatic admonition that criminals, gang members, these likes, these are the folks who, when they are here illegally, they obviously need to be returned to their home country.    But it has come to our attention on the committee that law enforcement officers are being provided with mixed guidance in this regard. There is a hypothetical scenario that we have received in some of the training materials that officers use, and basically here is the scenario: John Doe entered the United States illegally in 2009. He does not have any lawful status. He is 25 years old and in State custody on a pending criminal street gang charge. When Border Patrol contacts the police department about the case, it advises the Border Patrol officer that Doe is a known gang member with gang affiliations and documented gang tattoos on his body.    He has not been convicted of this yet, so is it the case that he may not fall into priority 1(c), relating to gang members?    Mr. DeSantis. And I understand that and I trust some of these officers are very knowledgeable and have great experience, but it does conflict a little bit with what the President is saying. The President is saying if you are a gang member, you are gone. And basically what this guidance is saying is, well, if you are a gang member, if you haven't been convicted, you may be gone, but you also may not be gone. And the problem with that is that I think that allows people who would represent a danger to our society to potentially fall through the cracks.    Now, this is a little bit different than the gang situation, but we had the family member of the convenience store clerk in Arizona who was murdered by someone who was in the Country illegally, was involved with the law, was definitely a problem individual released by DHS and obviously really shattered that family's life.    So I think that what I have learned by just looking at this, and this is before you became director, when there is discretion, sometimes this is a big bureaucracy, there are so many people that are involved in this and it has been Stated on both sides of the aisle and it is true, there are way more people here illegally than we have the resources to enforce the law against.    But I just worry that if you are saying that we have zero tolerance for gang members, I think the policy should be zero tolerance. I mean, if we have that intelligence from a local law enforcement, the person is here illegally anyway, so they wouldn't even have needed to do that to be sent back under existing law, so I just wonder why we would leave it to chance. If mistakes are made, those mistakes are going to end up having the American people pay for those mistakes, potentially.    We had a fellow by the name of Jamiel Shaw in front of this committee a couple weeks ago on the subcommittee, and this was long before you were there, it was even before I think the current President was in office, but his son was an aspiring football player, was doing well in school. They lived in the LA area and he was murdered on the way back home from school by somebody who was a gang banger, had been in trouble with the law, but had been released, and there wasn't coordination between the local and the Federal authorities.    So I would just say the President's guidance needs to match his rhetoric. And if we are going to have zero tolerance for gang members, I would like to see, once we understand that, I would like to see an expeditious repatriation to that individual's home country.    My time has expired and I yield back.    Mr. DeSantis. Why was that, though, because the locals didn't want to coordinate?