    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you, Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, members of the subcommittee. I really appreciate being here on behalf of the First Respondent Network Authority. I welcome the opportunity to brief you on FirstNet's progress, and the development of deploying an interoperable nationwide public safety broadband network. It is also a pleasure to appear here today with the CIO of the State of Ohio, Stu Davis. We just recently conducted the Ohio consultation last week in Ohio, and his team has been very active not just in Ohio itself, but even within the region, in setting a great example for our country in how to make this network possible.    I would like to welcome several members of the public safety community who join us here today. This network is all about them. When we put reliable, resilient broadband technology in the hands of police officers, firefighters, emergency medical services personnel across this country, we will enhance public safety like never before. We will create new ways that first responders can save lives, and improve first responders' own safety. As this committee is aware, we are experiencing growing pains in our early days of existence, but we have worked very hard to shore up areas of weakness, and to take on as much responsibility as we can. And I am very confident that today you will find our processes and procedures in line with your expectations.    I am leading a dedicated team of professionals, who are working tirelessly to achieve both the goals that you have created for us, and the internal goals that we strive to achieve every day. Each day we work on recruiting and building the most talented team possible in order to make this program successful. Under the direction of the Chairwoman of the Board, Mrs. Sue Swinson, we have implemented a culture measured by results, while always remembering who we are working for. The network that we will deploy is public safety's network, and this is the key principle that guides our work each day.    The pace at which we are working is very high, and this leads to a demanding, but rewarding, work environment. FirstNet resembles a startup, and we have a team that has rolled up its sleeves, and is focused on consultation and/or acquisition that will result in the successful deployment of a nationwide public safety broadband network. Having a wireless startup inside of Government is a challenge that we are overcoming, and you are able to see the progress that we have made. Since the release of our strategic road map in March of 2014, we have been doing something unusual. We are actually doing what we told you we would do. We released a plan, and we are sticking to it, and we are meeting the goals that we set out to achieve.    Since we last testified before this subcommittee in November of '13, we have accomplished the following. We released 13 RFIs, which examined numerous aspects of the network. We published a statement of objectives with a comprehensive network RFI. This brought together all of the information that we had received into a single document. We conducted three public notices addressing various aspects of our enabling statute, and in April we released a special notice with draft RFP documents. We have been consulting with States and territories, and conducting an enormous amount of outreach to our stakeholders.    While we have taken great strides in the right direction, significant work remains, and we at FirstNet are committed to completing the mission that Congress has given us. One area that I believe we have improved on is engaging with our Public Safety Advisory Committee, known as the PSAC. A lot of the credit for this improvement must go to Chairwoman Swinson and the PSAC Chairman, Chief Harlin McEwan. The PSAC is actively engaged in task teams that are working on critical topics, such as priority and preemption, public safety grade, and end user devices. The 40 members of the PSAC are public safety's voice with FirstNet, and by leveraging it, we will ensure that we integrate public safety into the fabric of the network at every stage of planning and deployment.    Our consultation and outreach efforts have been impressive, but more work remains to be done. We have held consultations with 35 States to date, with a further 15 scheduled. In fact, Mr. Chairman, your home State of Oregon was one of our early consultations, and we have seen an impressive outreach in organizational structure in Oregon, and many other States. FirstNet is collaborating with States in public safety to conduct outreach and consultation, and are leveraging the State and local implementation grant program that has helped fund these important efforts throughout the country.    As we work towards the end of the year, and the planned release of the comprehensive network RFP, the consultation process continues to inform the composition of the RFP, and so it is very important that States are involved at every stage in development of the network. States have many avenues for consultation beyond our in person meetings and regular conference calls. States can have significant consultation feedback through the responses to our public notices and our draft statement of objectives. I have directed the organization to focus on these very two topics in 2015, consultation, and our acquisition of the network. These are our top priorities to meet the requirements of the act.    FirstNet currently has a number of draft RFP documents open for public comment, and we have been very encouraged by the feedback that we received up to this point from both industry, from public safety, and from States. Mr. Chairman, it is the mission, that of deploying a much needed nationwide public safety broadband system that our first responders deserve, that has me excited to come to work every morning. This is not an easy task, but it is extremely rewarding to the hard working team members of FirstNet, and we all understand the critical importance to our country of getting this right for public safety.    Mr. Kennedy. It is. I mean, we are shooting for the end of this year, but early 2016 is a very accurate estimate.    Mr. Kennedy. Currently we are still holding on to that date, and we have been responding to the questions that have been coming in. We actually released the first responses last week, and we are going to continue to respond to the questions on an ongoing basis so that those questions can be acted upon by the teams, and the States, and the public safety stakeholders, who have been submitting questions.    One of the things that we have done with the draft RFP is we have asked for feedback, and so both the questions and the responses that we hope to get by July 27, we are expecting a lot of interaction not just from vendors in industry, but also from States, and so we are excited to see the feedback that we are getting.    Mr. Kennedy. It has.    Mr. Kennedy. We are, and we have asked for, in the draft RFP documents, ways to address not just the urban and suburban areas, but rural areas, as we look at rollout. One of the things with the capacity on the network, certainly there will be more excess capacity in the more rural areas.    Mr. Kennedy. We have also been working with groups like the Rural Broadband Association, and many others, to go out and reach out to the rural carriers and rural telecom providers and make sure that they are getting involved. We have been encouraging them to respond----    Mr. Kennedy . To the draft RFP----    Mr. Kennedy . And respond with solutions. And whether that is individually, or that is as teams, or working together in regions or different parts of the country, we are absolutely encouraging them to participate.    Mr. Kennedy. Once the RFP is released, there will be certainly questions to come in on the final RFP. We will respond to those. We expect proposals to be returned after that. There is an evaluation period of those different proposals, and the ranking and rating that would normally happen with an----    Mr. Kennedy . Evaluation, and then any kind of orals, or other parts that could take part of the evaluation process. These do take some time. As you know, with large Federal procurements, we expect that this will take a significant amount of 2016 to occur, but we want to move with as much urgency for public safety as we can because we know they need this network, and we want to move into deployment.    Mr. Kennedy. Sure. The most recent request was to take a look at Federal outreach. Nothing out of the ordinary. We have been working closely with any requests that come from either the IG, or the Government Accountability Office, and we have been definitely following up with them. And we expected this to be a normal, routine cause of business as we go through deploying this network.    Mr. Kennedy. We would expect that, once the RFP is awarded, that we will move into that first phase of deployment. We currently have about 5 years of deployment that is in the plan, the way the draft RFP is scripted today, so we are expecting about a 5-year buildout, post award of the contract for the initial buildout.    Mr. Kennedy. Sure. The recapitalize model, from an opt-in and an opt-out perspective, is trying to make sure that the nationwide network, the core network itself, and the overall network will not be like a lot of past public safety projects, where we invest a large amount of Government grants and other funding into a system that cannot be maintained or upgraded----    Mr. Kennedy . Into the future. As all of you know, you are currently using phones that are leveraging 3G technology, leveraging 4G and LTE, and we are going to be leveraging advanced LTE, 5G, 6G, into the future. And so as we build this network, the goal is to make sure that we plan those costs, and that recapitalization, into the network cost, whether that is core fees related to an opt-out State, or whether that is actual user fees, and the covered leasing agreements related to opt-in States, and making sure that we have the ability to maintain and upgrade the network.    Mr. Kennedy. We are not aware of anything in particular that prompted the review itself. We believe it is a routine course of business----    Mr. Kennedy . And this was the next area that they wanted to audit, which was Federal outreach.    Mr. Kennedy. Our statute clearly calls out and requires us to promote integration of the network----    Mr. Kennedy . And we have absolutely built that into our draft RFP documents. We have leveraged it in our outreach, and we have worked very closely with the 911 community.    Mr. Kennedy. Today in the audience some of the team from APCO was here. APCO has been very much a supporter of FirstNet in making sure that we maintain this integration focus that needs to occur between next gen 911----    Mr. Kennedy . And existing 911 and public safety answering point services. We are also bringing on a 911 subject matter expert onto the FirstNet team to make sure that we are very focused in reaching out to all of the dispatch centers, and all of the communicators across the country, so that their needs are included. And they are often at our consultations and our different discussions as we go across the country. So we believe that we are working very closely with the 911 community, and that that integration will occur.    Mr. Kennedy. Sure. As somebody who did go out to that Region 5 meeting, and I brought with me my Director of Consultation, as well as Director of State Plans, the interaction was terrific. It was a nice snowy day in Chicago. We got together with all the States in Region 5. And I think what was very beneficial was the pros and cons from different States, with different geographies, and different issues, and common problems and issues as well. And I think it made for a great dialogue and discussion.    We have also been staffing up our consultation and outreach teams by region now, and we actually are leveraging the FirstNet regions, which are the same as the FEMA region. So we are leveraging that kind of regional cooperation, much like Region 5 set as a good example. So we are taking that example and leveraging it in other parts of the country.    We also did something this year that I think is even taking that to the next step, in that we held a nationwide single point of contact meeting. So--both Stu Davis, and all of the other single points of contacts from all the 50 States, and the territories, and the District of Columbia we invited to a nationwide--meeting where we all came together. Over--I think 52 of the States actually brought different team members to that meeting, and we were able to share the differences in the issues, and talk very openly in 2 full days of discussion.    I think you could kind of rate the discussion by--at 5 o'clock on the second day, everyone was still in the room, having a very fruitful discussion. We had breakout sessions where we could dive deep into elements around the RFP, or the public notices. And that kind of dialogue has been extremely helpful, I think, both for FirstNet, but also for the States, and I think that we both gained from it.    Mr. Kennedy. New Jersey and Jersey Net are currently deploying and testing their first sites this week, so the program is making terrific progress, and Fred Scalera, and the team in New Jersey, are very eager to get this project completed by September of this year. They are on track to do that. They have been working very closely with the FirstNet team as well, and sharing lessons learned as they move forward.    The project is helping drive a strong ecosystem to lessons learned across devices, looking at early devices, and ways to leverage the network, and also looking at ways to use deployables so that in events like Hurricane Sandy in the future, those deployables could be moved into an area that has been affected by a natural disaster or other event, and actually really leverage both capacity and coverage needs that may change due to those kinds of planned and unplanned events that occur.    So I do believe that the Jersey Net system is a great platform for FirstNet to learn from. I do think the team is on track to complete the project by September of this year, and that we will be getting lessons of an operational flavor as early as fall of this year, and we look forward today.    Mr. Kennedy. I think FirstNet has grown a lot from the early days. I believe that, when we started, we relied very heavily on NTIA and the Department of Commerce for a lot of key functions. As we have been able to build up our staff, we have been able to take on some of those key corporate and governance functions of the organization. We have moved things like finance entirely into the FirstNet organization, and now we are looking at key elements, like human resources, and procurement, and how that can be taken on by FirstNet in the future.    So I do believe that we are maturing, and I do think that that kind of responsibility and accountability for FirstNet is something that we are growing into, very much so.    Mr. Kennedy. FirstNet understands the special importance of reaching out to the tribal communities, many of which have an acute need for broadband deployment. We have a tribal outreach lead that is full time on FirstNet, and does nothing but interact on a regular basis with the public safety community on different tribal lands, as well as the telecommunications, and different elements of communications on the tribal lands, and what they can do to help as FirstNet deploys. We have actually created a tribal working group on the Public Safety Advisory Committee. I personally have spent time meeting with them all day, talking about the issues that are different in tribal communities that need to be supported by FirstNet as we develop the network and deploy the network.    I see a lot of desire for FirstNet to succeed on--with supporting tribal public safety. They have been very eager to work with us and help us understand their needs and desires. And I do think that our recent consultations in States like New Mexico, just recently last week, and we are looking at specific tribal needs as we go through State-by-State consultations, really is a great opportunity for us to make sure that we get it right.    Mr. Kennedy. We have been looking at deployables not just for rural deployments, where it may not be cost-effective to have terrestrial elements, we want to have as much terrestrial in rural areas as well, but also from the capacity and the reconstitution of a network. There are special events that occur, large gatherings, you, you know, Super Bowls, large sporting events, other things that would require an additional capacity in certain areas where deployables can be effectively----    Mr. Kennedy. Absolutely. The----    Mr. Kennedy. The temperature of Super Bowls in New Jersey in that time of year can be a little cold at some times----    Mr. Kennedy . Just wanted to throw that out. The need for reconstituting a network after a natural disaster, though, is an excellent opportunity for deployables, where we can have deployables that are moved out of the way of a particular disaster, if we have warning, and can move them back in to make sure that public safety can communicate immediately after a major event. It also is supportive of terrorist events, or other events that may take out existing infrastructure, critical infrastructure.    Lastly, there are many parts, as you mentioned, of the United States that are very rural, and it may make more sense to have deployable assets leveraging satellite backhaul, and other elements, to get to parts of the United States that are very difficult to get to. When I was a first responder, I was a police officer and a firefighter in very rural parts of Utah. I went to places that were not covered by cellular networks or land mobile radio networks, in many cases. So, having that ability to get communications much deeper into our rural communities for public safety is absolutely critical.    Mr. Kennedy. We have actually had a terrific, I think, conversation with both public safety, the States, and industry on the definition of public safety entity. It was in both our first public notice, and our follow-up third public notice. We saw overwhelming support from the States. Many States, including Ohio, mentioned the elements related to leveraging a broad user base to support the network that public safety needs to have access to. But, most importantly, that user base is somebody that needs to be contacted by the incident commander during big incidents.    And if we look at emergencies that occur, everyone understands that police, fire, and emergency medical services are part of our everyday public safety response. But also there are others, whether it is a utility worker, or whether it is to access some key transportation support on a major accident scene on an interstate highway. You may have other users that are in contact with public safety every day, supporting public safety operations, and, most importantly, needing to be prioritized by an incident commander to be spoken to during those large emergencies, when networks get congested.    And so we have tried to be very clear on making sure that we get input from States on who should be on the network, and we have received a lot of input on that issue. We have not issued our final recommendation for the outer guardrails of that public safety entity definition, but I think with the tremendous amount of input that we have received, it has helped us build a broad definition that will cover what needs to occur, and also be prudent in acting with the act.    Mr. Kennedy. Sure. In general, our market research has shown that there are about four million public safety traditional users that would want to engage on the network, if they were given that opportunity, and so we look at that as an addressable market. It is about four million police, fire, and emergency medical services personnel. The nine million, or up to 13 million, number comes from those other types of users we just described, so Department of Transportation officials that may be supporting that. They may be buses or transportation that moves folks during an evacuation. That is commonly needed when you have a hurricane coming into an area, or you are evacuating a hospital, or a nursing home, or other large facilities that you might need to evacuate during an actual emergency. Having that kind of broader public safety first responder community that can support that is important, and so that is where that other nine million comes from.    Mr. Kennedy. So to your 911 public safety answering point--question specifically, I absolutely believe that the integration both with the existing public safety answering points, and those that are upgrading to next gen 911, is a key part of what we are doing, and that integration will leverage those investments that have already been made.    When it comes to using voice capability with land mobile radio, and using voice, video, and data related to LTE and broadband technology, I believe they are complimentary, and I believe that the land mobile radio systems that agencies have today should be--continue to be maintained, and those systems are very valuable to public safety. It is what I have used in my career. It is a very valuable tool to public safety. I do think that broadband will bring a richness of applications, and the ability to have not just interoperable voice communications, but interoperable data communications. I am able to share more information across police, fire, and emergency medical services.    So I believe that they are complimentary to each other, and that the richness that you can get in a broadband environment will add to saving lives in different ways than we do today by being able to share video, and sharing data much quicker, and in ways that, in some cases, we haven't even thought of the amazing applications that will be supporting our police officers, our firefighters, and our paramedics.    Mr. Kennedy. Volunteers are absolutely critical in public safety. You can go to almost any State in this country, and volunteers are a backbone of what occurs in public safety. There are volunteer firefighters and EMTs across this country who serve big communities and small communities. There are communities in New York that are quite large that are served by volunteers every single day, and so they are a part of this network. They are a key component that are going to leverage this network. When we go out and do consultations, we are consulting with paid professional services, we are consulting with volunteer professional services, and we are making sure that they are at the table, and invited, and part of those conversations.    One of the biggest things we hear is they want to make sure that they are able to buy service, and we have made sure in our definitions that volunteers are clearly called out as being able to buy service, and be a part of that. And so we think they are a critical component, and will greatly benefit from having costed--affordable devices that they can get their hands on, not just for voice communications, but also for applications and other uses as well.    Mr. Kennedy. Cyber is an absolutely critical element for us in--at FirstNet, and--with public safety. And we are trying to, and we have the unique opportunity, as we develop a network that is going to be deployed, that we can start from the beginning and bake in security from day one. We brought on a security architect, who is now part of our team, who is focused on this. He has been leveraging the Department of Homeland Security and other key agencies that have a number of cyber efforts that are already underway.    We are not reinventing the wheel. We are leveraging a lot of the best practices that are in place, both in the private sector and in Government today. But we want to make sure that the unique environment of a number of networks that have typically been stove-piped are separate, that when you bring them together it is going to be absolutely critical that, when we have all these different agencies that are leveraging this network, that--not just cyber security, but also identity and access management will be a critical component of what we do. And it is going to be unique, because we have folks at the local level, we have folks at the State level, and folks at the Federal level who will be leveraging the network.    Mr. Kennedy. The anticipated timeline would be late in 2016 to early in 2017 timeframe, when they would be presented with a State plan. It is at the presentation of a State plan when a State Governor then would have the opportunity to opt in to the network, or to take on that responsibility for themselves to deploy the radio access network in their State.    Mr. Kennedy. Our plan is to do a very a detailed RFP process that will produce the kinds of information that outlay the costs and the expected offsetting revenues that can support the network, and to drive all that information, in addition to things such as coverage objectives, into a State plan. It is that State plan that is that document that provides the information that will give them the ability to make that as an informed decision.    And, as part of the consultation efforts that are now started and ongoing, we expect ongoing conversations over the next 18 months on exactly these topics----    Mr. Kennedy . And to discuss them, and to share information in a two-way dialogue, so that when that State planning gets to the desk of a Governor, it should not be the first time that they are hearing about it.    Mr. Kennedy. Many folks, just like Mr. Davis here, as a CIO, have been very actively involved for exactly this reason, in addition to wanting to see the importance of this network, but they have a job to inform their Governors. They have a job to make sure that they are watching this closely, and they are participating.    One of the things that I have seen is the more that folks are participating, the more informed they are, and the more that we can share and have that kind of informed dialogue, and I think that is absolutely critical. Having CIOs, State public safety commissioners, and also local police, fire, and EMS leadership, in addition to the Governors themselves, you know, learning and getting involved with FirstNet is one of the best ways to understand that key decision to opt into the FirstNet deployment of the network, or to take on that responsibility to deploy it themselves in the State for the radio access network.    Mr. Kennedy. This is a complex topic, in that there are revenues that could come from spectrum management lease agreements, both to FirstNet, but also for supporting that kind of deployment. But one of the things that we have explored in our second notice is exactly how this mechanism will work, and we are still digesting the comments that we have recently received on that, so there is more to come on that in the future.    Mr. Kennedy. From our perspective, we have overwhelmingly heard that from States as well, and our current definition would allow them to do that. Our current definition would allow the incident commander to have access to all those type of entities that would allow them to communicate and handle that scene, no matter how large or small that it is. Our third notice was very much focused on that, and our third notice just closed last week. As we digest those comments that came in from States and from others, we will come out with a final determination, but our goal was to be very responsive to those requests that have come in from the States.    Mr. Kennedy. There are a couple elements to this. We are aware of the concerns of those public safety jurisdictions using T band spectrum today, and the T band relocations provisions that are part of the act. It is the FCC, however, that is in charge of that T band relocation, and it would be better for them to answer specific questions about timing and so forth related to that effort.    FirstNet, we have been very focused on working with the international standards community, the 3GPP community, Third Generation Partnership Project, that is focused on making sure that we have a standards-based approach that goes to putting mission critical voice in the future on our network. At deployment of the network, we are looking at having non-mission critical voice, or what you would look at as cellular-type communications, or over the top communications, on broadband, and plan to offer that as part of the initial deployment.    But when it comes to mission critical voice communications, we are really looking at leveraging those international standards to make sure that we only go to those key seven functions that are part of the mission critical voice standards that are being done right now, and that they are implemented not just in the standards bodies, but that they are being utilized, and that public safety builds a trust up that those standards are ready for them. And public safety will decide when they are comfortable with mission critical voice on broadband in the future.    So that is happening. The standards bodies are working to have that initial standard done by mid-2016. It will take some time for that technology to get into the actual technology ecosystem. And there are some other countries around the world that are actually looking at moving to mission critical voice sooner than the United States that will be doing some testing. But, for us, we want to make sure that public safety is confident in both the technology, and in the standards, and that they have been rolled out, and that they are using the network for other purposes first.    Mr. Kennedy. Roaming is certainly something that was envisioned in the act, and we are allowed to enter into roaming agreements, but we are also looking at leveraging rural buildout milestones, and making sure that we have rural buildout at every phase of deployment of the network. So we are looking at both the deployment that needs to occur, but also looking at, when we get to a final RFP, what kind of efforts can be leveraged for roaming that is cost-effective that can be added to the network as part of that solution as we go forward.    Mr. Kennedy. As far as building the network right now, we proposed in the draft RFP that 20 percent of the rural buildout milestones would be covered in each phase, which would be a year. So 20 percent in year 1, 40 percent in year 2, 60 percent in year 3, and so on. And so we believe that that will allow for ongoing rural buildout at each phase, rather than saying it is all just waiting to the end, which is one of the concerns that we have heard.    So we have tried to be very clear to proposers who are looking at bidding on the network that rural buildout is very important to us. We are also trying to encourage rural telecommunication to--telecommunication firms to be a part of those solutions, and to bid on the network, and be a part of bringing solutions to the table that will allow that rural deployment to occur.    Mr. Kennedy. One of the things in the act is that it requires us to look at the economic desirability of anyone proposing to bid on the network, and look at the different approaches to both, you know, leveraging different types of infrastructure, rural telecommunications infrastructure, existing Government infrastructure, commercial infrastructure. And so we are going to look at what is most cost effective to deploy the network, and also to have sustainability on the network.    As part of those offers, they actually have to bring to the table what kinds of revenues would they bring to the table to offset the costs of public safety in both deploying, maintaining, and operating the network. And so it is important for us to look at the greater good of public safety, and how they would be served by those covered leasing agreements, or those agreements by potential partners or offers to leverage the network, whether that is in rural areas or in urban areas.    Mr. Kennedy. It is urban and rural. And--so just like I mentioned earlier, we want to have those rural buildout milestones at each phase, so certainly urban areas will get built out. Your largest number of population and public safety providers, public safety entities, are actually in the more populated areas. But we also see that going to the rural area, so we want to make sure that those rural buildout milestones help drive that as an incentive to make sure that rural was built out at each phase.    Mr. Kennedy. I believe that FirstNet will start providing service as soon as we start to deploy the network, and States and areas are actually built out, and up and tested, and on the network. Currently we see the network starting to be awarded, as far as deployment, in 2017, and so you will see it probably--in the year after that that you will start seeing deployment of the network, and actually being up and operating in different areas.    Mr. Kennedy. I think parts of the network will be up in 2018, and it will continue to deploy on a regular basis. One thing with wireless networks is they are ongoing deployments, and so we have the initial deployment, which we are talking about a 5-year buildout of that deployment, from 2017 through 2022, but we also believe that the overall network will continue to grow after that, but there will be additional coverage that is added. There is additional capacity that is added. It is not a static network. So every part of the country that even has initial deployment will continue add to that deployment as time goes on.    Mr. Kennedy. I can. We actually met with NIST last week. One of the things that we have right now--every June is a public safety communications research conference, and that conference is done with NIST and the public safety communications research lab at NIST. And it was held just last week, and literally over 500 key stakeholders came together to talk about the technical aspects, and the different research and development aspects of not just the public safety network, but public safety communications in general.    We actually sat down with the NIST team and started to consult and discuss on that grant program regular ongoing communications with both the NIST director and Dereck Orr, who was the Program Director of the PSCR labs. I believe we worked hand in glove with them, and that the team at NIST is very focused on bringing solutions to----    Mr. Kennedy . Public safety on the LTE----    Mr. Kennedy. Right now in Colorado we are asking them to start performing data collection, and I know that they are doing that. Brian Shepherd, who is the single point of contact on the Colorado team, has been sending out communication to the public safety community in Colorado, and currently their data collection is due September 30, and so they are working to gather that data on different public safety users, where are they located throughout the State, what kinds of 911 calls do they have, where do they need to respond to? And so that is the current activity that they are working on.    Once that data is received, we plan to go back out and meet with States to validate that data and discuss what that data is telling us to become part of the State plan. And so that is what is going to----    Mr. Kennedy. In the fall would probably be the follow-up to that, after September----    Mr. Kennedy . 30.    Mr. Kennedy. Well, the good news is we have already been learning lessons from that project, and we look forward to the ongoing lessons now that the network is operations. They are one of two networks that are already operational.    Mr. Kennedy. There are users who are on the network today, and they are looking to add a lot more users to the network. As those users come on board, we are going to be looking at network management of that particular network, how those users interact, and really look for key use cases for the benefits of broadband for public safety, and how we can leverage that across the country with a nationwide public safety network.    Mr. Kennedy. We have been really trying to outreach to the rural carriers themselves. We have been working with the different associations, whether it is the rural broadband association, whether it s NRTC, many of the other different groups that support rural telecommunications across the country. We have been engaging them early on. We have been encouraging them to participate in our draft RFP that is out right now, as well as our public notices, so that they can share with FirstNet what their needs and desires are.    Part of releasing a draft RFP, which is not required----    Mr. Kennedy . Was to get that kind of feedback, both from States, but also from industry, and industry includes the rural telecommunications----    Mr. Kennedy . Providers.    Mr. Kennedy. And we want them to come forward with solutions that will help make it cost-effective to build out further into rural areas that will make the operation to sustainability of FirstNet a success, because that is a requirement of the act, and to make sure that, as we look at things like rural buildout milestones. That is one of the things that we are looking for comments on, and we expect to receive comments on that. We think it is really important. We have asked for a definition of rural, set of----    Mr. Kennedy . Comments in a public notice. Lots of communication from the rural community on that as well. So I think that we have heavily engaged both public safety entities that are in rural----    Mr. Kennedy . Areas, as well as the rural telecommunication entities, to be a part of making this network a success. We think that, whether it is teaming, whether it is bringing folks together, whether it is coming up with unique and innovative business models that will support that, that we have looked at different ways that we can, and are----    Mr. Kennedy . Continuing to get input on that. We actually have, as part of our RFP, have laid out ways that people can put themselves forward to team with others so that different parts can get together and make sure that they can be a viable entity to bid on different parts of the network, and be a part of the solution.    Mr. Kennedy. To my knowledge right now, from CIO Darryl Ackley, who is leading the New Mexico team, and his staff, Jackie Miller and others, who are working on that BTOP project, they are on track to meeting their September 30 deadline. I know there is a lot of work to be done, and they are working hard to make that happen.    We know that they have been collaborating to get those sites on board, and they have also had a significant part of that project that was already deployed for microwave backhaul, and other elements that are the backbone of that system. So we are really looking forward to additional lessons learned coming out of the State of New Mexico. You have some unique issues with the border that we are also learning to get some key learnings out of, and so really excited, and looking forward to that project coming online.    Mr. Kennedy. I think there are two things. One, certainly challenges related to spectrum on the border. Mexico is looking at different ways to deploy broadband for their Government needs, including public safety, than the United States, as far as their band plan. There have been some very positive announcements on the northern border that Canada is actually matched up with our same exact spectrum that we are utilizing for the FirstNet network for their public safety first responders, so we are in much better shape there, as far as dealing with those issues. So that is an issue that is ongoing when you get on the border.    I will say that there has been collaboration and cooperation on sites near the border with the Federal Government, and Federal law enforcement agencies that work on the border with the State of New Mexico. And I think, working through some of that, that key early engagement and discussions has been very positive both for those Federal law enforcement agencies, and for the State of New Mexico, and the lessons learned from that engagement hopefully can be applied to other parts of the border in New Mexico, as well as other parts of the southern border in the country. So that kind of relationship building, and discussions, and working through the details to get sites online I think will be very beneficial to this project.    Mr. Kennedy. Sure. I mean, as somebody who has been a State trooper in Utah, and understands some of the rural geography that you have in New Mexico, and has traveled to New Mexico, I think it is really important that we understand that there are many areas that are very difficult to communicate with today, and the needs are critical for public safety to have additional communication avenues, both in land mobile radio, and in cellular and LTE communications.    I think that the kinds of things we are looking at in different communities in New Mexico today with the initial buildout will be helpful, but because your geography and terrain is so varied, I think that, you know, all the different things that we need to bring forward for options and solutions to serve very rural areas are going to be critical for New Mexico, and all the rural States.    And I think as we move forward, finding unique solutions that can leverage very long ways of dealing in rural areas, we are looking at boomer sites as one of the unique elements that we have that can cover large areas with a stronger cell site that can do that. We are looking at high powered mobile devices. We are looking at satellite backhaul in some areas, and deployable units. So many different ways to try to serve rural communities, all of which I think will be important for New Mexico, and many States that have the same kind of terrain.    Mr. Kennedy. Sure. I think the establishment of that tribal working group has been very successful. Early in in FirstNet's existence, Chairman Ginn appointed Kevin McGuinness, one of our Board members, to be the tribal liaison from the Board. Kevin has been actively involved in making sure that tribal communities are involved every step of the way with FirstNet. We have gone so far as even making sure that we reach out--we recently had some public notices, and actually sent notices to all of the recognized tribes to make sure that they give us input, and we have received input from tribal communities as part of that. And so we are looking forward to continuing to try to have that involvement.    When I talked earlier about the 56 State SPOC meeting, where we got all the single points of contact together, we actually invited the tribal working group to that meeting as well, and we had sessions where the tribal working group met with States. These breakout sessions had 15 or 20 States in there, and talked about issues that affect tribal communities related to public safety broadband, and shared their concerns, and how to get each side to be more involved with each other. So I think we have done a great job of trying to bring them together, but there is a lot more to do as we continue to develop and deploy the network.    Mr. Kennedy. So, first of all, we put together that--an evaluation plan to incorporate those lessons learned. We have received many lessons learned from each of these projects, including Harris County. We most recently even had the Harris County team up to our Reston headquarters here in Northern Virginia, meeting with both our technical team and our RFP team, and sharing those lessons that they have learned so far to make sure that they are incorporated both into our acquisition, and into our overall plans and procedures, and development of the network.    Mayor Parker, who is the Mayor of Houston, is on our Board. Our Board is made up of an amazing group of talented individuals both from the wireless and telecommunications industry, also from State and local government, and from public safety, police, fire, emergency medical services, and sheriff's departments. That Board, including Mayor Parker, are giving us advice on the deployment of this network, and how critical this is. And we know she has been quite busy, as well as all the officials in Texas that have been dealing with your recent flooding, and the ongoing issues that are affecting you there.    We think that is an absolutely perfect reason why we need to deploy this network and move very quickly, and with focus, to have consultation so that we can take in these lessons learned to work through the acquisition as the act requires us to so that we can deploy this network as quickly as possible for public safety.    Mr. Kennedy. As far as big problems, I don't think there has necessarily been unforeseen major issues, but there have been things that we were worried about that have come true. So, as a good example, the intricacies in working through memorandums of agreement, and understanding to get sites, and access to sites that are Government sites to help build the network, very time consuming, can be political at times, and take a lot of time and effort to put some of those in place. And so that is just one example of more than 60 lessons learned that we have from these early builder projects so far. We continue to incorporate those in our development. I think the time that it takes to consult and work through acquisition takes time, but we are working through that as quickly as we can.    Mr. Kennedy. There are. We have asked for actual use cases and lessons learned that are real world use cases that are coming out of these projects. Many of them are not live and on the air yet today. Harris County and AdCom are two that are, but they have a small number of users, in some cases, that are on the network today. And as they continue to add users, I suspect we will have more lifesaving examples that we can bring forward.    These projects were funded through the Broadband Technology Opportunities Program pre-FirstNet, but because they are leveraging the FirstNet spectrum, it is something that we are going to be able to get those kind of use cases, and be able to share them with public safety across the country.    Mr. Kennedy. When we have been out talking to a lot of volunteer firefighters and EMS personnel, most of them carry a personal smartphone today, or cell phone today, if they have coverage. To your point, there are still some areas without coverage, but let us assume they are in an area that has coverage.    Mr. Kennedy. OK. So, as part of the----    Mr. Kennedy. And the really----    Mr. Kennedy. If you are in a rural county, we want you to participate in the New York State consultation process. We want you to be a part of that consultation process, get your needs on the table for the New York State plan. As we talked about a little bit earlier in the hearing today, our goal is to work with New York State to bring forward a plan for New York State that has coverage objectives, that has data coming back from our request for proposal process on cost, and deployment, and coverage, and those kind of key elements that will come to the table.    And every State has a different set of issues. We heard from New Mexico and border issues. You have border issues in New York State as well, but different issues on the northern border and the southern border. So we want all those to be captured as part of that plan. And then coming forward to them is they will have the opportunity to buy service, if it meets their needs. So, for the average volunteer fire chief in your communities, if we provide the coverage at the cost that they are willing to pay for, they can do that. And if we don't----    Mr. Kennedy . Then we have----    Mr. Kennedy . Not met their needs.    Mr. Kennedy. I think you should look at it as an opportunity that FirstNet will have to provide the kinds of services at a cost that can be afforded in those rural counties, and that we can expand coverage that will give them coverage that they don't have today, and try to meet those needs that they would want to partake in the service. We will be judged on whether or not we provide that kind of service and meet their needs.    One of the things I think that is very important, and you mentioned this, is we will be building an operable system that will be interoperable between all those different agencies from the very beginning. Doesn't matter at what level they are, doesn't matter if it is police, fire, emergency medical services, emergency management, transportation, and that will be--the opportunity will be to partake in a system that has those abilities.    Mr. Kennedy. I think right now we are planning a 5-year deployment that will start when the RFP is awarded in early----    Mr. Kennedy. You have two different types of systems, land mobile radio and LTE. They are not exactly the same, and so it would not necessarily a replace. It is maintain the existing radio networks that you have now, and leverage broadband as it comes forward. As public safety builds trust in that network, they will leverage and----    Mr. Kennedy . Utilize----    Mr. Kennedy. This is a complex funding mechanism to make this work, but I do believe Congress has come up with a very unique model that is doable. We have three major funding sources, the $7 billion in construction funding that you discussed, leveraging the excess capacity on the 700 megahertz spectrum that is part of the network, which is absolutely critical. One of the elements in the act was called covered leasing agreements, which allows us to lease that excess capacity to be able to leverage that funding both in deployment and maintenance and operations of the network.    Mr. Kennedy. As part of the RFP process, that is allowed to be leased to commercial users, who can go ahead and then resale that network to consumers, which we are not allowed to do as part of the network. That resale, or that covered leasing agreement, the way it works in there is a much larger portion of the funding than the $7 billion portion. Those two elements, along with fees, user fees, for the most part, core network fees, those are the three elements that will come together to make this a successful network.    Also, we are going to have to provide a network to public safety that meets their needs. We are going to have to meet the key objectives of public safety for reliability, for resilience, and providing devices, both commercial devices and hardened devices, that will meet their needs. One of the things we have seen in the commercial networks today is that they have a larger variety of devices that can met the needs for both voice, video, and data, and we believe that that rich ecosystem, on a nationwide scale, with millions of users that can come forward and create devices that are cost effective, will be able to bring down those prices that the Ranking Member mentioned earlier to very affordable prices for devices both for vehicles and for individuals.    Mr. Kennedy. I think very similar to my earlier comments, that we are planning on building a recapitalized network that can be upgraded and maintained into the future. Part of the reason we have been so focused on the 3GPP standards, and sticking with international commercial standards for building this network is that we will continue to upgrade and maintain the network for those new standards as we move to 5G and 6G in the future.