    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Attorney General Lynch, on February 2, 2014, Kate Duval, chief counsel to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, learned that Ms. Lois Lerner's hard drive had crashed and they didn't have all her e-mails. Mr. Koskinen and the IRS waited until June of that year, June of 2014, to tell Congress.    In that 4-month time period between when they learned that her hard drive had crashed and they didn't have all her e-mails and June when they told us, in that 4-month time period Mr. Koskinen testified twice in front of Congress and did not disclose the fact that they knew her hard drive had crashed.    One month later, after they learned her hard drive had crashed, in March of 2014, March 4 of 2014, the IRS destroys 422 backup tapes. Just so you understand the fact pattern, they know on February 2 Lois Lerner's hard drive has crashed, they don't have all her e-mails. Thirty days later they destroy 422 backup tapes. And they destroy those 422 backup tapes with three preservation orders in place. In fact, one of those preservation orders came from the Justice Department.    Ten months before that, you had told them, hey, preserve all the documents, preserve all the e-mails, we've got an investigation going on. There were two other preservation orders as well. So three preservation orders and two subpoenas.    Now, that sure looks likes John Koskinen and the Internal Revenue Service concealed information and destroyed information. But just last month you guys sent us a letter telling us you're not going to prosecute anyone in the IRS targeting scandal. And you specifically say in that letter: Our investigation revealed no evidence to deliberately conceal or destroy information.    So here's what I can't figure out. They learn on February 2, 2014, that Lois Lerner's hard drive had crashed and they don't have all her e-mails. Thirty days later, with three preservation orders and two subpoenas in place, they destroy the backup tapes. So if that's not evidence of deliberately concealing and destroying information, what is it?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Congressman.    With respect to the matter that you've raised, as we set forth in our letter, we did review the issues surrounding Ms. Lerner's e-mails and the backup tapes. As with every criminal investigation, we are looking for evidence of criminal intent and we are looking for evidence of the specific reasons for why the actions that you note----    Mr. Jordan. How many times do you have direct evidence of intent in any type of other fraud investigation? I mean, you weren't going to get--what were you looking for, an e-mail where John Koskinen sends an e-mail to the guys in the tape room and he says destroy the tapes?    You had three preservation orders, one of them came from the Justice Department, they knew there were problems with the hard drive and that they didn't have all her e-mails, and 30 days after that they destroy 422 backup tapes. That's not enough to take it to a grand jury?    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly, Congressman, it certainly was a matter that was under review, and as we have outlined in our letter, the findings of that review.    Mr. Jordan. If it wasn't deliberate intent to destroy and conceal, what was it?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, as we've outlined in our letter, the findings that we had based on those actions.    Mr. Jordan. Here's what you said in your letter: ``The Justice Department's investigation uncovered substantial evidence of mismanagement and poor judgment.'' What I just described, was that evidence of mismanagement by John Koskinen?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, I'm not going to attribute it to just one individual, because I believe that certainly there would be others that would have been----    Mr. Jordan. Was it evidence of poor judgment when Mr. Koskinen's chief counsel knew that Lerner's hard drive had crashed, he comes and testifies in front of Congress and doesn't tell us that and waits 4 months to tell us? Was that evidence of poor judgment?    Attorney General Lynch. I can't speak to what was in his mind when he testified before you. What I can speak to is the information that we've provided to this Committee outlining the steps that were taken in the Department of Justice investigation----    Mr. Jordan. What was is it going to take?    Attorney General Lynch . And the conclusions that were drawn. As we've indicated----    Mr. Jordan. Here's what the American people want to know, Attorney General: What was it going to take before you would take this to a grand jury? Would Mr. Koskinen, would he have had to wait 5 months before he told us, 6 months before he told us, 8 months before he told us? Would they have had to destroy 423 backup tapes, 450 backup tapes? Would they have to destroy every single backup? Would they have to destroy more evidence? What was it going to take before you were going to take this to a grand jury with three preservation orders in place, two subpoenas in place, they have knowledge that there's problems with their hard drives, that they don't have all their e-mails, and they destroy the backup tapes? I mean, if that fact pattern doesn't warrant going to a grand jury and prosecuting, tell me what would.    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly, Congressman, that fact pattern was part of the investigation, as were a number of other facts in there. And as we outlined in our letter, we outlined not only the investigative steps that were taken, but the conclusions that we drew from them.    Mr. Jordan. So who are you referring to when you say substantial evidence of mismanagement and poor judgment? Who? It seams to me the guy at the top is the guy responsible. So are you saying Mr. Koskinen had substantial evidence of mismanagement when he didn't inform Congress and when he destroyed 422 backup tapes? Is that substantial evidence of mismanagement on the part of John Koskinen?    Attorney General Lynch. I'm not going to attribute it to a specific individual.    Mr. Jordan. Who would you attribute it to? Someone's got to be responsible, because--let me ask you one last question if I could, Mr. Chairman. So you sent a preservation order to the IRS in May of 2013. March of 2014 they destroy 422 backup tapes. Now, if a private citizen gets an audit notice from the IRS and then 10 months later they destroy the evidence, are they going to be prosecuted?    Attorney General Lynch. It would depend upon the evidence of intent and why they----    Mr. Jordan. Really? I bet the average American says of course they're going to be prosecuted. And yet, you guys with that fact pattern wouldn't take it to a grand jury. Who mismanaged what? That's the question I want answered. Who's responsible? Someone has to be.    Attorney General Lynch. I think we have outlined in our letter the findings of this investigation.    Mr. Jordan. No, you haven't. You said some. I want to know if it's Mr. Koskinen, the guy at the top, the guy who runs the IRS, the guy who was presiding over the IRS when we destroyed the 422 backup tapes. Is he responsible?    Attorney General Lynch. As we've indicated in our letter, there was substantial mismanagement. As we've outlined when we indicated we would provide this information to the Committee, we're also happy to provide a briefing to the Committee on other questions that you may have about this matter.    Mr. Jordan. Thank you.