    Dr. Ostroff. Thank you.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, thank you so very much, Chairman Aderholt and Ranking Member Farr and other Members of the committee.    As you know, for almost all of the past year since our last budget hearing in March of 2015, I have served as Acting Commissioner of the Food and Drug administration, and I can tell you I was also very happy at the confirmation of Dr. Califf yesterday, as you mentioned, as the Commissioner of Food and Drugs.    I have had the pleasure to work with Rob for the past year and think his selection is really quite an inspired choice, and I am thrilled with the bipartisan show of support for him and for the agency, and I very much look forward to handing over the baton to him in the not too distant future.    So this particular testimony and hearing will likely be one of my last acts as the Acting Commissioner, and I would very much like to thank you for giving me the opportunity appear before you today to discuss the President's fiscal year 2017 budget request for FDA.    Words cannot express how extremely proud and grateful I am to have had the distinct honor of being here today to represent the thousands of talented and dedicated men and women at FDA and the tremendous work that they do. This work occurs day in and day out in service to the health and wellbeing of the American people. It is an exceptional group of people, including the other FDA leadership that is sitting behind me.    I would also like to very much thank the subcommittee for its past support of FDA, most recently through our fiscal year 2016 appropriation, which is so very helpful in meeting the demands of our increasingly complex and diverse mission at home and abroad.    Your commitment recognizes and reaffirms FDA's critical and dynamic role in protecting and promoting the public health by ensuring that the food we eat is safe and nutritious, our medical products are safe and effective, and that we can reduce the harms associated with tobacco. Our mutual goal is that every American has full confidence in the products that we regulate and our ability to respond to new responsibilities, new challenges, new science and new opportunities both at home and abroad.    After all, there are few other federal agencies, as you mentioned, that touch the lives of Americans every day to the degree that FDA's do. It is a great responsibility and it is one that we take very seriously and we never forget.    Our accomplishments over the past year have been as substantial and as impactful as at any other time in FDA's recent history. My written testimony includes a number of examples of our achievements across the range of the products that we regulate, and I cannot possibly cover them all in my oral statement.    Suffice it to say that we have continued without missing a step to make a substantial and positive difference in the lives of those that we serve, even during a period of transition in the leadership of the agency.    Among the accomplishments that I will highlight is that we had another banner year in the approval of new drugs and biologics for therapeutic indications that range from the rarest diseases to the most common diseases to the most severe diseases. Some of these drugs have absolutely transformed the way that these diseases are treated and provide options that were not previously available to those who had little to no hope of having their diseases addressed.    We accomplished this by being able to take advantage of innovations in the regulatory process that allow us to get these therapies to patients in America faster than any of our regulatory counterparts, and we accomplish that without sacrificing our high standards that sponsors be required to demonstrate safety and efficacy of the products that we review and approve.    Last year we also approved the first biosimilar in the agency's history. We continue to take action to identify and protect the public from poor quality compounded drugs. We have taken major steps to address the growing problem of antibiotic resistance in human and agricultural settings, and last year we brought all uses of antibiotics in food animals under the supervision of veterinarians, and at the end of this year growth promotion indications will be voluntarily removed from the labels of all medically important antibiotics used in veterinary medicine.    In the last year, we made major contributions to the response to international health threats like Ebola in West Africa, and today we are working very diligently with our federal partners and outside stakeholders to address the recently recognized threat from the mosquito transmitted Zika virus.    And in recognition of the growing consequences of the opioid epidemic, a problem which has touched the lives of far too many families and affects nearly every community in this country, we recently completed a comprehensive review of FDA's activities and announced a far-reaching action plan to ensure that the way we review, approve and oversee these drugs contributes to ending this crisis.    It is a plan that focuses on actions that can help us positively impact the epidemic while still providing patients in pain access to effective relief.    It includes such actions as considering ways to widen access to antidotes to treat overdose; encouraging development of better products with abuse deterrent characteristics, including generics; strengthening and expanding warnings; expanding input through wider use of advisory committees and tapping the expertise of the National Academy of Sciences; requiring additional studies by manufacturers of opioids to fill very critical scientific gaps in our understanding of these products; considering expansion of the REMS for this class; and encouraging development of innovative medication assisted treatment for dependents.    It also includes working with and supporting partners inside and outside of government to assure a multi-pronged approach to this problem.    FDA's budget in support of our responsibilities remains a bargain for every American taxpayer. While the products that we regulate account for more than 20 percent of every U.S. consumer dollar, individual Americans pay only two cents per day to support our oversight and ensure that these products work as they are supposed to and are safe.    It is a small price for lifesaving medicines and for medical devices, for confidence in medical products that are relied on daily, and for a food supply that is among the most diverse and safest in the world.    FDA's 2017 budget request was constructed to ensure that we maintain this level of success while recognizing the tough fiscal environment by focusing targeted increases on the most urgent needs. The total budget request for fiscal year 2017 is $5.1 billion, which represents an overall increase of eight percent, or $358.3 million, compared to the fiscal year 2016 enacted level.    This includes $2.7 billion for budget authority, a very modest increase of one-half of one percent, or $14.6 million, compared to the fiscal year 2017 enacted level; $2.3 billion in user fees, an increase of 12 percent, or $268.7 million compared to the fiscal year 2016 enacted level; and $75 million in new mandatory funding to support the White House Moon Shot to Cure Cancer Initiative.    The biggest area of increase, as it was in 2016, is in food safety, specifically continued support to implementing the Food Safety Modernization Act, or FSMA. The fiscal year 2017 budget requests an increase of $211.6 million above the fiscal year 2016 enacted. This includes an increase of one percent, or $18.4 million in budget authority, compared to fiscal year 2016, and an increase of $193.2 million in user fees compared to the fiscal year 2016 enacted.    Within the overall food safety budget there will be $25.3 million in new funds to improve food and feed safety through the continued implementation of FSMA.    Congress enacted FSMA to recognize the very significant changes that have occurred over the years in the food supply, including its globalization and the changing nature of food borne disease threats themselves. FSMA quite simply fundamentally transforms our approach to food safety from a reactive system to one that recognizes that food borne illness can and should be prevented and implements the necessary steps to accomplish that goal regardless of where the food is grown or produced.    Last year saw the finalization of five of the seven foundational rules for FSMA after several years of work by FDA and input from many, many stakeholders, and the last two rules are set to become final in March and May of this year.    Now that the rules are final, this is a make or break year for FSMA. Now the rubber hits the road. Without full funding, FDA will be unable to complete putting in place the necessary program, standards and oversight that will bring FSMA from a concept to reality and allow American consumers and industry to begin to reap the benefits that it was designed to accomplish.    The additional funding will help implement the Produce Safety Rule and provide states with the resources to help farmers prepare for it, support our enforcement efforts, and further implement the Foreign Supplier Verification Program which helps assure an even playing field for domestic and foreign products.    In the area of medical product safety and innovation this year's request represents an increase of $116.2 million above fiscal year 2016 enacted. We are requesting an increase of 0.2 percent, or $3.2 million in budget authority compared to fiscal year 2016, and an increase of three percent, or $38 million in user fees compared to fiscal year 2016.    In addition, there is the $75 million that was previously mentioned in new mandatory funding for the Cancer Moon shot.    Our focus is on five priorities: leveraging real world data on medical devices through the National Medical Device Evaluation System; continuing to support the President's Precision Medicine Initiative; improving the safety of compounded drugs and combatting antibiotic resistant bacteria; supporting animal drug and medical device review; and harnessing the power of innovation to bring a new generation of cancer diagnostics and treatments to market.    Let me just end my opening statement by once again sincerely thanking the subcommittee on behalf of our entire workforce for your support, your advice, and your assistance over the last year. I can only say that it has been especially helpful to me.    This job is a tough one, as you mentioned, and has its share of challenges, but it is without question one of the most rewarding opportunities that I have ever had in my long public health career. Especially gratifying is the knowledge that our actions and the decisions that we have made help people across the country each and every day, and in the end that is what makes it worthwhile.    I want to thank you for allowing me to be here today to discuss this year's budget and how it helps FDA meet its public health responsibilities. Coming at a time of enormous change, this budget is a modest request to help us meet the challenges of globalization, embrace groundbreaking and potentially lifesaving scientific and technological advances, and continue to provide American consumers and patients with the confidence in the people that work to protect and promote their public health.    So with that I will end my statement, and I look forward to being able to answer your questions.    Dr. Ostroff. The official time and day has not yet been established.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, thank you.    Dr. Ostroff. I am not leaving.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, thank you for that question, and I would totally agree with you that this is a very complicated issue. There is a great deal of passion on both sides of this debate, and certainly FDA has a very important role in this area.    So you know, we have assessed from a scientific perspective genetically engineered foods, and as we have looked at these foods, from a scientific perspective, we have not seen differences in the food items in comparison to those which have not used genetically engineered production methods.    And so as a result of that, and again, our criteria for issues related to labeling have to do with being able to provide the consumer material facts that are important from the perspective of their health, and so we are very supportive of a voluntary approach to labeling, and as we put out in the guidance that we put out in November 2015.    Dr. Ostroff. So, again, our perspective is that we believe that it is very important that consumers have information about the material that is actually in the foods themselves rather than the methods in which those foods are produced, and so that has been a very consistent position that we have had now for many, many years as it relates to whether something is genetically engineered, whether it is produced by free range or other types. You know, that is a method of production rather than a material fact regarding the material that is actually in the product.    And so that has been the basis for us to determine that while we believe that it is very important for consumers to have information, that it does not represent a material fact.    Dr. Ostroff. So thank you for that question.    We have not taken a position on those particular laws.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, again, we can only look at it from the perspective of the guidance that we have previously issued in November of 2015, and again, we feel that the appropriate approach in that guidance, which is voluntary labeling, it is voluntary labeling whether there is genetically engineered material in a particular product, as well as whether or not there is no genetically engineered material in a product, is a very reasonable way to go.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes. I think one other thing just to mention, as you know, the guidance that was put out in November 2015 was draft guidance, and obviously there were many comments that have come in, and we continue to review those comments. And certainly we will take that information into consideration as we work for the guidance to be finalized.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, again, there are certain facts that we feel are necessary to inform consumers of the content of the actual product itself. There are many additional pieces of information that could be included in the product labeling that would not be required to be present, but on a voluntary basis to provide additional information to consumers. We would have no problem with that.    Dr. Ostroff. Right. I mean, it is the same concept.    Dr. Ostroff. Right. It is the same concept, which is that it has to do with production methods and not the content of the product itself.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, what I will say, Congressman, is that we are very supportive of the fiscal year 2017 budget request, and we believe that the request from the administration will allow us to continue the work that we have done, especially in areas that we have been especially successful, while in certain areas that are our greatest priorities being able to in very targeted fashion apply additional resources.    Dr. Ostroff. So, again, within the budget our priority requests are in the areas of being able to continue to implement the Food Safety Modernization Act, as I mentioned; that this, for us, is really a very critical time period and that we are moving from developing the rules and regulations into implementation.    And so there are great expectations.    Dr. Ostroff. The short answer is yes. You know, one of the major tenets of our development of the regulations related to the Food Safety Modernization Act is this concept of the integrated food safety system. The integrated food safety system means partnerships at the federal level, at the state level and at the local level, and in addition, partnerships with industry and partnerships with all of the other stakeholders that have a role in assuring food safety.    And so we have developed these regulations with a great deal of discussion with our state counterparts. We fully expect----    Dr. Ostroff. So, the rules that were developed for FSMA were done in a collaborative fashion with the states to assure that there is no duplication of efforts.    In addition to that, a very critical component of what we are doing with the resources that we have obtained, particularly the 2016 resources and, of course, part of the request for 2017, is to make sure that we can provide support to all of the states to be the front line interface with farmers and with the other small producers that are a critical part of the food safety system.    So we do not look at this as being duplicative at all.    Dr. Ostroff. So when you say will it cost them, are you talking the states or are you talking the farmers?    Dr. Ostroff. Well, you know, to a certain degree it depends on where an individual producer happens to be. Very often virtually everything that is being required under FSMA, many of the farmers particularly in your area have a tremendous head start in implementing many of the things that are in FSMA, and so they should not be particularly impacted by much of what is particularly the Produce Safety Rule.    Dr. Ostroff. Thanks for that question.    This is an area that I have actually spent a great deal of time looking at over the last few years not only while I have been the Acting Commissioner, but also in my previous role as the Chief Scientist. I think that there are a couple of things to point out.    One of them is that FDA has always had the regulatory authority to regulate laboratory developed tests. However, since the 1970s we have always used enforcement discretion in this area, but I think one of the things that is really important to point out is that like so many of the areas that we regulate, there have been very significant changes in the area of laboratory developed tests from 1976 to the present.    It has grown considerably. The complexity of the tests that are being done has grown considerably, and in some instances, and we published a report last fall where we detailed circumstances where there are significant problems with the quality of laboratory developed tests, particularly laboratory developed tests in circumstances where specimens are coming in from all over the country. It is a very different paradigm than the paradigm that in general has grown up in laboratory developed tests where these were tests that were performed in one laboratory for use directly in the institution in which the laboratory was affiliated, and there is a very substantial change.    And from the standpoint of the patients themselves, they are not aware of whether or not something is being run as a laboratory developed test or whether it is a commercially available test that has been assessed by FDA for the diagnostic accuracy and the clinical validity of that readout.    So that is part of the reason that we have embarked on this pathway to bring laboratory developed tests under our review. However, we have embarked upon this in a very cautious way. We did put out draft guidance approximately a year and a half ago, and as you might imagine, we have gotten a great deal of comments.    Dr. Ostroff. But the other thing that I would say, you know, regarding the role of CLIA, we are in close partnership with CMS that oversees CLIA, and I guess the way that I would describe it is that our role has to do with the quality of the test itself, and CLIA is largely devoted to the systems that are in place to actually run the test rather than assessing the quality and the interpretation of that test.    And so we view our role and CLIA's role as being complementary. You know, there have been hearings in which CMS has testified and indicated that they do not feel that they have the necessary technical expertise to actually be able to review the test itself for diagnostic accuracy.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes.    Dr. Ostroff. Those are a lot of points that you raise.    Dr. Ostroff. What I am going to try to do at least let me just touch upon the first issue that you raised because one of the ways that we have developed and one of the sort of central points of FSMA is to educate while we regulate, and I think that that is very important.    In other venues we have also said educate first and regulate second, but they actually do go hand in hand. And so we are in full agreement with you that it is really, really critical that we be able to develop the necessary educational programs down to the farm level and also for the small producer so that they have a full understanding of what they are supposed to do because it is much more important that we come there and be able to say, ``You know, you are doing it right,'' rather than to come there and say, ``Uh-oh, you did not do it right.''    Dr. Ostroff. So we think that that would be a win-win for virtually everybody, and it has been from the very beginning one of our priorities.    In the area of opioids, I think that you mentioned a number of things. We have taken all of those issues into consideration. You know, if you were to distill the action plan that we put out a few weeks ago, I would put it into three different areas.    One of them is to reduce abuse.    The second one is to save lives.    And the third one is to facilitate treatment and recovery.    And so that action plan contains items in each of those areas. Obviously one of the ways to reduce abuse is to minimize the use of opioids when it is not necessary to use them, and obviously we have worked very collaboratively with our colleagues at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and their opioid prescribing guidelines.    You may know I worked there for a long time. So I know these folks quite well, and there is a very critical role for being able to use other approaches for pain management that do not necessarily involve the use of opioids. They should not be necessarily the first thing that you turn to.    And there is a very important research need to be able to develop more alternatives to opioids that would be able to address the needs of patients.    Dr. Ostroff. It is really unfortunate. We hear that a lot.    Dr. Ostroff. If you might indulge me, Mitch Zeller, who runs the Center for Tobacco Products, is just behind me and since he was very heavily involved in the development of the proposed deeming rule at the time that I was not, I will let him at least answer that particular question.    Dr. Ostroff. Again, there were numbers that were included in the proposed deeming rule. As you are probably aware, we received an extraordinary number of comments based on the proposed rule, more than 135,000 comments that we had to go through as we worked towards finalizing the deeming rule, and so you know, I cannot discuss what might be in the final version of this, but we have taken all of those comments into consideration.    Dr. Ostroff. What I can say is that I do recall seeing that particular letter and we are in the process of developing a response to that letter. It is an issue that we take quite seriously, and probably what would be best is if we developed a response to that letter and provide the information back to you in greater detail.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes. Thank you for that question.    So as I mentioned before, we have worked very, very closely with our state counterparts not only in developing the rules and regulations, but also in assuring that, as part of the integrated food safety system, there are appropriate resources to be able to meet the requirements of these regulations, including working very closely with our partners in State Departments of Agriculture.    Three have been funds, including funds in fiscal year 2016 and part of the request in fiscal year 2017 are prioritized for being able to provide support to all of our state partners so that they can fulfill the expectations as part of that integrated food safety system for the role that they have, particularly working with the produce, the farms that are producing fruits and vegetables around the country and also the small producers.    So we do know that that is a priority. In the funding that we received in fiscal year 2016, $19 million of that funding is specifically to go for support to the states, and in the request that we have in 2017 an additional proportion of the $25.3 million, and I believe the figure is just over $11 million, is also for funding to go to the states.    Dr. Ostroff. So, again, the Cancer Moon Shot funding is for fiscal year 2017, and then it is for a five-year period.    However, having said that, we have a very close working relationship with NIH. As you can imagine, even the development of the Moon Shot itself in collaboration with the administration and, in particular, the Vice President's Office was very, very close.    You know, if you think about what is necessary for successful medical product development, what you have is you have the phase of discovery. You have the phase of translating those discoveries into medical products, and then you have the very critical role of FDA, which is bringing those medical products through the approval process so that they can then be used by patients.    All of them are critical, and they have to be done hand in glove, and so you know, with all of the discovery work which is being done by NIH and NCI, we have worked very closely with them in developing this particular proposal.    As far as the Virtual Center of Excellence is concerned, it is a very important concept because one of the main objectives of the Moon Shot itself is to be able to break down barriers between investigators not only in terms of the way the clinical trials are done and doing large scale clinical trials across multiple institutions, but in addition to that, being able to share data and being able to enhance patient enrollment into the various clinical trials.    Just as breaking down those types of barriers that have inhibited some of the work, we need to break down the internal barriers within the FDA. You know, we have work that goes on on medical devices. We have work that goes on within biologics. We have work that goes on within pharmaceutical, and this is an opportunity to bring together all of the individuals across the agency that are working on cancer related activities, whether it is diagnostics or whether it is the therapeutics, and make sure that they are all working in the same direction.    Dr. Ostroff. Thank you very much.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, thank you very much.    Dr. Ostroff. So there is a lot in your question, obviously. Let me just try. It is difficult to address all of those issues, but what I would like to sort of focus on is a couple of different areas.    One of them is that everything is a very difficult balancing act, as you know, and one of the major concerns and the legislation that established the Center for Tobacco Products was particularly to reduce the harms of tobacco in youth, and so much of the work that gets done has to do with youth.    And one of the major concerns with e-cigarettes, and there has been a lot of data that has been published, including from the CDC, showing that the rate of use of electronic cigarettes in our youth has tripled over the last couple of years and now exceeds the use of other types of tobacco products, particularly cigarettes, and this is a tremendous concern to see that proportion of our youth initiating the use of e-cigarettes because of the potential public health consequences from that.    And so that has been a very, very strong consideration as we developed the proposed rule. And obviously as I mentioned previously, we have huge numbers of comments, and as you can imagine, those comments are on all sides of the issue, and so we have been very carefully considering those comments as we move towards the final rule.    In terms of the backlog of substantial equivalence applications, I think it is important to note, and I know that we have had multiple discussions with Chairman Aderholt about this particular question.    You know the Center for Tobacco Products itself is only 6 years old, and so they were started from scratch and have significantly expanded based on the resources that are available under the Tobacco Control Act, and so they are in a considerably different place today than they were even three or 4 years ago.    And at this point in terms of the backlog of substantial equivalence application, by and large these have been cleared up. Seventy-three percent of all of the SE backlog that we previously had has been resolved as of December 2015, and the vast majority of those that have not been resolved are products that are currently on the market.    So right now for new applications that come into FDA, there is no backlog.    Dr. Ostroff. Thanks very much.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, as you can imagine, the supply is quite diverse in terms of the locations that these come from, and so we have a system in place where we evaluate every single import line that comes into the country, and we use a risk based approach to actually do inspections and to do sampling of those products.    And where we do find problems, we do institute import alerts. And so that is a very critical tool that we use when we do find problems that exist.    You know, the idea of doing a wider import alert, you know, would depend on the information that is available, but as I said, seafood safety is a very big priority of ours, and you know, we work very closely through the seafood HACCP, which is a critical component of this, to work with the overseas producers of these products to assure that they understand what is required, and that there is compliance with the seafood HACCP requirements.    Dr. Ostroff. So this is an issue that we have devoted a lot of time and attention to. I actually started at FDA two and a half years ago in the role of the Chief Medical Officer on the food side of FDA, and so we were in the process of developing a risk assessment on the issue of arsenic in rice.    It is a very complicated issue. We have been working with a number of stakeholders inside and outside of government to be able to finalize that risk assessment and the associated risk management plan.    Dr. Ostroff. Oh, yes.    Dr. Ostroff. Actually, you know, we have actually visited rice farmers in a number of different states to be able to get firsthand input from them. No question about that.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes, it is definitely still in the review process. I can tell you that it is a very high priority of mine, regardless of what role I happen to be in, that we finalized that risk assessment. It is an important thing to do.    Dr. Ostroff. Absolutely.    Dr. Ostroff. Thank you for your comments, and it is really terrific----    Dr. Ostroff. And you know, if you had been here a few minutes ago when I was having a discussion with Congressman Yoder, I actually used the same statistic that you just quoted.    Dr. Ostroff. So without question one of the major impetuses, and I do not know if ``impetuses'' or ``impeti'' is the correct term, of developing the deeming rule was specifically for the reason that you cited, which is the potential impact that this has in youth initiation of nicotine use and tobacco products.    And so it has been a primary driver as we developed this proposed rule, and as you can imagine, there is a great diversity of opinion from all sides on this particular issue. We received a phenomenal number of comments on the proposed rule that came out previously.    And working through those and working through all of the various very technical and difficult issues related to getting the deeming rule finalized has been a priority of mine ever since I took over as the Acting Commissioner. It was a priority for Dr. Hamburg, as you well know, and we are working as hard as we can to be able to get this rule to final.    As far as are we prepared for the implementation of the deeming rule when it does go final, we have been working now and we proposed this more than a year and a half ago.    Dr. Ostroff. So the proposed rule came out in late 2014, and there were large numbers of comments, more than 135,000 comments that were received, and the proposed final rule has gone through interagency clearance and through the White House. We have been working on trying to get all of the aspects of this finalized.    I cannot tell you when it will actually be finalized. All I can say to you is that we are as passionate as you are about being able to get this to final.    We have been preparing for the workload that it will entail. The Center for Tobacco Products has been evaluating that. They are raring to go, and we hope that as soon as the rule gets final we can get started.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, that is one of the reasons to put the deeming rule out there and bring these under our regulatory purview as we have with other tobacco products because once that occurs, then we will be in a much better position to understand what is actually in these products.    Dr. Ostroff. So thank you for that question as well, and it is one that I am aware of.    It is our understanding that the law itself stipulates the major food allergens, and that FDA itself cannot make changes to the list that is in that particular law. However, it does not mean that we do not have the regulatory authority to address other food allergens.    Food allergens are a very important issue, particularly for consumers who need the information to know whether or not they should consume that particular product. It is obviously a material fact, and in some instances the label itself may not contain or may not list sesame as the particular ingredient. It may simply be on there as spice or something like that, and so this is something that we are working on.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, again, you know, we are assessing all of the available information so that we can develop a path forward.    Dr. Ostroff. It is certainly not a new issue, and so you know, developing the necessary information to take the appropriate regulatory steps, as you can well imagine, takes some time. So I cannot give you a very specific answer in terms of when our assessment may be completed and when we will move forward.    One of the things to know, and thank you, Jay, for reminding me, is that we do have a citizen's petition that has been submitted to us on this specific issue, and so we will have to develop a response to that citizen's petition.    Dr. Ostroff. We certainly will.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes.    Dr. Ostroff. You know, again, there is no question that food allergens present in the food supply is a material fact that needs everyone needs to understand.    Dr. Ostroff. This could well be the shortest answer that I have given so far, and the answer is yes. And so as you know, the new Dietary Guidelines were just recently issued, and we will be looking very closely at the content of the Dietary Guidelines as it pertains to the way products are labeled and the information that is available on those products, particularly around nutrient content claims.    And so without question, yes, we will be looking at that.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes, yes, yes.    Dr. Ostroff. I understand completely, yes.    Dr. Ostroff. So we think that those nutrient content claims ought to be in the context of the totality of the information that is in the label.    Dr. Ostroff. So what I will start by saying is that I am a health care provider. I know Dr. Harris is also a health care provider, and we know that one of the most significant contributors to cardiovascular disease, other than tobacco, is the high levels of sodium in the American diet, and doing something about excess sodium consumption has the potential to significantly have a positive impact on cardiovascular disease in this country.    There are estimates that the typical American consumes about 3.400 grams of sodium per day. That is far in excess of what the recommendations that are in the Dietary Guidelines and that others have recommended say that they should be, and we feel that rational, voluntary approaches, which I will say many in the industry are already embarked upon, are a very reasonable way to approach this problem in reducing the overall sodium content in the diet because most of this is in products that the consumers do not really have an option of understanding what is there.    Dr. Ostroff. Thanks.    So, you know, as I mentioned earlier, we consider the work that we do with the states in implementing all aspects of FSMA is really quite critical. They are a full partner in what we refer to as the Integrated Food Safety System, and one of our priorities is to assure that we can get resources to all of the states for them to be in a better position to fulfill their part of the various rules in the Food Safety Modernization Act, most importantly as it relates to produce safety.    And so in 2016, of the additional resources that we obtained for FSMA implementation, $19 million of that funding goes to the states, and in our request in fiscal year 2017, a substantial amount of our request is for funding to the states.    Dr. Ostroff. I can tell you that among the rules, the foreign supplier verification is really a critical aspect of what we are doing with FSMA because we need to assure that the safety of imported food is equivalent to the safety of food that is produced domestically.    And so part of the funding that we received in 2016, as well as a large part of the request in 2017, is specifically devoted to be able to address import safety.    Dr. Ostroff. Let me mention a couple of things. One of them is that part of our budget request in 2017 has to do with moving forward in something called the National Medical Device Evaluation System. And the reason that I think it is pertinent to this question is that one of the major objectives of that system is to be able to do better monitoring than we currently do of products in the postmarketing setting, no question about it. And so that would help contribute to being able to address issues like this.    The second thing that I will say is that we are very well aware of the language that is in the Omnibus. As you know, we took this issue to an advisory committee last fall. We received a lot of feedback from the advisory committee. There were a large number of patients that participated in that discussion. We have taken that feedback. We indicated that we would be issuing a report on those findings by March 1st, and we intend to do so.    Dr. Ostroff. You are specifically referring to menu labeling?    Dr. Ostroff. Yes. So obviously, I hate to be redundant, but everything is a high priority for us. And I wish that we could make progress further. Again, related to what is in the Omnibus, we certainly understand the language of this in the Omnibus that indicates that until the guidance is finalized regarding implementation of the menu labeling requirements, that they do not take effect, either, until December of this year or 12 months after that guidance is finalized. And so we have been working quite hard to get the guidance finalized so that we can start moving forward towards implementation.    As part of finalizing the guidance, obviously we have had a lot of input from a variety of stakeholders, and we have been working with other stakeholders in terms of the implementation.    Dr. Ostroff. Well----    Dr. Ostroff. Yes. So there are a fair number of stakeholders that have a role in this, and they range from the food marketers to the restaurants themselves, and then the various associations. We have talked with all of these individuals repeatedly.    Dr. Ostroff. As you know, any time that we issue guidance, it goes through a proposal, and we receive a variety of comments before we finalize any guidance that we put out or any regulations that we put out. And this would be no different than that.    As far as the specifics of this, we would be happy to give you a further detailed briefing in terms of where that stands and input that we received.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes. And I will not say the acronym, either.    Dr. Ostroff. Another long one.    Dr. Ostroff. You know the total request on the food side of the agency was in two areas. It was direct budget authority as well as the proposed user fees that have been put forward repeatedly in the last several years. And if again, Congresswoman DeLauro mentioned this, that the CBO had made an estimate of the total costs of FSMA implementation, and we ourselves had put together estimates of what it would take to fully implement FSMA.    And those numbers we have looked at repeatedly. They are not that far off from the CBO, and if you put the number of the budget authority increases with the user fee increases, it would get us a substantial part of the way towards what we need to fully implement FSMA.    As far as the training centers, they are a very important part of what we are doing with FSMA because, as I said earlier, being able to provide the technical assistance and the educational that is required so that all of the stakeholders implement FSMA correctly rather than us having to come after the fact and say you did not do it quite right is really very important.    And so we have four centers of excellence in technical assistance. One of them is Iowa State. One of them is in Vermont at the University of Vermont. And the other two, one is in Florida and the other is in Oregon.    Dr. Ostroff. What I can say is that this is also an issue that I am very well aware of, and it is a very complicated issue. What I can say without question is that our primary consideration is not related to litigation; it is related to being able to assure that the labels contain information that is important regarding the safety of products, whether it is the reference drug or whether it is the generic.    And so this very complicated interplay between the licensed reference drug and the generic drugs and the safety information that is contained on them regarding adverse events is a really important issue. And it is a very complicated issue because of the way that the regulations and the statutes are written.    And so we have been looking at this for an extended period of time. And as you know, there has been a fair amount of feedback that we have received, and we continue to work on trying to finalize this.    Dr. Ostroff. This is part of the complexity. And part of the difficulty is that very often, for many of these products, there is just not one generic; there are multiple generics. And so we do believe that it is very important, to the degree that we possibly can, that there is consistency across all of the various forms of a particular drug because it may be that one manufacturer has access to information that the others do not. And there could be circumstances, for instance, where the reference product is not even marketed any more.    And so the ability to move information back and forth between the reference manufacturer and the generics can be very challenging. And so getting this correct in a way that we have consistency in the information that is available across all of the generics for a particular product type is really important.    Dr. Ostroff. I cannot tell you exactly when we may get to that point. But it is something that we are working quite hard on.    Dr. Ostroff. I would have to get back to you. I am not aware of any.    Dr. Ostroff. Thank you for that as well. This is, again, a very important issue and it has to do with taking action on it.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, as you know, we looked at all of the products that were submitted to us and determined in each instance that there was not information to make a final determination, and have set out a very clear course that the various manufacturers of these products have to use to be able to assure us of the safety of these products.    These sunscreens, when they are used as they are supposed to be used, are repeatedly applied to large portions of the body. And we feel that it is really, really, really critical to be able to determine whether or not there is systemic absorption of these materials that might have long-term consequences, health consequences, to individuals. We recognize that that is a very delicate balancing act in terms of prevention.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes. But there is not a simple answer.    Dr. Ostroff. I can say that we have had--including myself, have had discussions with the various manufacturers about the pathway forward to be able to accumulate the information.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, we have set out for the manufacturers what they need to do to provide the information to us so that we can make a determination.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, the manufacturers have to get back to us.    Dr. Ostroff. Compounding is an area that we have devoted a lot of efforts to, and particularly developing all of the necessary guidance to implement DQSA. And the critical aspects of this is that compounding go forward in a way that is safe, especially as it relates to sterile products. And that is precisely what we are doing.    Dr. Ostroff. This is something that I have also learned a lot about.    Dr. Ostroff. This is a--well, we understand the deadline. And so the requirements that were in FDASIA was to be able to assess the situation, to submit a report to Congress about things that we considered to be necessary, and it is our assessment that most of the changes that need to be done in the area of medical gases--and again, we have done this with a lot of discussion with industry----    Dr. Ostroff . Including last December, can be done through guidance. We did have a proposed rule that was issued in 2006, and one of our objectives is to be able to finalize that rule by the date----    Dr. Ostroff . By the date that was established.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes.    Dr. Ostroff. I cannot give you a specific date as to when we may be able to get the final deeming rule out. We have been working very hard----    Dr. Ostroff . In finalizing that rule. I am not able to give you a specific date. I certainly was hopeful that that rule would be final while I was still in the acting role. It is not. But we are working as hard as possible to be able to finalize it.    Dr. Ostroff. No.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, yes. Again, we will take all sources of information, including what is in the Dietary Guidelines, into consideration as we move forward with this. We think that the voluntary approach to reducing the overall amounts of sodium in the food supply is the right approach.    Dr. Ostroff. We have done that sort of consumer research, and that has helped inform the direction that we feel we should go in with the nutrition facts label. And I understand what you are saying about the total sugar versus added sugar. And it is not the same because in general, when sugar is naturally present in many food items, it is present in association with many other important parts of the diet for a proper balanced diet and health; whereas added sugars are essentially empty calories and they do not contribute to a balanced and healthy diet.    And so we feel it is very important that there be a distinguishing between total sugars and added sugars. And that has been what the proposal was. And we have been working on what the best way is to present that to the consumer.    Dr. Ostroff. Thank you for that question. This is a very important year for us in terms of the activities related to the veterinary side of the antimicrobial resistance challenge in that the 2013 guidance that you referred to, which removes production indications for medically important antibiotics, actually takes effect at the end of this year.    In addition to that, the Veterinary Feed Directive rule went final in the fall of last year. And so they will both be in place as of the end of this year. And one of our really critical challenges is to be able to monitor the impact of these changes, in particular establishing a baseline.    We have multiple systems in place to be able to monitor this, including a requirement that was in the original animal drug user fees, to collect data on sales of medically important--or sales of antibiotics for use in food animals. And so we have been collecting that data. And we have actually proposed that we make some changes in the way that data is collected so that we do it by species and have better ability to track sales of antibiotics by animal species.    In addition to that, we have the National Antimicrobial Resistance Monitoring System, which actually collects samples, isolates various important foodborne pathogens, and looks at the resistance patterns. And that is yet another way for us to be able to monitor the impact of these changes.    However, one of the very important aspects of this is actually to be able to drill down and get some information about what is actually happening on the farm. And we had a meeting last September that we held jointly with USDA and CDC to put together the framework for being able to do this. Unfortunately, we do not have the funding to be able to implement it.    And so we are trying to work on what the options may be to be able to accomplish this because it is really critical that we establish the baseline. In 2017, we are proposing moving some of the resources that we received on the human side--not to say that they are not also very much needed--to move them over to the veterinary side to be able to do some of these activities.    Dr. Ostroff. Thank you.    Dr. Ostroff. That is the way that that funding is being used, to be able to put together as many information sources as possible so that we can most appropriately develop the risk framework for the inspections and the sampling.    Dr. Ostroff. Correct. So we have to----    Dr. Ostroff. Well, we have to make maximum use of the resources that we do have available.    Dr. Ostroff. The risk assessment is what it says that it is, which is a risk assessment. But what we are hoping to do in concert with the risk assessment is a risk management plan. So that is also a very important component of what it is that we are doing, as well as how we would engage in risk communication about the information that is contained in the assessment.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, again, it is still being worked on.    Dr. Ostroff. It is a naturally occurring substance, and rice seems to disproportionately absorb arsenic from the way that it is produced and from the soil and from the fact that it sits in a lot of water.    And so not only are we doing the risk assessment and looking at ways to reduce any health risks that may be associated with the presence of arsenic, particularly in organic rice, and taking a very comprehensive approach not only in terms of what standards may be in place but also ways to be able to reduce that absorption and ways that the actual amount of arsenic that may be present in rice that is consumed can be reduced.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, you know we always are reviewing information about health risks in the food supply and taking actions when they are necessary.    Dr. Ostroff. Sir, not all of those things that you cited fall under FDA as opposed to USDA. But what I can comment on are a couple of the things that you mentioned. One of them is the issue of the partially hydrogenated oils. And as you are probably well aware, in the middle of last year we did issue a final determination that trans fats, which PHOs are the primary source of trans fats, would not be considered generally recognized as safe. And there is a three-year time period for them to be phased out of the food supply.    We also did offer opportunities for petitions to come into the agency that would help inform the determination that was made. And so in the interim time period, before that actually takes effect in 2018, we will be considering any petitions that come in.    As far as the nutrition facts label, as I was mentioning before, we did put a re-proposal out last year related to added sugars. And that included having a reference value for added sugars in the proposal that was issued, which is consistent with the dietary guidelines, is that in the average diet, not greater than 10 percent of calories should be in the form of added sugars. And that is the direction that we have been going in with the nutrition facts label.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes. As you know, that provision to collect information on annual sales of antibiotics was included in the Animal Drug User Fee Act in 2009. And so we have been, on an annual basis, collecting that information and publishing reports on the findings.    One of the things that I can say to you is that if you look at the trend that has occurred between 2009 and the last report that we issued, which was, I believe, in 2014, covering 2014 data, there has been a 22 percent increase in the overall sales of antibiotics for use in food animals. And if you look just between 2013 and 2014, it has increased by 4 percent.    And so the trend is certainly not going in the right direction. However, I do think it is important to point out that that is data that is being collected before the implementation of what was just discussed. And part of our hope is that when these are implemented, that we will see the trends change.    As I also mentioned, one of the things that we think is very important to be able to collect as part of that information is sales by species because that will enable us to be more focused in terms of if we do not see what we think we ought to be seeing as a result of these changes, it will help us better target where the problems may be.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, all I can say is that we always look at the comments that we receive very carefully. I cannot give you a time frame. I know that frustrates Congressman Farr, but all I can say is that we will look very carefully at all the comments that we receive.    Dr. Ostroff. Thank you.    Dr. Ostroff. Thank you for that question, and I wish that I had the ultimate answer to the last question that you asked because it is something that we are following very closely and we are watching closely.    I will say one thing, and that is that if you need an example of why what we are doing with FSMA is so absolutely critical, that particular outbreak hits two of the very critical aspects of FSMA. One of them is produce safety, and the other one is foreign supply.    Dr. Ostroff. Because we had, in 2015, several outbreaks that have that particular combination. And it is why it is so critical that we make progress in implementing the produce safety rule, regardless of whether we are talking about produce from outside the country or inside the country, and that we move on foreign supplier verification so that we can do more, working with our Mexican colleagues in the produce safety partnership to be able to address these types of problems.    This was a very sizeable outbreak, as you pointed out. And we, working with CDC, looking at various clusters of disease, were able to determine the distributor and the source of the distributor's cucumbers that led back to nearby Mexico. And based on that information, we issued two import alerts in September. And as a result of those import alerts, if you look at the data for that outbreak, about 88 percent of the cases occurred before we issued the import alert. And so they certainly looked like they played a major role in reducing the risk associated with these cucumbers.    But one of the things, as you pointed out, that we have observed is this very steady, low-level incidence of cases that are associated with the very same strain. And we have been working very hard throughout the supply chain, including doing extensive sampling of cucumbers that are being imported, to see if we can identify other potential sources of why this is occurring and whether or not it is that there are other sources where the Salmonella happens to be in cucumbers that are coming into the country, if it has got something to do with the crates that they are packed in, or whatever it happens to be. This is something that we are looking at quite closely.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes. What I would say is that because I do not have those specific figures available to me, it is probably something that would be best if we were to get back to you.    Dr. Ostroff. Again, I think that you know what was in the proposed rule related to cigarettes, particularly premium cigars. We asked several questions and we solicited comments about how premium cigars ought to be addressed. And I cannot presage what may be in the final rule.    However, I know that we have looked at available information regarding how premium cigars are used. And I think that you may be a bit surprised at the fact that there actually are younger individuals that do use premium cigars. And so even in younger folks, particularly those over 18, they are used.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes.    Dr. Ostroff. As you may imagine, there are many things that we have been working on throughout all of our product categories. Certainly one example, and I said without question when I took over as the Acting Commissioner, the deeming rule was a very high priority. And we are working very hard to try to get that to final because of the recognized public health implications.    And so that is certainly one. And then there are activities going on, especially related to various guidances such as the menu labeling guidance, that we are working on, some of the other things that I think were discussed over the course of the hearing. All of these are things that we are working on trying to get final as quickly as we possibly can.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, it depends on the reason for the inspection, and so to the degree possible, we do work with regulated industries regarding inspections. But there are some times where it is more appropriate to do an unannounced inspection, depending on the circumstance.    What I can say is that one of the core principles of FSMA, as you very well know, is that we have parity in terms of the safety of foods that are produced domestically with foods produced internationally and imported into the country, and that we have equivalent levels of food safety, and that we have equivalent levels of oversight and regulation of what is required in the FSMA rules. It does not make any difference if it is produced domestically or produced overseas.    And so being able to ensure that we have equivalent levels of safety--and there are a variety of ways to be able to do that; it is not simply inspections--to do that is really quite important. Another example is that one of the other rules in FSMA is third party certification.    And we also are very aggressively moving towards systems recognition. We already have systems recognition in place with New Zealand, and we will hopefully in the not too distant future have the same with Canada and with Australia because what we do not want to be doing is investing our resources in areas that have equivalent levels of food safety that we have in the United States, that we can focus our resources on where they are needed.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, not under FSMA. I mean, that is part of the principles of FSMA, is that there has to be an equivalent level of implementation of the various FSMA requirements, regardless of where the food is produced.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, part of the reason to have an office in China is to be able to work as closely as possible with our Chinese counterparts. That is a win for us, and it is a win for them as well. And we would rather be able to again raise the standards, which I think that we have been doing by working with them, especially in helping them incorporate some of the FSMA standards into their regulatory requirements so that we are not in always a position that we have to continuously take actions.    Dr. Ostroff. No. This was an issue a couple of years ago. That has been resolved, and we are not currently having problems with obtaining visas for individuals that we want to place in our China office. We have 10 new positions that have been established. Six of the individuals are already in place; four of them are being processed to be able to be relocated over to our China office. And so we are not quite having the same problems that we did several years ago.website was last Tuesday, and that was issued a year ago.    Can you update us on the investigation and the work you are doing with CDC, and what the findings of the joint CDC/FDA study might be? Let me just read all these, and then you can respond once.    In the past, the FDA has issued statements that it no longer has problems getting into and inspect facilities in China. But in the response you just gave to the Chairman and the inspectors in 2012 that tried to get into the pet food plants, it appears that while FDA inspectors got into the plants, they got the runaround from the Chinese and were not able to take any samples, their own samples, to be tested.    Has that changed? Do you have unfettered and unrestricted access to all the inspections, not just those related to pet treats?    And I know you have issued ``detain without physical examination'' orders for some Chinese pet food manufacturers. Have these ``detained without physical examination'' orders had an impact on the volume of pet treats imported from China--since it was done a couple years ago? And do you know how many Chinese pet food manufacturers are still shipping pet treats to the United States?    Dr. Ostroff. Yes. Obviously, these are specific pieces of information that we are going to have to get to you. What I can say is that the issue of the pet jerky treats is something that we devoted a lot of energy and resources to trying to figure out exactly what was happening. And that included collecting samples of various types of jerky. It included doing autopsies on various dogs, et cetera.    And it is my understanding, at least, that the actual causation, I mean what precisely is going on, is still a question. What does appear to be the case is that the problem seems to be decreasing for whatever reason.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, in trying to figure out the causes of this, which are not that straightforward, it has been looking at samples, even in some instances that the consumers were providing to their pets. And so we have been trying to address this at all stages along the continuum.    But again, it has been difficult to be able to ascribe a particular cause to the problem--in other words, what is actually going on here and causing the problems. And so it remains something that we have been actively investigating, but----    Dr. Ostroff. Again, it was a matter of--we did take various actions, including import alerts in 2014, to be able to address this problem. Again, it does look like--in terms of the occurrence of the problems in the pets themselves, it appears to be abating.    Dr. Ostroff. Abating.    Dr. Ostroff. Fewer problems than we saw in the past, yes.    Dr. Ostroff. We will continue to work on this problem until we have been able to solve what is happening.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes.    Dr. Ostroff. Yes.    Dr. Ostroff. That is correct. That is what the language says.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, this is always the conundrum. And I think that when you look at the report that was recently issued by the Institute of Medicine, they point out exactly this problem. And it is part of the reason that we went to them to ask them to take a comprehensive look. And this was specifically dealing with something that is called mitochondrial transfer for individuals that have mitochondrial diseases.    And so they provided feedback to us in terms of the framework that may be appropriate to go forward in this area. And obviously, we are looking very carefully at that report because it lays out very nicely what you just said, which is trying to balance the risks with the potential benefits.    But we are very cognizant of what the language in the Omnibus was, and that will not happen in this fiscal year.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, any research activities that involve genetic manipulation of embryos will not occur in this fiscal year.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, again, the language very specifically expressed Congressional intent.    Dr. Ostroff. Well, again, I said I am not going away.    Dr. Ostroff. Thank you so much.    Dr. Ostroff. And again, thank you for the opportunity to work with you over the past year. It has been a real privilege, and your assistance has been very helpful.