    Mr. Deutch. Thank you very much, Madam Chairman.    And thanks to our witnesses for appearing here today.    I know that this administration is committed to success of Tunisia, as are the members of this subcommittee. And I look forward to hearing how our policies and our systems are working toward that goal.    Five years have now passed since Tunisia's Jasmine revolution shook the region, and it's been clear that Tunisians want to see their nascent democracy thrive. Tunisia's leaders, while motivated in governing have difficult steps to take to undo decades of authoritarian rule. Unfortunately, slow progress has led to increasing disillusionment among Tunisians.    A region in turmoil has plunged this once relatively stable country into a security crisis that has affected its ability to bring about much needed economic growth. Youth unemployment is estimated to be over 30 percent, and the lack of job opportunities is frustrating Tunisia's young educated population, the very same demographic that drove the Jasmine Revolution.    In a recent poll, less than a third said that they believe the government is doing a good job addressing the country's problems. But hope is not lost, because the same poll found that 86 percent of Tunisians surveyed, still believes that democracy is the best form of governance.    Last week, Tunisia was granted nearly $8 billion in financing to help revise the economy, including a $2.8 billion 4-year emergency IMF loan, contingent on economic reforms to help increase employment opportunities and strengthen public institutions and a $5 billion World Bank loan to help bring about growth and create jobs.    The United States has invested heavily in bringing economic growth to Tunisia. The U.S.-Tunisia strategic dialogue most recently met in November 2015 and focused on economic opportunity, increasing trade, and strengthening partnerships and security cooperation.    I hope that we will see a follow-up meeting scheduled for this year. The Tunisia American Enterprise Fund aimed at bringing business and investments back to Tunisia has ceded $60 million since 2013. And the recent meeting of the U.S.-Tunisia joint economic commission has focused specifically on the ag or food sector, small and medium enterprises and information technology.    Unfortunately, an unstable security situation will not draw the new significant foreign investment that Tunisia badly needs. The horrific attacks on the Bardo Museum in Tunis and in Ben Guerdane have shaken Tunisian society and have dramatically decreased the foreign tourism that used to fuel the economy. The deteriorating situation in Libya, has had, and will continue to have, a dramatic impact on Tunisia as well.    Libya has served as home base to several of Tunisia's attackers. Tunisian forces, with the help of U.S. assistance, have stepped up efforts to control the border of Libya, and much of our assistance to Tunisia is now focused on counterterrorism.    If the decision is made for U.S. and coalition forces to go after ISIS in Libya, what effect will this have on Tunisia, which has so far sent a large contingent of foreign fighters to train with ISIS.    According to a recent Washington Post article, a strike in Libya killed 41 militants most of whom were Tunisians, just weeks before the attacks on Ben Guerdane. I am concerned that without greater prospects for employment, more young Tunisians will be drawn to ISIS' steady paycheck. And bringing about this kind of real change will take political will.    Thus far, Tunisia has faired well in transition of power with the country's leaders uniting for the good of the country. President Essebsi and his secular coalition joined with the Islamist Ennahda to form a unity government that has seen some moderate success in pushing through economic reforms, but progress on many other needed reforms has been slow.    In a recent surprising turn of events, last week, Ennahda announced the decision to separate religion from politics. As one media report put it, Ennahda's reform appear to try to distinguish itself in a region where political Islam has suffered setbacks. This, coupled with Tunisia's progressive by regional standards constitution bode well for the civility of the government.    The U.S. should continue to support programs that help improve good governance and streamline much of the bureaucracy left over from the Ben Ali era, and while I am heartened by this government's continued focus on transparency and accountability, I remain concerned about human rights abuses including those carried out by security forces. I also hope that we are using the voice of the United States Government to push for equal protection for the LGBT community, which has faced increasingly brutal persecution.    There are no shortage of challenges facing Tunisia, and we must be clear-eyed about the ability to successfully address them. But there at least seems to be willingness in the government to confront them, albeit slowly. And how can the U.S. most effectively support these reform efforts? How can we utilize our assistance to show the people of Tunisia that they should still have hope?    These are the questions that I look forward to discussing. I appreciate the administration's continued commitment to Tunisia, and I look forward to productive discussion today.    Thank you.    Mr. Deutch. Thanks, Madam Chair.    Mr. Desrocher, last week the head of Ennahda said we are leaving political Islam to enter Muslim democracy. We are Muslim democrats who no longer claim political Islam. Two questions. One, what are the implications for Tunisian democracy? And, two, does the statement have broader implications for the future of political Islam in the Middle East?    Mr. Deutch. Thank you. And, Mr. Desrocher, just to stick with you for a second, homosexuality remains a crime in Tunisia, punishable by up to 3 years in prison. Some LGBT defenders have accused the police of being complicit in crimes against the community. This is seemingly in congress with Tunisia's values of pluralism and tolerance. And I just wonder whether this intolerance might alienate potential investors, whether it might challenge Tunisia's economic recovery?    Mr. Deutch. Great. I appreciate that.    Ms. Longi, I was struck, and I think perhaps a lot of us don't think enough about the Libyan refugee issue. The number is somewhere between, I think \1/4\ million and up to 1 million displaced Libyans in Tunisia. What is being done to assist them? How does the government--I guess this is for both of you. But has the government approached this issue and what impact does it have on economic growth within Tunisia?    Mr. Deutch. All right. Thank you, both.    I yield back my time.