    Admiral Schultz. Chairman Hunter, Ranking Member Garamendi, members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today on behalf of General John Kelly, commander, U.S. Southern Command. I look forward to discussing how the U.S. Southern Command works with the Coast Guard to defend the southern approaches to the United States.    Every day, our southern approaches are under direct assault by sophisticated criminal networks whose smuggling operations reach across Latin America and deep into the United States. These groups exploit every land, sea, and air border to traffic drugs, people, and weapons throughout the Western Hemisphere and beyond. Their corrosive activities pose a direct threat to our national security and the stability of our partner nations in the region.    Mr. Chairman, it will take a network to defeat a network, which is exactly what SOUTHCOM, the Coast Guard, our interagency, and international partners are building through multinational counterdrug operations, and capacity-building efforts in Central America, South America, and the Caribbean Basin.    As you know, the Department of Defense has a congressionally mandated statutory responsibility for the detection and monitoring of illicit drugs in the air and maritime domains. Our Joint Interagency Task Force South executes this responsibility working with agencies from the Department of Homeland Security, the Justice Department, the Department of State, and partner nation defense and security forces to disrupt illicit trafficking and dismantle criminal organizations.    JIATF South has long been the gold standard in leading and orchestrating successful interdiction operations. Last year, the JIATF South team supported the disruption of 158 metric tons of cocaine. That is 76 percent of the total amount of cocaine seized by all U.S. Government agencies.    JIATF South's continued success, however, could be in jeopardy. Due to other global defense priorities, limited Department of Defense resources are available to source the counterdrug mission, and we have been forced to rely heavily on Coast Guard support, including their personnel, aircraft, and cutters.    Come this September, the U.S. Navy will have a minimal presence in the SOUTHCOM area of responsibility. Mr. Chairman, for all intents and purposes, the Coast Guard is U.S. Southern Command's Navy, which is why we share and echo the Coast Guard Commandant's concern over the Coast Guard's ability to sustain its aging fleet while recapitalizing its fleet of Fast Response, Offshore, and National Security Cutters.    As an economy-of-force geographic combatant command, we at U.S. Southern Command are concerned by the limited availability of Department of Defense assets, including U.S. Navy frigates, airborne ISR , and national technical means to support our missions. For both the Department of Defense and the Coast Guard, asset shortfalls and potential asset failures are the greatest threats to our ability to defend the United States against the relentless onslaught of transnational criminal activity and illicit drugs.    Finally, I will close by noting that the possible return of sequestration would be disastrous for the counterdrug mission. It will undermine our ability to remain engaged with our partners, undermine our awareness of threats in the region, and undermine our ability to stop them before they reach our shores. I look forward to discussing these and the other issues with you. Thank you.    Admiral Schultz. What I can tell you, Mr. Chairman, from a DOD perspective, about $25 billion goes into the drug budget, writ large. About $5 billion of that is allocated; about $3.7 billion across for interdiction efforts; I think $1.2 billion or $1.3 billion for international efforts; about 20 percent of that drug budget goes towards what I call the JIATF South world to work there. JIATF South consumes about 1.5 percent of that $25 billion budget, to give you a sense. I can't speak to the other agencies to your specific question but----    Admiral Schultz. Well, the JIATF South piece of DOD of the $25 billion total drug budget is sort of how those numbers shake out.    Admiral Schultz. That is the U.S. Government----    Admiral Schultz. Entire drug budget, across the U.S. Government, writ large, yes, sir.    Admiral Schultz. Sir, JIATF South is currently targeting about 36, 37 percent of the known activities. You know, if you get down to the success metrics, that is a different set of numbers, but we are targeting about----    Admiral Schultz. Up over last year, and then when you look at--after you target them, the next step would be how do you go about detecting and monitoring them. We detect and monitor about 70 percent of what we target, so start with a number say 1,250, you look at about one-third of that, and then within that, about 70 percent of those, you are actually putting detection and monitoring assets against.    When we go out there and fly a Maritime Patrol Aircraft against a target, we are successful--a very high preponderance of an endgame--almost 90 percent of those that we target and then detect, we actually get a disruption or a seizure at the end of the day.    Admiral Schultz. Sir, our numbers at SOUTHCOM and JIATF South are inextricably linked to the Coast Guard's numbers. I mean, come this fall, the Coast Guard essentially is the only U.S. Government ship-providing game in the business here. We will have some PC-179 patrol craft from the Navy, but it is a Coast Guard game. As I mentioned in my opening statement, the Coast Guard is SOUTHCOM's Navy moving forward.    Admiral Schultz. Congressman, just on the UAS piece from a DOD perspective, to echo Admiral Michel, absolutely. We continue to use the Predator when it is available. You know, I would say the maritime solution for the UAS, as sophisticated it is in the land domain, what we have seen in the Middle East area. We are not quite there over the water, and there is some limitations in terms of where you can operate that, in terms of it is almost essentially a tether to it. You have to have a ground-based radar or shipboard radar, but we are very interested in how do you advance that, how do you bring those capabilities into the theater.    We do use a Global Hawk for some ISR responsibilities, capabilities, capacity in our AOR. We get that on a couple-of-mission-a-month basis, but we are employing them as well. Not specifically in the maritime domain but in the SOUTHCOM equities.    If there is a second, sir, to go back to just the country team participation, the question you asked there. From U.S. Southern Command's perspective, you know, we have almost 6,000 to 8,000 soldiers, sailors, airmen, coastguardsmen in the SOUTHCOM AOR on a day-to-day basis. I would say the bulk of their effort down there is along supporting the transnational organized crime, combatting that mission set.    So in Guatemala, we have the interagency task force at the Mexican-Guatemalan border. There is one in the--that they are working on on the Honduras side. There is one down in the southern part of Guatemala. The plan is to build out a couple more of those task forces. We have got about $15-$17 million invested towards that. That is to help the Central American countries establish some border security within their own domain.    Between us and INL , we are putting a lot of--while some of the countries that Admiral Michel mentioned don't have a lot of big ship capability, there is some patrol boat capability, and then there is--we, with INL, are both buying interceptor-type boats, so while we may not have a ship--and again, there is no replacement for a Navy ship, no replacement for a Coast Guard cutter, but what we do do is bring some endgame capability. If an aircraft can traffic a vessel in, we have some pretty sophisticated interceptors, Boston whalers, we have them in the Dominican Republic, we have them in the Central American countries.    Some countries prefer that we retake some refurbished former seized boats, eduardonos, which is a local domestic boat down there. And then we have got a special purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force operating with 250 Marines in Honduras in the sort of ungoverned spaces in the northeast coast right now.    So we have got a lot of building partnership capacity stuff going on, and your question was Central America focused, so I kind of constrained myself there, but on a day-to-day basis, we are training, we are equipping things like night-vision goggles, just essentially helping them bring governance to regions where there are very little of that today, and that really props up the security part of the equation.    Admiral Schultz. Congressman, I would just offer, I think if General Kelly were sitting here, he would tell you our country's insatiable appetite or demand for drugs has sort of put the region, what we call the transit zone, the Central American countries as sort of the meat in the sandwich between the Indian Ridge and producers. I think we have an obligation to aid and probably be part of the solution set here.    I would make an analogy to speeders on the highway. I have teenage drivers. I know there's a lot of speeders on the highway. I know there's not a lot of police officers out there, but I go to sleep at night knowing there's some police officers that keep some semblance of order out there, and I would say in the drug war, the transnational crime combatting efforts is sort of, you keep the lid on it. What we are here telling you with more effort----    Admiral Schultz . You stop more.    Admiral Schultz. Sir, I would say if you look at domestic cocaine use in this country, it is at a low that it's been in recent years, prices are fairly high. I think the efforts that the men and women that are fighting this fight, both from U.S. Government forces, from international partners, from partner nations, are having an impact there. Again----    Admiral Schultz. Yes, sir. I think we have got kind of an emerging epidemic with heroin use right now, and you know, I think with 8,500 deaths in this country here in the last year alone from heroin use, I think folks are seeing folks in places like New Hampshire where you didn't think you had drug problems before, and parts of Kentucky where that is cropping up. And I think how we get our arms around that, I guess you could say you stop going after that or maybe we need to look at the fact that 45 percent of that heroin comes out of Mexico, 45 percent-plus is coming out of South America.    Almost all of it now is coming out of this hemisphere through the same networks that the cocaine is coming up from, sir. So I don't disagree with you, but there is a lot of ways at looking at this, this challenge.    Admiral Schultz. Congressman, I think both of us would tell you, we have sort of run our careers in parallel tracks over more than 6 years together. There is a balanced approach, you probably need both, but interdiction, I think, is clearly part of that equation.    Admiral Schultz. Congresswoman, I would say, and I think Chairman Hunter sort of opened up this dialogue. You know, General Kelly's first and foremost duty as a combatant commander for U.S. Southern Command is protecting the southern approaches to the United States for the security of this Nation. These same networks that allow drugs, you know, to the tune of--there's about 1,050 tons of cocaine that come out of the Indian Ridge, the sole cocaine producing region of the world on an annual basis, about 60 percent--660 tons comes to the United States.    It is the same networks that move those drugs, that move, you know, trafficking and women to the tune of 18,000 or so, moving cash both ways, weapons, illegal migrants, special interest aliens, we saw upwards of 500,000 illegals last summer, a subset of 50,000-plus children, those are very sophisticated networks. These organizations are well financed, they are highly adaptive, and it doesn't take a lot of imagination to think the same network that could move cocaine could move, you know, a component to a weapon of mass destruction or something else. They can move an Ebola patient. You name it. The networks are sophisticated.    You know, my boss sometimes makes analogies. It is like a FedEx operation. So when you think about the maritime interdiction of drugs and cocaine is what we are specifically talking about here, you know, we can get the bulk loads of 3,000 kilos, you know, upwards of 7,000 pounds in one seizure at sea, when that ship offloads that to a couple of fast boats off of Guatemala or Mexico and it gets into the land border and gets broken down into small loads and coming across the border in the grille of a car in a 50-kilo load, our ability to stop that is very, very low at that point.    When you interdict it at sea, there is no violence associated with that removal of 7,000 pounds of cocaine. When that cocaine hits the landmass, there is a lot of violence associated with that. There is a lot of graft and corruption associated with that, so the effectiveness is exponentially greater when we can push that border out and take that, you know, law enforcement endgame into the maritime domain.    Admiral Schultz. Good afternoon, Congressman, and so good to see you, and thanks for your support of the men and women in JIATF South. I know you were down there as recently as April here.    Admiral Schultz. I would say in terms of the shift to the Caribbean, we have seen a shift in recent years here. I think, A, that shift is attributable to some of the successes we have had along the Central American corridor. Writ large, about 80 percent of the cocaine that comes out of the Indian Ridge destined towards the United States comes through the central corridor, Central American corridor, some in the Pacific, some in the western Caribbean, but as we have had successes there, as we partnered with the Hondurans, their maritime shield, I think it is the balloon effect. You know, the squeeze of the balloon in that region has pushed some more activity to the eastern Caribbean route there, so we are aware of that.    I think at the end of the day when you are dealing with a finite number of ships, and you know, the Coast Guard currently in this fiscal year had 6 ships--6.2 ships committed to the whole JIATF mission set here, that is across the EASTPAC and the Caribbean. The Navy has had one ship. So you are taking seven ships on a good day, maybe some partnerships, and you are spreading them around, you know, we put some energy towards--at the JIATF, we put some energy in that eastern Caribbean route, but when, you know, you are in the teens, percentagewise, versus knowing 80 percent of it's moving in either side of the Central American isthmus there, it is sort of a--it is sort of their decision.    But that said, there's a lot of challenges in Puerto Rico with increasing violence. Puerto Rico has a homicide rate five times that of here in the States. Domestically it is about 5 per 100,000 people. I think it is 25 per 100,000 there, weapons coming in. So we are very in tune with that. The Coast Guard has been working Operation Unified Resolve there, and I will defer to Admiral Michel for specifics there, but as we at the Southern Command are working with the new DHS joint task force, working with other participants there, working with NORTHCOM, because NORTHCOM really, from a geographic combatant commander standpoint, knows the Puerto Rico region, we are looking at how do we bring some energy to that challenge.    Politically, that has been a very hot area, so we are aware of that. So there is success there, and there is challenge there, and we are trying to attenuate that with a finite amount of bandwidth.    Admiral Schultz. Sir----    Admiral Schultz . All day. Any ship, Coast Guard ship, Navy ship, is value add for the equation.    Admiral Schultz. Congressman, the only thing I would add to that, you know, the pivot to the Pacific obviously is the demand signal there. I think there is also sort of the perfect storm of the decommission of the fast frigates from a budgetary standpoint. The Perry-class frigates, the last one is on patrol today. Once that ship finishes up her current JIATF patrol, we won't see any frigates here for the foreseeable future.    The LCSs, littoral combat ships, which have been renamed the frigates, will probably not come to the SOUTHCOM AOR for 3 to 5 years here, given that pivot to the Pacific and the rate of recapitalization.    Admiral Schultz. Well, I would say from the SOUTHCOM commander's perspective, you know, capacity is the spigot, you know. We still operate with that 16 number that Admiral Michel talked about, three large cutters, which would be, you know, your National Security Cutter, your former High Endurance Cutters or maybe a cruiser, destroyer from the Navy. And 13, those would be your to be built OPCs, currently the Medium Endurance Cutters; those were the Perry-class frigates.    So, at the end of the day, it is about capacity from a SOUTHCOM perspective. And, you know, that ship with a helicopter, with the ability to launch a small boat, the ability to move around agilely within the AOR, which translates to a Coast Guard cutter, a Navy ship, some of our high-end partners, you know, you associate a number about 20 million--or 20 metric tons, as Admiral Michel talked about. It is a math equation.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. I certainly don't want to get anybody in trouble here, but is there a way that you can carefully answer the question about, you have got a major loss of connectivity here. Again, heaping missions upon you, setting targets that I am confident if you were properly capitalized, you could achieve, yet they aren't providing the resources for you to actually do that. Where do you see the lack of connectivity here?    Admiral Schultz. Well, I think, sir, the lack of connectivity is clearly budgetarily related. I think where we focus our efforts at Southern Command, I think where the Coast Guard does is, you know, how do you work as smart as possible within the workspace you have while you wait for the recapitalization of new ships?    You know, we look at a resource like the Joint STARS, which flies maritime patrol capability. One Joint STARS flight equates to about 10 P-3 flights. It can surveil that much ocean on one mission here. We will fly that sometimes in conjunction with a B-52 or another type of bomber. Sometimes they will fly solely. We could fly a Joint STAR on the Caribbean base, and they could actually see traffic in the eastern Pacific.    So there's the capacity piece on the surface side, which I talked about. There's other ways to, you know, stay in the game and work smarter with what you have here and pray for better days for more ships to come to the future. I would tell you, there is no bigger advocate to endorse the Coast Guard's recapitalization needs because of the challenges we have. And, again, it is transnational organized crime.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Sure.    Admiral Schultz. We can take the discussion down to just drugs, but it is about regional stability. And the Coast Guard presence down there, the Navy ships with LEDETs , they are all about, you know, bringing some sanity to that challenge there.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. So you said it is Admiral Michel's fault?    Admiral Schultz. Congressman, you said that, not me. I may need to go back and work for the Coast Guard.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. No, Admiral, look, I just want to be clear. Every hearing that we have, I think that a number of us are going to continue to pound that theme. There is a lack of connectivity here. You are being tasked with missions--we described you as a Swiss Army knife at the HASC hearing in regard to all the missions that are being heaped upon you. You are not being capitalized. There is a loss of connectivity between the work that you are being tasked with and the resources of the capitalization that you are being given.    You have got a great workforce. The men and women of the Coast Guard--and I will put my oil spill comments aside for just a minute--are some great people that work incredibly hard. And I am confident, if given the proper resources, they could hit the targets that you put in place.    I just want to make sure that you are continuing to beat the drum up your chain of command. We obviously are continuing to do the same thing. I am looking forward to the appropriations bill when it comes to the floor because I think we have got some priorities that need to be addressed.    Let me ask you one last question. The chairman and Congressman Sanford both addressed the issue of when you have open lanes, you can send anything through them, whether it is aliens, whether it is drugs, whether it is a terrorist or weapons or what have you. I assume you would agree with that?    Admiral Schultz. And, Congressman, one thing the DEA has said publicly, I think it is 27 of 54 known terrorist organizations have proven links through drug trafficking. So there is clearly that nexus of, you know, transnational organized crime, illicit drug trafficking, and the potential for more nefarious activities.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Sir. Thank you all very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Admiral Schultz. Congressman, I think when we had the conversation about the violence, the judges, you know, I think for my boss, General Kelly, when he is down there talking to the CHODs , the ministers of defense, the MODs, I think there is a certain level of credibility here, you know, when they look at him and say: Well, General, your country is legalizing marijuana. You know, how committed are you to this fight here? You know, we have got our frontline men and women, whether that is law enforcement folks, whether that is their military because they have to bring their military to establish some security, it creates a bit of a credibility gap that the U.S. Government is truly committed to the fight.    Admiral Schultz. And I think Congressman, you know, when you look at that convergence, I think if you look to Latin America, you know, within South America, you have upwards of 75, 80 cultural centers, Iranian cultural centers. I think you have a Lebanese Hezbollah center of gravity there where I think there is indications that they are raising tens of thousands, you know, tens of millions of dollars there. You know, is it just fundraising and money that goes back to Libya? You know, do they have other activities afoot? You know, do we have any connection to IJO type activities?    You know, I think, we watch that. And one of our challenges at SOUTHCOM is we get a fairly small percentage of the overall DOD ISR. So our challenge is, we don't know what we don't know. But with what we have, we try to, you know, stay aware of the transnational organized crime, but we are also paying attention to, you know, what threats on the counterterrorism front are potentially, you know, to our southern flank there.