    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, you began your questioning by showing us three film clips, and in that third film clip where the discussion was ``you crush above, you crush below, and you get the part that you want in between,'' and this was all done under sonographic guidance, I would just ask, Mr. Chairman, I do want the committee, the subcommittee, to make an effort to retrieve any ultrasound electronic media that may have been created during the performance of these procedures because I believe it could be instructive to the subcommittee to actually have that.    Dr. Yoest, let me just ask you. Is your organization affiliated with the Texas--is there a Texas organization that is an adjunct of yours? Texas Alliance for Life, is that associated with you?    Mr. Burgess. OK.    Mr. Chairman, I do want to submit for the record an article that discusses the Texas Alliance for Life. This is a PolitiFact article where the leader of the Texas Alliance for Life asserts that funding for women's health is actually at an all-time high in the State of Texas.    His statement was taken to task by PolitiFact. And as we know, they tend to be relatively left leaning. But the conclusion--and I do want to submit the entire article to the committee--the statement that was made that in Texas funding of women's health services is at historically high levels. And they have just increased their level another $50 million for the next 2 years.    And, again, Texas lawmakers this year voted to appropriate more for women's health services than before, including a $50 million bump. And I would just parenthetically add, it was my State senator, Senator Jane Nelson, who is the chairwoman of the Senate Finance Committee, who was responsible for that $50 million bump.    But the bottom line on this PolitiFact article is, ``We rate this claim to be true.'' And again, PolitiFact is not always friendly to conservative causes.    Mr. Burgess. Now, Mr. Mattox, Mr. Green has been talking about a report from the Health and Human Services Commission from January of 2013. Do you have that report? Are you familiar with that?    Mr. Burgess. And I guess that I am confused, because Mr. Green is sort of outlining a case where Texas is in pretty dire straits as far as being able to provide services, and, gosh, if we go after any one dime in Planned Parenthood funding it is going to create all kinds of havoc in the State of Texas.    But this article or this report that he is referencing, here is the conclusion: ``Overall, the Texas Women's Health Program patient capacity survey results are positive. In most areas, the survey found that the State has the capacity to serve even more women in 2013.'' Remember, this was done in response to the fact that Governor Perry in 2011 said we are not giving any money to Planned Parenthood.    ``Capacity was especially robust in the Rio Grande Valley, San Antonio, Houston, Austin, and the Abilene areas. The survey identified one area, San Angelo, where there was likely a capacity deficit.'' But it is not really--the tenor of the report is not exactly that which was portrayed by the ranking member of the subcommittee.    So do you have any thoughts on this report that has been talked about at some length today and what the state of these services are in the State of Texas?    Mr. Burgess. It is an interesting point and one that I, again, I think does deserve further study by this subcommittee. And I hope we have an opportunity to do that.    But let me just ask you: Is it really that unusual for CMS to withhold funding in an area where they think something is amiss? Is this really a drastic departure from any normal behavior by CMS?    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Burgess. Mr. Chairman, I have a unanimous consent request.    Mr. Burgess. So the Texas Women's Health Program Provider Survey: Patient Capacity Report, January 7, 2013, from the State of Texas; National Review, ``What Texas PolitiFact Won't Admit About the State's Defunding of Planned Parenthood''; and the Daily Signal, ``If Planned Parenthood Loses Government Funding, Here's a Map of Healthcare Clinics That Could Take its Place.''