    Mr. Elbon. Thank you, Chairman Babin, Ranking Member Edwards, Chairman Smith, members of the Committee. On behalf of the Boeing Company, thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    Our Nation is on a journey to put humans on Mars. Sometimes I think those words roll off our tongue too easily. I'm trained as an engineer, and I often don't feel I have the capability to articulate with the enthusiasm and awe that those words deserve.    If you know where to look in the sky, you can find Mars, and it's a small dot. When you're there and looking back, Earth will be a small dot, and we're going there. This is an incredible feat.    Our longest missions to date have been around a year. The mission to Mars will be at least three years long. The largest payload we've landed on Mars to date is just under a ton. To put humans on the surface of Mars, we'll need to be able to land 20 to 30 tons.    We've traveled to low-Earth orbit and to the Moon, where communications delays are up to three seconds. On the journey to Mars, communication delays will be over 40 minutes. And when the Mars and the Earth are on opposite sides of the sun, there will be a blackout for a period of two weeks. We must learn to operate in space without constant monitoring and control capability from the ground.    These challenges are difficult, but solving difficult challenges is what our Nation's human spaceflight is focused on since its inception.    The key to meeting these challenges is to attack them in phases, first by developing the necessary technologies close to home in low-Earth orbit aboard the International Space Station. Second, by developing systems based on these technologies and validating them in a proving ground in the area around the Moon. We refer to this area as cislunar. And then once these systems are proven safe and reliable, using them to accomplish our greatest achievement as humans to date: putting humans on Mars.    We're making great progress through our work aboard the International Space Station. In addition to breakthrough scientific discoveries on ISS, we're learning to live for long periods of time in space and developing reliable systems such as life support systems that are necessary. This work needs to continue for the next decade or so when we will be well underway on the next step.    The next step, of course, is to put a habitat, an outpost, if you will, in the vicinity of the Moon. This habitat will not only support validation of the capabilities we need to make the long journey to Mars but can also enable private industry or international partners to descend to the lunar surface. Asteroids could be returned to that outpost for scientific investigation, perhaps mining. Commercial resupply vehicles can be contracted for logistic support. And telerobotic exploration of the far side of the Moon can be conducted from this outpost.    The primary objective of taking the next step to cislunar is to validate we're ready to go to Mars, but being there will enable a whole suite of exciting activities.    There is currently an ongoing dialog around the model that ought to be used for the procurement of this habitation capability. Habitation developed for use in cislunar will be expanded for use during the journey to Mars and could also be used at least in part for a low-Earth orbit vehicle after retirement of the International Space Station.    As the leader of programs operating under both public-private partnerships such as Commercial Crew and cost-plus development contracts such as International Space Station and the Space Launch System, I've seen the advantages and challenges of both models. I look forward to discussing these as well as diving deeper into why cislunar is the next-step destination during our discussion today.    I'll close by asking you to consider this: somewhere in the world is a student about 10 to 20 years old, probably studying math or science, and that student will be the first person to set foot on Mars. In my view, that's amazing to think about.    Thank you very much, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Elbon. I think they covered it. The best solutions that we know of take a lot of weight so we have to work through that whole scenario.    Mr. Elbon. I would add a thought to that. I think it is a critical and important thing that we develop a habitat capability in cislunar that is evolvable to be the Mars transit capability. That means that it's going to need to grow and become more robust as it takes on that larger mission. To some degree, that's counter to moving the other way, which is bringing that habitat down to low-Earth orbit. I'll use an example. When we started the development of the Starliner, the commercial capsule, the first requirement I wrote across the top of the board was, it will go nowhere but LEO, and the reason was, because if we let things creep in there that would have it a beyond LEO, it would increase the costs and it wouldn't be a good thin got operate in a commercial environment.    So I think there's a little bit of a tension there between expecting whatever we put in cislunar to go on to Mars and also be able to serve as a basis for a future LEO station, and it's important that we consider that and work through it as we address a procurement approach for that cislunar capability.    Mr. Elbon. Thank you. Let's see. We're concerned about that, even though the legislation that's being discussed doesn't necessarily target civil space uses, reduction in flight rate for the Atlas V, which CST-100 flies on, and other users, by the way, fly on as well to Space Station, reduction in flight rate could increase the cost of that, and eventually be an impact. So we're hopeful that that doesn't happen, that it's able to keep flying and then the flight rate as planned will allow us to continue to use that for the Starliner as planned.    Mr. Elbon. I'm not sure. If we knew, we would probably get it out there. The point is, I think we need to focus on developing demand for activities in low-Earth orbit. We've done a good job of developing capability, and by that, I mean the ability to transport cargo and crew there, and we have destination, the Space Station, and talk of future destinations. We're very good at providing the supply. We need to work on the demand, users with money willing to spend on space. Today we have users willing to spend order of magnitude hundreds of thousands of dollars to do research or other activities in space, and to really have a commercial market, we have to generate revenue in the order of magnitude of at least a billion or two to support activities like that. So I think there's a real effort needed to be working on the demand side of that whole equation.    Mr. Elbon. I would like to add----    Mr. Elbon. --a couple of points. You know, the public-private partnership has worked really well for Commercial Cargo, and I think we'll find that it'll work really well for Commercial Crew. It's important, I think, to remember that that mission is a mission we've been doing since we put John Glenn in orbit over 50 years ago, well understood the risk postures, understood the technologies there to do it, and so companies were able with some very top-level NASA requirements to develop solutions to do that mission.    We're now going beyond low-Earth orbit into deep space, the area around the Moon, and we haven't done as much there. The requirements aren't understood. I think NASA needs to stay in the middle of those requirements because this thing is going to evolve into what goes to Mars. And so it's real important that we look at the differences in the mission and the whole situation and not look at everything as a nail because we've got a hammer here.    Mr. Elbon. Yeah, I'll start. I was asked in the Human to Mars panel this morning what the biggest tent pole was for us getting to Mars, and my response was just about what you said, and that is, we need to get on a path and stay on that path, and it has to survive several Administrations, you know, in a couple decades here. So I think we have to be careful not to be distracted by other ideas, not to invest in one path and then switch to another path. So the answer I would give is as soon as we can we need to nail down the architecture and the approach and then stay on that path, keep it funded, and that will allow us to get to Mars at lower cost and a lower schedule than switching back and forth.    Mr. Elbon. Yeah, one of the building blocks of the architecture is a solar electric capability that would be used to accelerate on the way to Mars and then after you're halfway there you can decelerate, and that is a very efficient kind of propulsion system from a mass perspective, and as Mr. Crusan was talking, it's a big part of what will come out of the Asteroid Retrieval Mission, so we'll have that capability. It's important for us to be able to do the mission.    Mr. Elbon. Well, it will take a lot of--not a lot. In addition to that, we'll need cryopropulsion, and that gets into technologies of being able to store the cryo, maybe not just cry but at least chemical propulsion to allow us to make the initial increase in Delta V to get away from the Moon and on the way back from Mars as well.