    Mr. Murphy. Good morning. We are here for the subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations for the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a hearing called ``Examining the U.S. Public Health Response to the Zika virus.''    This morning we'll be examining this other public health crisis affecting the Western Hemisphere, that Zika virus. This virus of mosquito-borne pathogen is currently rampaging through South and Central America, and in total has spread to more than 48 countries and territories.    While as of late February there have been no known locally-acquired mosquito-borne cases reported in the Continental U.S., over 100 travel-associated Zika virus cases have been identified in over 20 states. Outside of the 50 states local mosquito-borne transmissions have been reported in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and American Samoa. Public health officials in the U.S. are bracing for the time when Zika passes from a traveler with Zika in his or her blood to a local mosquito, and then to another person.    Only about one and five people with Zika infection exhibit symptoms, most of which are mild and flu-like. Of greater concern is growing evidence of a link between Zika infection and microcephaly, a congenital birth defect in infants born to infected mothers, as well as Guillain-Barre Syndrome, an immune disorder that can result in temporary paralysis. On this basis, the World Health Organization recently declared Zika a public health emergency of international concern.    The virus may also be transmitted through blood transfusions and sex, leaving the Center for Disease Control to issue interim guidelines for prevention of sexual transmission, and the Food and Drug Administration to take steps to reduce the risk to the U.S. blood supply.    Thus far, there has been only one reported case in the U.S. of a child born with microcephaly to a mother with travel-associated Zika virus. However, other pregnant American women have become infected with Zika. Our understanding of how the virus may impact a developing child during pregnancy is nearly non-existent. We can, however, reasonably assume that a virus affecting development of the brain on a large scale leading to microcephaly in the first trimester will also impact significant developmental functions for infants, toddlers, and children exposed to the Zika virus. These include my concerns for developmental disorders of difficulty with learning, primary sensory and sensory integration, memory, attention, concentration, behavior, mood, language, motor, and others.    Given all of the unknowns the importance of acting now to protect pregnant women and women of reproductive age from exposure to Zika virus cannot be overstated. However, we must be equally concerned with protecting infants and children with developing brains and not wait 5 to 10 years for symptoms to appear before we take action to protect, to track, and to treat.    To help prepare for and respond to Zika, the Administration recently requested Congress provide over $1.8 billion in emergency funding. The request includes support to states, U.S. territories, the International Community for Mosquito Control, virus testing, and expanding surveillance and response activities. It also supports efforts to build upon existing resources to develop a vaccine for Zika.    While the Administration's request has worthy aims, it's one-off emergency funding approach like the $6 billion for Ebola emergency funding demonstrates a reactionary posture towards public health preparedness rather than a strategic one. We want a strategic posture.    On February 12th, this subcommittee held a hearing examining the federal government's preparedness for biological threats focused on the finding of the Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense. The panel concluded that the federal government is ill prepared to handle future biological threats, an alarming conclusion because since 2002 infectious disease outbreaks, epidemics, and pandemics have emerged with increasing frequency, and Zika is just the latest example of this trend.    The Administration's response to Zika raises very serious questions. There are no commercially available diagnostic tests for Zika, nor has a vaccine been developed. In the absence of these measures, mosquito control is the nation's critical defense. However, mosquito control in the U.S. is a patchwork of 700 mosquito abatement districts depending on the state, county, and city funding and personnel with varying capabilities. This unorganized hodgepodge could leave the U.S. vulnerable to a rapid outbreak of Zika. The Administration has not explained how its emergency request will address issues with vector control. We want to work with the Administration to solve that problem.    Public Health Departments and the CDC are using two Zika diagnostic tests only available for U.S. labs. As the Government Accountability Office testimony makes clear, these tests have serious limitations, including the ability to either detect Zika or to be able to distinguish Zika from other viruses.    In addition, the confirmatory testing for Zika detection is used only by CDC and a few labs, is cumbersome and not suitable for screening a large number of individuals. This very limited capacity for confirmatory testing is very troubling when we consider the expected surge and the demand for Zika testing as we reach the warmer months. Again, the Administration must explain its plan to address this testing capacity issue.    Once again as with Ebola, we are assured that Zika will not be a significant problem in the U.S., and while Dr. Anthony Fauci of NIH has stated that it is unlikely the U.S. will have a major Zika outbreak, other experts differ. In his written testimony to this committee, Dr. Peter Hotez of Baylor School of Medicine notes the experience of Texas showed a Dengue outbreak occurred in the poorest areas of Houston and other Gulf Coast cities vulnerable to Zika.    This morning we'll be taking testimony from a panel of federal witnesses and experts, including the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response at HHS, the Director of CDC, the Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at NIH, the Acting Chief Scientists of FDA, as well as the Chief Scientist of the GAO. Welcome. We will then hear from a second panel featuring specialists in tropical and maternal fetal medicine, mosquito control, and global health law.    I want to thank all our witnesses for joining us this morning and look forward to hearing your testimonies.    I now recognize, since Ms. DeGette is not here, we're promoting her to the Ranking Member Pro Tempe of the subcommittee, Ms. Castor of Florida, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Now we'll take Mr. Upton's testimony, and for the record recognize Dr. Burgess for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Anybody else on our side wish to take any time? If not, Mr. Pallone on his way but what we'll do is we will begin our testimony, or begin that process. When he comes in, we may interrupt after one of you speak.    Let me introduce the panel, start off with this. We have Dr. Nicole Lurie, Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response with the Department of Health and Human Services; Dr. Thomas Frieden, Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of the National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases at NIH; Doctor, is it Luciano or Luciana?    Mr. Murphy. Luciana Borio, Acting Chief Scientist at FDA; and Dr. Timothy Persons, Chief Scientist at the U.S. Government Accountability Office. Welcome everyone for being here.    You're aware that the committee is holding an investigative hearing and when so doing has the practice of taking testimony under oath. Do any of you have any objections to taking testimony under oath? Seeing no objections, the Chair then advises you that under the rules of the House and the rules of the committee you're entitled to be advised by counsel. Do any of you desire to be advised by counsel during your testimony today?    Mr. Murphy. No one wants that, so in that case would you all please rise, raise your right hand. I'll swear you in.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. You are now all under oath and subject to the penalties set forth in Title 18, Section 1001 of the United States Code. We'll have you give a 5-minute opening statement. Mr. Pallone, do you want to give yours now or do you want to wait until we do some of the panel? We can go right to your opening statement.    Mr. Murphy. Well, let's make a smooth transition. If you're ready, we'll do that now, and then I'll call on Dr. Lurie. We just did the swearing in so you're aware of what we did. So Mr. Pallone is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Now we'll go and proceed with the testimony. We'll start with you, Dr. Lurie. You know how this works; watch your lights and try and keep it at 5 minutes.    Thank you very much. You may proceed. ADMINISTRATION; TIMOTHY PERSONS, Ph.D., CHIEF SCIENTIST, U.S.     Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Dr. Lurie.    Now, Dr. Frieden, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Dr. Frieden.    Dr. Fauci, you're recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Dr. Fauci.    Dr. Borio, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Dr. Borio.    Now, Dr. Persons is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Persons. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ms. Castor, and members of the subcommittee. I'm pleased to be here today to discuss GAO's preliminary observations on Zika virus disease. I'll summarize our findings of the four topics you asked us to examine; specifically, one, the epidemiology and transmission of Zika including what's known about its link to microcephaly and neurological diseases. Two, the current diagnostic and testing methods for Zika. Three, the methods for mosquito control. And, four, the proposed federal research agenda as it relates to Zika virus and disease.    With regard to epidemiology and transmission, while several countries noted over here on this graphic have reported outbreaks of Zika virus disease, unanswered questions remain regarding the epidemiology and transmission of the disease. Accurate information on the incidents of Zika is lacking. Five primary reasons for this are first, about 80 percent of persons who are infected do not show clinical symptoms resulting in potentially significant underestimation of the true incidence of infection. Second, since many of the remaining 20 percent of those who manifest clinical symptoms may not go to a physician because the symptoms are mild, the true incidence of disease is potentially significantly under-reported. Third, an accurate count of the number of cases of Zika virus disease requires a consistent standardized international case definition; however, at the moment different countries have different definitions, thus complicating epidemiological analysis and research. Fourth, on February 1st of this year the World Health Organization acknowledged that there was no international standard surveillance case definition for microcephaly. Problems with changing case definitions, lack of sufficient information on underlying causes of brain pathology, and lack of baseline data make it difficult to accurately determine the increase of microcephaly in Brazil, and how much stems from the Zika virus. And fifth, the lack of approved diagnostic tests complicates our understanding of the virus and may hinder our response to the current outbreak.    With regard to detection and testing, currently no commercially available test exists for Zika, as the Chairman pointed out. The FDA recently issued an emergency use authorization for an antibody-based test for the Zika virus; however, the main limitation is the inability to differentiate between infection with Zika and infection with other closely related flaviviruses such as dengue. Since closely related flaviviruses such as dengue may also be present in regions where Zika has broken out, the use of this test could incorrectly identify non-Zika virus associated infections, thus risking extra burden on laboratory and health care systems, and distorting epidemiological analyses.    With regard to mosquito control, because Zika virus disease cannot yet be prevented by drugs or vaccines, controlling the vector remains a critical factor in mitigating the spread of the virus, and hence disease. GAO identified three categories of mosquito control. First, standing water treatment. Second, insecticides. And third, emerging technologies.    The WHO determined that maintaining vector control after a disease subsides is complicated by dwindling resources. In the United States, vector control methods are under state and local jurisdictions which determine the method to use by local needs and factors. Emerging control technologies include the use of biologicals, genetically modified mosquitoes, and auto dissemination traps. According to the scientific literature these technologies show some promise in studies and field trials but would need to be part of an overarching integrated mosquito control strategy.    With regard to the federal research agenda, the NIH and CDC have identified several high priority areas for research; for example, linkages between Zika and microcephaly, improving diagnostic tests and vaccine development. Efforts in these areas are necessarily ambitious but agencies may face challenges in implementing this agenda. For example, given the number of known cases in the U.S. is so few, NIH and CDC may have to rely on the cooperation of other countries to account for a sufficient number of cases to carry on the proposed research. However, data from other countries may differ because of differing definitions of Zika virus disease and microcephaly.    Turning to vaccine development, NIH officials told us that given their experience with the development of a vaccine for dengue fever, a vaccine for Zika could be ready in 3 to 4 years. Zika virus disease poses new challenge to vaccine development testing especially on pregnant women for whom several barriers to developing and testing vaccines exist. Overcoming these barriers may extend the time for vaccine testing and approval, and the information we have from NIH in our prior work suggests that developing a Zika virus vaccine may take longer than currently anticipated.    In conclusion, GAO's past work including, for example, our recent analysis on Swine Enteric Coronavirus Disease outbreaks in pigs has shown some similarities such as a lack of validated diagnostic tests, immature mechanisms for reporting the disease and no approved vaccine. These preliminary observations on the Zika virus point to a persistent and urgent need for a proactive, agile, integrated, and coordinated set of programs in research and development including epidemiological studies, mosquito control, testing capabilities, modeling and simulation, and vaccine development, especially in light of other emerging diseases such as chikungunya and dengue which spread via the same mosquito vectors as Zika, and which also pose a risk to human health.    Mr. Chairman, Ms. Castor, members of the subcommittee, this concludes my prepared remarks. I'd be happy to respond to any questions that you or other members may have at this time. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I thank all the panel for your information. Now we'll begin questioning. I'll begin with 5 minutes myself.    Dr. Lurie, under the Pandemics and All Hazards Preparedness Act and its reauthorization, the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness response was create a lead federal official for coordinating these health emergencies. My understanding, Secretary Burwell designated you as Lead Federal Official for coordinating the response with Flint and Ebola. Am I correct?    Mr. Murphy. Has she named you the Lead Federal Official for the Zika response?    Mr. Murphy. So is that how it's going to break down, the Lead Federal Official will be Dr. Frieden, and not you, or do we----    Mr. Murphy. We just want to make sure we have some sense of how this is working out.    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Persons, what are the concerns associated with the assay recently authorized by the FDA for emergency use?    Mr. Persons. Yes, thanks, Mr. Chairman. The test is called the MAC-ELISA test. Its main concern is just its cross-reactivity with other flaviviruses, as other witnesses have pointed out. So you can tell that you have a related flavivirus but you cannot have the specificity to say you have Zika with assurance, unless or until you have the RT PCR basis to back you up and do that.    Mr. Murphy. But is all this going to put an extra burden on the labs and health care systems, and will that distort some of our analysis then if we can't fully do that?    Mr. Persons. That is, indeed, a risk to the system.    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Frieden, do you want to comment on that, too?    Mr. Murphy. So we can get a false positive if they've been exposed to dengue. Is that what happens, Dr. Borio?    Mr. Murphy. I'm aware of that, and you had elaborated this point, too. I just want to find out if we have enough capacity in our public health labs and health care system to handle what the GAO is concerned about with this emergency response. If we don't, we need to know that as Congress.    Mr. Murphy. Let me make sure I understand this. So if we're also currently trying to develop a vaccine and some people who have been exposed to Zika virus will be immune to it. And is that the avenue? I guess, Dr. Fauci, this is your area. Is that the avenue by which will help us determine a vaccine, if some people have developed their own immunity? Does that give us some other ideas of where to go with this? Am I down the right road there?    Mr. Murphy. And so where we are now, we don't have the capacity and you're asking Congress for help because we just don't have the capacity to handle this. Right, Dr. Frieden?    Mr. Murphy. And this will delay our responsiveness and detection in developing a vaccine until we get this level higher? We all agree with that?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Ms. Castor, recognize you for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Yes, just a follow-up. Would you say that Florida and Texas are probably some of our highest risk states?    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Murphy. I will then recognize the doctor from Texas to follow up there. Dr. Burgess, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. Recognize Mr. Pallone for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Now recognize Mr. Griffith for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. If you need to think about that, you can get back to him on a time. Thank you. Now recognize Ms. Clarke for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentlewoman yields back. Now recognize Mr. Hudson for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Now recognize Mr. Tonko for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Now recognize Mr. Collins for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. Now recognize Mrs. Brooks of Indiana for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Gentlewoman yields back. Now recognize Mr. Bilirakis of Florida for five minutes.    Mr. Murphy. I know we're done with this. I know Ms. Clarke has 1 minute. She'd like to ask one more question for 1 minute.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Dr. Burgess would like 1 minute.    Mr. Murphy. I want to thank this panel for your work. We have a second panel coming up here. As you know, other members may have questions for you, so I ask members to submit the questions and then please respond in a prompt manner. I'm sure we'll be following up with all of you by phone, by visits, by other hearings. This is critically important for our nation's health, so thank you so much for attending today.    And while this panel is stepping away and we're preparing the next panel to come to the table, I'll begin the introductions of Panel Two.    We have with us today Dr. Peter Hotez, the Dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor. He's also President of the Sabin Vaccine Institute and Endowed Chair in Tropical Pediatrics at Texas Children's Hospital. Second, we have Lawrence Gostin, Linda D. and Timothy J. O'Neill Professor of Global Health Law at Georgetown University Law Center. Next we have Joseph Conlon, Technical Advisor to the American Mosquito Control Association, and Dr. Jeanne Sheffield, Director of the Division of Maternal-Fetal Medicine at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. And as soon as we have our panel seated; again, it'll be Dr. Hotez, Lawrence Gostin, Joseph Conlon, and Dr. Jeanne Sheffield, I'll begin with some of the parts here.    Let me just say to the panelists, you are aware that the committee is holding an investigative hearing. When doing so it has the practice of taking testimony under oath, so if you could all please be seated, I'll swear you in. Do any of you have any objections to testifying under oath? Seeing no objections, the Chair then advises you that under the rules of the House and the rules of the committee you are entitled to be advised by counsel. Do any of you desire to be advised by counsel during testimony today? No, say no then.    In that case if you would please rise and raise your right hand, I'll swear you in.Mr. Murphy. Thank you. All the panelists have affirmed that, so now you're under oath and subject to the penalties set forth in Title 18, Section 1001 of the United States Code.    We will now ask each of you to give a 5-minute summary of your opening statement. Dr. Hotez, you are recognized first. Please make sure you're turned on, bring the mic close to you, and watch for the red light. Thank you.STATEMENT OF PETER HOTEZ, M.D., Ph.D., DEAN, NATIONAL SCHOOL OF     Mr. Murphy. Thank you, doctor. Your time has expired. We'll come back to you.    Professor Gostin, you're recognized next for five minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Professor.    Now we're going to turn to Mr. Conlon, who I also understand was an entomologist in the United States Navy for a couple of decades.    Mr. Murphy. So thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Conlon.    Dr. Sheffield, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, doctor. I'll now recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions.    First, Dr. Sheffield, has any of the medical academies or the AMA come out with any recommendations with regard to asking mothers and keep ing the record if they have traveled to any areas where Zika virus is known?    Mr. Murphy. So would you say at this point, should it be a standard that OBGYNs and pediatricians ask that question of mothers, if they have traveled to during pregnancy?    Mr. Murphy. And with regard to that, and this is whether or not they had symptoms, just if they traveled there or nearby.    Mr. Murphy. Even if in second or third trimester, of travel.    Mr. Murphy. I mean, I know myself as a psychologist, worked for many years with developmentally delayed children that there's a lot of long-term intellectual motor and sensory complications. I must admit, I'm also concerned that regardless, because we don't know yet all the route of what happened to this virus with the developing brain, that I wonder even if an infant or a young child is also infected with the Zika virus, the outcome on the brain, we simply don't know that. Am I correct?    Mr. Murphy. That's correct. I agree with you there.    Dr. Hotez, you've been critical what you call the narrative. We've been mostly hearing from the U.S. Government that the Continental U.S. is a wealthy place with few of the risk factors contributing to the rapid spread of the arbovirus infection such as Zika, dengue, and chikungunya in Latin America and the Caribbean. But as a specialist in tropical disease based in a major Gulf Coast urban center, why do you disagree with that narrative that we shouldn't worry as much?    Mr. Murphy. But even with that, I only have a minute, 50 seconds. I want to ask, and then we can look at those later. But even so, I don't know how far these mosquitoes may travel in their lifetime, get a wind. Do we have any idea? Mr. Conlon, is it miles?    Mr. Murphy. I see. And along these lines, too, does anyone know if the virus can live in the water in which they breed, and can the virus be transmitted for an adult to offspring? Just to help the American public understand this. Does anybody know?    Mr. Murphy. That's disturbing, too. In your testimony, Mr. Conlon, you also observed that malaria and yellow fever, both mosquito-borne diseases were once quite prevalent, but that today they no longer claim victims due to the efforts of the Organized Mosquito Control Agencies. How is this accomplished? And the infrastructure given is pretty disjointed. How can we improve that?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I'm out of time. Now turn to Ms. Castor for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Yes, that list is available on CDC's Web site. It's quite extensive, throughout the Caribbean, Central America, South America, Mexico. Other issues coming up, too, for the summer Olympics, as well.    Mr. Collins, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Ms. Castor, going to recognize you for an additional couple of minutes here, 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I want to follow up with a couple of questions, as well. First of all, with regard to this you're recommending, obviously, abstain from travel, abstain from other contact here. Does anyone know if airlines, and cruise ships, and travel agents are spreading that word, as well? Professor Gostin?    Mr. Murphy. Certainly advise that. Mr. Conlon, with regard to this, many times people travel to areas and then go to a resort area. One would assume that there would be some different sort of vector control there versus another part of the community. Do you have any advice on that?    Mr. Murphy. So it isn't just the matter of looking at what islands and countries to avoid, but it doesn't necessarily give me confidence that even if it is a four or five star resort that they necessarily have full vector control. And if you still go there, to use some sort of mosquito repellant, so there's multiple levels.    Mr. Murphy. OK. In your testimony you also noted the American Mosquito Control Association is currently developing guidelines specifically geared towards aegypti and albopictus. What will these guidelines focus on, and when will they be ready, and how do you see them being put to use?    Mr. Murphy. All right, thank you. Dr. Sheffield, what do we know currently about the risk of a Zika infection passing from an asymptomatic mother to a child during pregnancy? It can still happen?    Mr. Murphy. And, again, that's something the OB and the pediatricians should always in screening questions, where have you been? So how frequently should pregnant women who could have had an asymptomatic Zika infection be tested for the virus?    Mr. Murphy. And do we have the capacity to handle all those tests?    Mr. Murphy. Is it possible also for the Zika virus to be transmitted through a breast-feeding mother to her infant?    Mr. Murphy. Well, I want to thank this panel and the previous panel. This is very sobering and, quite frankly, very frightening stories we have heard today about a very real nightmare of the spread of Zika virus. And we don't have the answers yet, we don't have the tests yet, we don't have the solutions, and I don't even think we know all the consequences yet of what this does to adults, to infants, and what we'll see in the future with children, whether it is those who have been affected in utero with the virus, or those who may have been affected during early childhood, because we don't know what that could do to the developing brain, as well. So we'll monitor this very closely.    We thank you and the other panelists for your information on this. So I'd like to thank the witnesses and the members who have attended today. Thank you, Ms. Castor, for stepping in here.    I remind all members they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record. I ask that the witnesses all agree to respond promptly to the questions. And with that, this hearing is adjourned. Thank you.