    Chairman Rokita. A quorum being present, the Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education will come to order.    Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's hearing on career and technical education. I would like to thank our witnesses for joining us as we explore opportunities to better serve America's workforce.    Young adults are entering a job market today that is vastly different than the one that existed just a generation ago. Technological advances and the growth of a global economy have significantly changed the kinds of jobs available and the skills required to do them, making quality education and training vital ingredients to success in today's workplaces.    This new reality has been painfully evident in the wake of the recent recession. We are more than 6 years into the so-called recovery, yet millions of Americans continue to struggle with finding a good-paying job. Meanwhile, industries critical to our economy--health care, engineering, and manufacturing, for example--have jobs to fill and not enough qualified applicants to take them, a problem we have come to know as the skills gap.    Recognizing the urgent need to close the gap and put Americans back to work, Republicans and Democrats came together last Congress to fix a broken and outdated job training system. The bipartisan, bicameral effort resulted in what we call the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, a commonsense solution to modernize and improve the Federal workforce development system. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act will help workers obtain skills for 21st century jobs and cultivate a modern workforce that evolving American businesses truly need.    But we still have more work to do. By reauthorizing the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act, we have an opportunity to help even more Americans, especially younger Americans, to enter the workforce with the tools and knowledge necessary to compete in the high-skilled, in-demand jobs of our economy--in short, to compete in a 21st century world and win. Last reauthorized in 2006, the law provides Federal support for State and local programs focused on preparing high school and community college students for technical careers.    Now, unfortunately, many of these career and technical education programs have not kept pace with the changing workforce. In a report released by the Counsel for Chief State School Officers, education leaders explained that, quote, ``Career education in too many of our secondary schools reflects an outdated model that tolerates low expectations and is often misaligned with the evolving needs of the current labor market.''    With more than 14 percent of young adults unemployed and the highest level of unfilled jobs since 2001, it's no wonder States have started to take action. My home State of Indiana, for example, is partnering with local businesses to develop a new high school curriculum that better meets the needs of local communities and ensures that students are prepared to enter high-skilled jobs right after earning their diploma.    As Governor Mike Pence testified at a hearing here earlier this year, quote, ``For those students who are not bound for the traditional 4-year college, we must still ensure that they can thrive in future careers. And one way to do this is to again make career and technical education a priority,'' unquote.    By working with the private sector to develop resources for successful career and technical education programs, Indiana has made incredible gains over the last 2 years. The State has helped thousands of hard-working Hoosiers join the workforce and attracted more good-paying jobs for people in our communities. It's our hope that the success we've experienced in Indiana not only continues for our State, but is replicated across the country.    The goal at the Federal level and what we are here to discuss today is how to ensure investment in these State and local efforts is paying off for students that we all aim to serve. To help reach that goal, we should consider reforms that encourage States to align high school and postsecondary course work with the needs of the workforce. This will require a look at existing Federal requirements, many of which, in my opinion, are duplicative and can hinder State and local efforts to development and implement their own successful programs.    Helping Americans compete and succeed in today's workforce remains one of the committee's leading priorities, and today's discussion is an important part of that effort. I look forward to hearing from our panel of witnesses as we work to improve the Perkins Act and strengthen support for young Americans as they enter the workforce.    And before I recognize my friend Ranking Member Fudge, I would like to note that one of our witnesses today, Dr. Douglas Major, is a resident of Stillwater, Oklahoma. On Saturday, the people of Stillwater and the surrounding communities were celebrating Oklahoma State University's homecoming when a driver crashed into the homecoming parade. This terrible tragedy injured more than 40 individuals and killed four others.    Dr. Major, or behalf of this committee, I want to extend my deepest sympathies to you, the people of Stillwater, and the entire Oklahoma State University community. We pray for the recovery of those who remain hospitalized and in critical condition, and we lift up our thoughts and prayers to the victims and their families.    Chairman Rokita. And thank you for being able to continue to be with us today.    I now would like to recognize Ranking Member Fudge for her opening remarks.    Chairman Rokita. Without objection.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you, Ranking Member Fudge.    Pursuant to Committee Rule 7(c), all members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record. And without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow such statements and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted for the official hearing record.    Chairman Rokita. I will now turn to the introduction of our distinguished witnesses.    First off, Dr. Deneece Huftalin is the president of the Salt Lake Community College in Salt Lake City, Utah. SLCC is a comprehensive community college serving more than 60,000 students, including approximately 29,000 CTE students. SLCC works with school districts in the Salt Lake City area to ensure CTE programs offered by those institutions put students on track for high-wage, high-demand jobs. As president, Dr. Huftalin works closely with industry leaders to strengthen SLCC's responsiveness to workforce needs.    Welcome.    Next, Dr. Douglas Major is the superintendent and CEO of Meridian Technology Center in Stillwater, Oklahoma. The center provides customized education and training services for individuals, industries, and communities. The center partners with local business to align its curriculum with business needs and works with local high schools and 2-year colleges to ensure students may receive credit towards both a high school diploma and an associate's degree. Dr. Major is a past president of the Association for Career and Technical Education and has served on the Oklahoma Employment Security Commission.    Welcome, again.    Dr. Irelene Ricks is director of Diversity in Life Science Programs with Keystone Symposia on Molecular and Cellular Biology here in Washington. Dr. Ricks oversees the Keystone Symposia's Fellows program, the Underrepresented Scholarship and Early-Career Investigator Travel Award programs, and additional mentoring programs that take place in connection with Keystone Symposia's life science research conferences. She has served as a grants administrator at Howard University and a policy analyst for the White House Office of Management and Budget.    Welcome.    Mr. Tim Johnson is director of government relations with the National Center for Construction Education and Research in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The National Center for Construction Education and Research works with the construction industry to create standardized training and credentialing programs for the industry. In addition to his work with NCCER, Mr. Johnson has worked as the director of training for the Associated Builders & Contractors.    Welcome to you.    I will now ask our witnesses to stand and raise your right hand.    Chairman Rokita. Let the record reflect that the witnesses have answered all in the affirmative.    And you may be seated.    Before I recognize you to provide your testimony, let me briefly explain our lighting system. You each have 5 minutes to present your testimony. And just like the traffic lights, when 1 minute is left the light will turn yellow. I'm not sure a traffic light stays yellow for a minute, but you get the point.    I can say something about my spouse and traffic.    When your time has expired, the light will turn red. At that point, I'll ask you to wrap up your remarks as best you are able. Members will each have 5 minutes to ask questions of you then.    So we'll start with Dr. Huftalin. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you for your testimony.    Dr. Major.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you, Doctor.    Dr. Ricks, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you, Doctor.    Mr. Johnson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you, Mr. Johnson. I appreciate that.    Let me start the subcommittee's questioning session by recognizing the chairman of the full Committee of Education and the Workforce, the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. John Kline.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentleman.    Ranking Member Scott, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired.    The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentleman.    Ranking Member Fudge, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentlewoman.    The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 minutes, Mr. Carter.    Chairman Rokita. The gentleman's time has expired. I thank the gentleman for his time.    Ms. Bonamici, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentlelady.    The gentleman from Wisconsin is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. The gentleman's time has expired.    Thank the gentleman.    Chairman Rokita. Mr. Takano, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. The gentleman's time has expired. I thank the gentleman.    The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. The gentleman yields back.    Ms. Clark, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. The gentlelady's time has expired.    The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. The gentlemen yields back. I thank the gentleman.    Mrs. Davis, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you. The gentlelady's time has expired.    I'll now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    I appreciate everyone's leadership and the testimony and trying to encapsulate it all here at the end.    I guess one question I still have, and then I want to yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania who's going to follow up on the parental engagement centers and maybe some other things, is I heard about best practices. I heard about things that are going right. I heard about things are needed more. Teach the teacher programs and guidance counselor education, and that kind of thing. But I'm not hearing that Perkins is prohibiting that specifically, right? So this is a hearing that's ahead of us writing a bill that's going to reauthorize it.    So I'd be remiss--it's not that I'm looking for more work, we have enough problems that present themselves quite fully already--but I'd be remiss if I didn't get you all on record to say, hey, what's not working in Perkins, or what can be changed, maybe the focus on the State plan, or anything, the requirements there or the fact that you have to do two State plans versus maybe one. Any suggestions? Thirty seconds only each, please, if you have anything to add.    Dr. Huftalin.    Chairman Rokita. Great. Thank you, Doctor.    Dr. Major.    Chairman Rokita. And who gets to define that?    Chairman Rokita. So the states could define high quality individually?    Chairman Rokita. And that's okay with you, Dr. Huftalin, given your previous comment?    Chairman Rokita. Does that include definitions?    Chairman Rokita. Okay. See, you're making our job harder. I love it.    Dr. Ricks?    Chairman Rokita. Would you put specifics in writing to us after the hearing?    Chairman Rokita. Thank you so much.    Chairman Rokita. Mr. Johnson, in about 30 seconds.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you, Mr. Johnson. You made up for going over all those other times. I appreciate it.    I yield the rest of my 2 minutes, 8 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.    Chairman Rokita. The gentleman's time has expired. The gentleman yields back. The gentleman's time has expired.    I thank the witnesses again for their testimony.    And, Ms. Fudge, you're recognized for closing remarks.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentlelady, and I echo the gentlelady's comments.    In closing, I want to thank our witnesses again. And I appreciate, I really do, your leadership and what you're doing for Americans' future, our best asset, our children and our students.    And with that, seeing no further business before the committee, this hearing adjourned.