    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.    Welcome, Mr. Secretary.    I will ask about Iran, Cuba, Venezuela, and the Palestinians.    You testified in the Senate yesterday that, ``The policy is Iran will not get a nuclear weapon.'' However, last month your deputy, Tony Blinken, testified that the deal being negotiated is meant only to constrain Iran's breakout capabilities. So which one is it? Constraining or eliminating?    And if the deal is to truly prevent Iran from ever acquiring a nuclear weapon, then why are we allowing Iran to enrich, to keep some of their stockpiles and centrifuges?    Your agreement is based on the assumption that we can verify if Iran cheats, but the Defense Science Board and former CIA Director, General Hayden, have stated that our capability to detect Iran's undeclared or covert nuclear sites is either inadequate or does not exist. So can we catch when Iran cheats? And when they do cheat--not if, but when--what consequences will Iran suffer?    And a report surfaced yesterday, as the chairman said, of an undeclared Iranian enrichment site. What information can you share about this new site? And how will this development impact the negotiations?    On Cuba, Mr. Secretary, yesterday in the Senate you said, ``The change that we are making we believe actually assists the United States to be able to promote the democracy and the rights that we want for the people of Cuba.''    However, a Cuban spy, Josefina Vidal, who is leading the Castro delegation, this week said that Havana will not accept a U.S. Embassy that will assist Cuba's civil society and said that, ``Change in Cuba isn't negotiable.''    Now, the regime has arrested over 300 opposition members in just the last 2 weeks. Berta Soler was among them. Only 3 weeks ago, Mr. Secretary, she was sitting in your chair, testifying before our committee on the gross human rights abuses going on in Cuba today. She returned to Cuba on a Saturday. She was arrested Sunday.    Yet, the U.S.-Castro talks are still scheduled to go on here at the State Department on Friday, but the U.S. didn't even get one cosmetic commitment to democratic reform from the Castro regime and the regime keeps demanding more from us: ``Give back GTMO,'' ``Pay us billions of dollars from the losses we suffered from the embargo.'' Utterly ridiculous.    And just yesterday, Mr. Secretary, Raul Castro bestowed medals on those whom your administration pardoned, including Gerardo Hernandez, who was responsible for killing U.S. citizens. On the very anniversary of the killing of our citizens, Castro gave a medal to his killer, a killer who was pardoned by this administration.    Of all the bad deals that we have seen--Bergdahl, et cetera--isn't this Cuba deal the weakest one yet?    And on Venezuela, Mr. Secretary, just a few days ago, a 14-year-old child was killed by police thugs--actually, just yesterday, 14 years old. He was shot in the head during a peaceful protest.    Now, we in Congress passed a sanctions law to punish such acts, but you have not fully implemented our law. State's decision to deny some visas to some people is only a small slap on the wrist. People are dying in Venezuela, and all we are hearing is excuses. Enough is enough.    Why have you not fully implemented every one of the sanctions laws that we passed against human rights violators in Venezuela? How many more peaceful demonstrators must die before you sanction them.    And, lastly, on the Palestinians, our courts just a few days ago, as you know, ordered the Palestinian Authority and the PLO to pay for terror. And, yet, the PA has hired a DC lobbying firm. We all know that money is fungible.    So isn't our money to the Palestinians actually paying for their court-ordered terror penalties and their lobbying efforts here in Congress?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And on Cuba?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. But he can commit these acts with impunity because nothing happens. We really aren't implementing those sanctions.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. How about the killer of this 14-year-old? We know who did it. Why didn't we sanction him yesterday? We have the video.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Will you share the agreement with Netanyahu?