    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for the opportunity to testify on behalf of myself and the men and women that work on the International Space Station. This is one of the most talented and dedicated international teams in the world. The ISS is an amazing research facility. Today on the ISS during this expedition, there are 329 research investigations in progress. These span topics from human research into how the human body performs in microgravity, basic biology, and biotechnology, physical science, Earth and space science, technology development, and education. There's never been this scope of research performed on a continuous basis in space.    We are also in the midst of a one-year crew expedition. This mission will give us detailed information into the human adaptation to the space environment with mission durations approximately equal to the Mars transit time. We will also get a unique chance through the twins study to see how the human genome changes when exposed to microgravity. We have kept a continual crew presence on the ISS for almost 15 years. Eighty-three countries from around the world have used the ISS for research. Further, private companies through the National Laboratory and the Center for the Advancement of Science and Space have used the ISS.    This week in Boston there was an ISS users conference. This is an exciting time as many new researchers are beginning to see the advantages of space-based research to augment their terrestrial investigations. The growth of non-NASA research is exciting and shows that there's a generic interest in using the unique properties of space to investigate basic research opportunities typically only done on the Earth.    Space provides a unique window into any physical process that is affected by gravity. Further, the human body reacts in space with many conditions that mimic conditions facing the elderly: bone loss, muscle wasting, immune system degradation, and balance problems. Using animal models, unique insight, and potential new treatments for the elderly can be developed based on Space Station research.    As the Chairman stated earlier, operating under frontier of space is not easy. In the past nine months, three independent cargo vehicles were lost on the way to the ISS. This graphically shows the difficulty of living and operating in space. The lost vehicles have different designs, different heritages, different manufacturing, different build processes, and utilize different ascent trajectories. The failure of these three systems shows the difficulty of launching and operating in space.    We often think that ISS is only 250 miles away and that the journey is easy. This is not true. We are essentially operating these systems at the edge of our engineering capability. We also often think that if only we provide more insight and oversight, we can lower the risk of cargo delivery. Unfortunately, the demands required to escape Earth's gravity expose us to the same level of risk no matter how much insight we add. But the insight can give us insight and help us understand the designs to make sure that we can end up with better designs.    The right level of insight can reduce and find design errors. However, too much insight can distract the teams from working on and improving design. It's amazing that even after these three failures, the basic ISS operations were not impacted. This is attributed to the teams that manage and operate the ISS. They learned and are implementing the hard lessons from the Columbia tragedy where the ISS had to operate without the shuttle for several years. The consumables management processes and logistics resupply techniques learned are proving their worth. However, these failures are not without consequences. Several of the agency performance goals associated with research and cargo flights will not be met. The ISS program is reducing consumables margins on ISS to favor research. This will not be enough to recover the research impacts. The delay in the Soyuz crew flight, which was required to allow the teams to understand the Progress failure, required the ISS to operate with three crew for approximately three weeks longer than planned and will impact research crew hours. The impact of the loss also had real implications to students and researchers who lost cargo on the Orbital ATK-Cygnus flight only to lose the replacement and return-to-flight hardware again on the SpaceX flight. They suffered a double loss. The loss of the international docking adapter can be accommodated schedule-wise without impacting the crew program but will result in a dollar loss to ISS.    ISS is a phenomenal resource for the nation. The research being done on ISS can be done no place else. ISS can serve as an innovation accelerator for private entrepreneurs, help NASA prepare for journeys beyond low-Earth orbit, and benefits directly people on the Earth. Congressional support for ISS operations through at least 2024 would be a positive sign to the international partners and future users of ISS. Operating on the frontier is not easy, and we need to not get complacent and think ISS operations are routine or easy. They are not. The ISS team has done a great job of managing in a technically demanding environment. The ISS team will continue to look for ways to improve. The ISS teams need to be given flexibility to manage, and others need to understand the benefits of dissimilar redundancy and how it can be used to provide robustness. The benefits of ISS will take longer to be realized than most can envision, but the benefits of ISS will exceed the expectations of all involved.    I would also like to thank the Committee for their support to human spaceflight, especially the authorization activity associated with Commercial Crew, SLS, Orion, and ISS. I look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Okay. We'll start with the international docking adaptor that's scheduled for Commercial Crew. It was lost. We wanted to have two units on orbit before we began commercial crew flights. We'll still be able to, I believe we'll be able to, support that schedule. We'll take the parts from a third unit that was being assembled as a spare or a backup and work with the contract to go ahead and extend that and get that delivered on time.    The next docking adaptor is scheduled to go in the next several months, and we'll figure out the right cargo flight to take it up. And one docking adaptor will be sufficient to support the Commercial Crew Program. So I think we can accommodate that. The biggest impact to us is the cost associated with now having to manufacture a third unit from the spare parts that remain.    On the multi-filtration beds, we think before the Japanese transfer vehicle flies in August, we should be able to get a new transfer bed manufactured again through the outstanding work of the Boeing Corporation to help us expedite that work, and we've got plans in place to do that.    We've been trending down on the toxic organic compounds on board Space Station, so we're still in a stable configuration with the beds we have on orbit. We'll continue to monitor that carefully. But we should be okay from that standpoint.    The loss of the spacesuit, we will probably now reconfigure one of the spacesuits we had planned on returning on Space Station. We'll do more repairs on it on orbit, and we'll have that space suit available to go do EVAs. And again, we've also put a contract change in place to work with the Orbital Sciences Corporation to look at carrying spacesuits in the future for us.    So I think we've mitigated all three of the concerns that you have. The impacts will be not significant, and we can accommodate them but there are impacts with each one of them.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Again, on the human research front, there's many medical investigations we're looking at that were described by other panel members about the radiation environment, the microgravity environment, and we need to understand those and have those risks mitigated and understood before we're ready to commit to longer endeavors in space. And those are all in plans and are in place. We have detailed investigations and the current one-year expedition on board the Space Station is addressing many of those issues and concerns, and that's moving forward.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. We've been looking and working very aggressively to look at cost management and cost control. We've consolidated some contracts into a smaller number of contracts. We also are using competition to attempt to drive down the cost. We're in the process--right now we're in a blackout period of where we're going through a cargo resupply services number two contract award. We've got extremely good competition from that activity, and we believe competition will help us control and hold those costs down.    So I think we're actively working. We're aware of those cost issues and the challenges in front of us. The teams have objective acquisition strategies. We have effective consolidation plans, and we're removing costs from the program as we can. And we believe we can hold those costs down, and we can provide some objective evidence of what we've done and seen in past contracts versus future contract entities.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. As part of the accident investigation with the SpaceX event that occurred, part of our Commercial Crew Program representatives are part of that activity with SpaceX. So they are actively involved in analyzing and understanding what occurred on the cargo vehicle with an eye towards any design changes, any process changes, any hardware changes that need to be made in the crew program. So we're actively involved in transitioning that information from this failure directly into the crew program.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. As I described earlier, we'll probably take one of the suits that are on orbit and then refurbish it on orbit instead of returning it to the ground, and then we will develop a capability to transport suits that areon all of our cargo vehicles so that we can bring other suits up to Space Station as needed to support the EVA activity.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. I don't have a specific cost, and I can take that for the record. We have 13 spacesuits that's available to us. They're from the Shuttle Program, and this was one of those suits. We will not replace that suit. It will just continue to be lost, and it will not be replaced. We have sufficient suits remaining in our inventory to continue to operate safely through the 2024 and beyond timeframe.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. For the NASA items, the losses are borne by NASA, and we estimate the NASA cargo loss roughly at about $110 million or so on the SpaceX flight. The researchers, they're responsible for their hardware. They bear the loss from the research hardware that was lost, and that's how that splits out.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Our contracts today have a final milestone payment associated with successful delivery of cargo on orbit. Obviously, they will not receive payment for the accomplishment of that milestone, and we're investigating the advantages and disadvantages of having essentially insurance provided for these other capabilities, or to provide for lost cargo in the future. We haven't made a decision yet on whether that is cost-effective for us or not, but we're taking a look at that to see if it's effective to have insurance or it's better that we just essentially indemnify and the users bear the risk of the loss.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. It offsets a portion but not the entire amount.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Yes.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. The NASA team is participating directly along with the FAA team and NTSB on the SpaceX accident board. They developed a fault tree, just as NASA has done, and the way they disposition each fault item is all three entities--NASA, FAA, and NTSB--and SpaceX all have to agree that this item is closed and not contributing to this accident.    So it's by consensus. It's the engineering teams essentially led by SpaceX but fully represented by the government, and the government can say whether we accept or do not accept their explanation for what the root cause was. So it's a fairly effective way for us to have good insight in. We can do our own independent research on the side and contribute directly to the conclusions and make sure that we are representing the government. So we have the best from the FAA, and the best from NASA, participating in those activities along with the contractor-led activity.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. So far it's been extremely transparent. It was the same with the Orbital investigation. We had that same transparency with them, and it's been effective for both and we can show direct evidence of where that transparency is and how it's being implemented.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. I think at this point we're looking to see if we can leave low-Earth orbit to commercial companies. What we're doing is we're allowing them to do investigations on Station to see if they can get a market return, and it makes sense to do that. Then we believe the agency's role is then to push further out into space to go into the region around the moon we call the proving ground region of space. We will move our research and our endeavors into that further region that helps the agency get prepared to take bigger missions ultimately towards Mars.    So at this point, we're envisioning the low-Earth orbit to essentially be more of a private-sector activity, and we'll use the remaining lifetime of Station to let the private sector understand the benefits of microgravity research to their terrestrial investigations and see if it helps them from a fundamental research standpoint.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Again, for the Commercial Crew Program and also the Commercial Cargo Program, the companies have an interest just beyond the NASA need. They're building these capsules. They'll own the intellectual property. They'll be able to operate these capsules for their own purposes. If this private station we discussed earlier is available, they can use this transportation system to deliver cargo to it. They can deliver a crew to it, et cetera, outside of the government. So this will essentially allow the private sector to go get transportation services on its own from these companies that we've enabled through these initial start-up contracts on ISS.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. The simple answer is no. I think in the case of the Orion vehicle, it's geared towards deep space activities where carrying wings makes it very difficult to reenter into the Earth's atmosphere. So the deep space vehicles will typically be a capsule-type vehicle, but for low-Earth orbit transportation, winged vehicles are very nice and have many advantages as we got to see through the Shuttle Program.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. That's an interesting question. Again, I think the positive thing is that in all three of these cases, there's been no loss of life. So that says our basic processes and procedures are in place. So we protected the public. We protected the launch site. We did the right things.    I think the important thing is to not get so fixated on the problem but how can we learn from this problem, right? As an emerging industry and developing new transportation system, the more we fly, there will be small problems. They're acceptable in this case. As we described earlier, the impacts are not devastating to Station. They hurt research, but they're still recoverable. The real tragedy will be if we don't learn from these events and we don't understand the engineering behind the failures and improve overall the industry.    So I think just as the aviation industry has suffered a lot of failures throughout its history, the reason for its success today and the safety we get in the aircraft industry is a result of lessons learned and those lessons being applied to build better and safer aircraft. We need to do the same thing in the space industry. We need to take this learning from these events, internalize it, not be afraid of it, figure out how to make design changes, change the way we build spacecraft and build a more robust transportation system.    So I see this as a painful but maybe somewhat necessary learning process. It's excellent to learn on cargo. We do not want to learn on crew. We will learn from cargo and apply those lessons to crew.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. We have shielding on board our Space Station and spacecraft that can protect for some debris. We cannot protect for all debris. We've recently implemented some changes to the Progress vehicle, the Progress launch that just occurred. It had new debris shields on that Progress vehicle. So we're continuing to improve the debris protection capability, and then we actively train on orbit. Just as we train terrestrially for fire drills, et cetera, we train for evacuation drills of Space Station in case we get hit by a piece of micro-meteoroid debris that penetrates a pressure shell. So we're prepared in that event. It is our highest risk when we look across the risk scenario. We protect it with the shielding levels that we can protect for it at this stage of Station's life.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Yes. On the civil space side, the relationship between the United States or between NASA and the Russians is very strong. We exchange data every day back and forth. We pass many commands to the Space Station, Russian commands through UAS. We use their assets as you've said for transportation reboost. We're very much mutually dependent upon each other for operations in space, and from a technical standpoint, the relationship is extremely strong, extremely transparent in spite of the governmental tensions between the two governments.    So the challenge of human spaceflight kind of transcends a little bit of the toughness of the outside world, and we're working together extremely effectively with the Russians. The recent Progress loss, they've been sharing data with us. We've been working together to actively get ready to go fly crew on the 23rd of this month with the Russians, and they've been open with us, sharing data with us, helping us understand. They understand our needs. So the relationship is extremely strong between the civil space side.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Again, I think they're working through their governmental approval process. I think it's likely potentially by the end of this year when their federal space program gets approved that there will be an extension of the Russians to support the Space Station through at least 2024.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Again, I think the way we need to think about this is that the next private Space Station may not be--in fact, I don't believe it will be as massive or as big as this Space Station we have today, with this International Space Station. There's been discussion by the SpaceX Corporation of using their crew transportation modules called Dragon Lab where they can do individual investigations. We've talked to Orbital about potentially using their cargo vehicle as a temporary space station in low-Earth orbit. So I think when we think about the private sector taking over, we don't need to think about this big massive investment of a space station. They can learn what research really benefits them. If it's in the pharmaceutical area, if it's in materials processing, if it's in protein crystal growth, they can build a unique capability to do that. It can be much smaller.    So I think the private sector has the capability and can do that on their own, and again, I think NASA's role is to kind of move that human presence further. And we want to go into the region around the moon so there may be a habitation capability again supplied potentially by the private sector for cargo in the vicinity of the moon. But I think NASA's next focus is some kind of habitation capability potentially in the vicinity of the moon.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Kind of our underpinning is first of all we need to be careful we don't jump to conclusions or assume that we know what the failure is to begin with. So we do a very methodical process of where we gather all the data. We need to make sure the time synchronization of that data is all critical, and that's not easy. You know, these events occur in milliseconds. So if you have a camera that's running and the time is on that, you have to make sure that the time on that camera is identical to the telemetry that's coming from the spacecraft. You know, is the timing of when the event occurred recorded on the spacecraft versus recorded after it's received on the ground? So that radio delay time to get down is important.    So the first thing is to gather the data, get it all time synchronous. Then you can start through the methodical process of building what we call a fault tree. So we essentially brainstorm. There are now electronic tools available that automatically build a fault tree for us. They ask inquisitive questions. You lay out all the potential failures that could occur, that could have contributed to the event, which ones have to occur maybe with another event. Then your team meticulously goes through and then crosses off each one of those events as they move forward.    In terms of speed, what we're seeing here in the case of SpaceX is because they're a very much vertically integrated company. They do almost all of their work in-house. They immediately went to testing certain components. So even though they showed up on the fault tree, they said why don't we just go ahead and build up a test rig right now and we'll be prepared to go test.    So even these short number of days between the event and now they're off, actually off in the laboratory doing some stress tests on some components that may contribute kind of as a parallel activity to this more methodical process I laid out.    So I think the advantage and the speed piece is we can use tools. We can use analysis. We have software, and then we can do physical tests in a much faster time than we did before.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. The Canadian Space Agency has agreed to extend to 2024. So we have one partner on board, that's the Canadian Space Agency, who does a lot of our robotic activities and have the robotic equipment aboard Station. As I described earlier, the Russians, potentially by the end of this year, could be on board with the extension to 2024. The Japanese are also actively looking at Station extension. They could do that again probably by the end of this year, possibly by the start of their next fiscal year which is in April of 2016, and the Japanese are actively working on that and we're working with them.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. All right.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. And the European Space Agency, they're again working through their overall budget process. They've committed to support us on the Orion capsule as you know. The teams in Ohio are working with them on the European Service Module that sits underneath the Orion capsule. They're pretty much committed. They're not committed to Station yet. They will do probably that in 2017 formally, but they're doing all the activities of getting with all the member states and all the member countries to approve, and they see again tremendous benefit. It's just working through their big governmental process on the ESA side. So I think all partners are heading towards Station extension to 2024 in a varying timeframe.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. A quick follow-up. How significant of a partner are the Russians? I mean, we're pretty dependent upon the Russians right now in terms of getting there and back, correct?    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Yes. We're dependent upon them for crew transportation. We also use them for altitude adjustments of Space Station. They provide the propellant that reboosts Station. They're dependent upon us for solar as ray or power generation. They also use us for commands and other activities. So we're kind of mutually dependent back and forth between both.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. Are you having any discussions--I'm sure you've heard the testimony of the potential incoming new Chairman of the Joint Chiefs who has stated that the Russians are our biggest security risk, security threat? I mean, we're kind of in a dichotomy with the Russians here. You guys concerned about that? And what's your back-up plan?    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Again, I would say, first of all, from a civil space standpoint, as I described earlier we have a very strong relationship with the Russians and will continue to do that. I think we need to again look at what happens if the Russians pull out in certain key areas. As we're working hard on the Commercial Crew Program, we want to end our sole reliance on the crew transportation system as soon as we can, and funding for that is absolutely critical to get it in place so we can have a U.S. capability to augment the Russians in the December 2017 or so timeframe.    So I think we're moving out on crew transportation. The other areas that I described where we're dependent, we have work-arounds and we can put systems in place to recoup that if we have to. But at the end, I think it's advantageous to us if we can cooperate. There's real advantages to us. That's the right way to go forward. These endeavors require of us all to work together, but we also need to be not so naive that if a problem occurs, that we can't continue on without a certain partner.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. Okay. All right. Well, you know, I guess, you know, we've had some failures with the commercial avenue. And I'm sure that you are, but I hope there's a lot of discussion going on because if we continue to experience similar failures like we had with the Commercial Cargo Program and the Russians were to back out, our options become smaller and fewer. Okay, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. I believe we've been holding it low because of the potential eye problems. I think we're running about three millimeters of mercury of partial pressure of CO<INF>2</INF> on board Station.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. It's higher than the atmosphere we have in the room here, and we've typically allowed, prior to the intracranial pressure problems associated with the vision, we allowed it to go up on the order of six or so millimeters per mercury, and that's dramatically higher than the environment here. So it's higher CO<INF>2</INF> levels on board Station than we see here.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Yes, we're not sure but we think it could contribute to the intracranial pressure problem which causes the eye and vision problem we described. At higher elevated levels of CO<INF>2</INF> you can get headaches. You can have some other physiological problems. And again, we try to control that as low as we can. We have a Russian device that removes carbon dioxide. We have a U.S. device that removes carbon dioxide. Then we also have some absorbent material that also removes it. And then we have a next generation of system that will fly on the Orion capsule that's also on board Station, and we can use that also to remove CO<INF>2</INF>.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Currently on the U.S. side, we just reconfigured the permanent multi-purpose module from one location to another location. That was to make room for a docking adaptor that we discussed earlier to let commercial vehicles come. That's about all we're going to do on the U.S. side. There's no major new additions coming. The Russians have talked about a solar power platform to provide some solar energy for their segment. The Russians have also talked about a multi-purpose logistics module, another research module that they may add to Station.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. So the Russians may add some additional modules, but we on the U.S. side don't have any major additions planned.    Mr. Gerstenmaier. Yes, it'll be added to Space Station next year. It's a demonstration capability. This is an expandable module that will be added to the outside of Station. It will stay there for about a year or year-and-a-half, and then we'll remove it from Station. Its purpose is to investigate the advantages of an expandable module. So instead of a rigid pressure shell, it's to understand what we can gain from the expandable technology. It has some very thick walls, so it may be better from a micro-meteoroid to penetration standpoint. It also may be better thermally. That needs to be looked at. And the acoustic environment may be better.    So the idea is to get it on orbit, actually take those claims, test them on orbit with Space Station, use the unique capabilities of Station, confirm if that module technology is something we want to use going forward.