    Mr. Johnson . The gentleman's time has expired. I now recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentleman for yielding back. I now recognize the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. Loesback.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentleman for yielding back. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentleman for yielding back. I now recognize the gentlelady from Colorado, Ms. DeGette.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding back. I now recognize Mr. Lance from New Jersey.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentleman for yielding back. And now the chair recognizes the gentlelady from California, Mr. Matsui.    Mr. Johnson. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Johnson. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Olson.    Mr. Johnson. The gentleman yields back with a whoop. And with that, I recognize the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Yarmuth.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentleman for yielding back. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Kinzinger.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentleman for yielding back and I recognize now Ms. Clarke from New York.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentlelady for yielding back. The chair now recognizes itself for 5 minutes.    Chairman Wheeler, recently, I was shown a quote attributed to a former venture capitalist, you, regarding the FCC's regulation of what was then a cutting edge innovative service: ``I would hope the Commission recognizes that despite the fact that they have very capable and dedicated individuals, it is not smarter than the functions of the marketplace. In that regard, I would just point to the cellular industry. The reason the industry has reached the level it has is because the FCC was smart enough to know that they didn't have all the knowledge.''    So, looking at the situation with Binge On and other products, you have a team scrutinizing them, notwithstanding the overwhelming consumer response. It sounds like now the FCC's Enforcement Bureau does have all of the knowledge, in your opinion. So, what has changed at the FCC since you made that statement as head of CTIA?    Mr. Johnson. OK, well, great. So, it sounds like your position has changed, that now the Enforcement Bureau does have more of the knowledge than the private market.    Let's go on to a second question. On your watch, and one of our colleagues earlier said we are not really talking about your budget, which is what you are here to talk about but I am going to segue to that.    On your watch, average personnel costs for employees in the Enforcement Bureau have grown faster than was the case under Chairman Genachowski. Certainly average salaries for those in the enforcement bureau have grown faster during your tenure than was the case under your predecessor. How do you explain this trend toward higher spending?    Mr. Johnson. Would you get back to us and take that question for the record? Thank you. We would like to know that.    Also, Chairman Wheeler, the FCC, as a matter of practice sends a contingent of Enforcement Bureau field agents to the Super Bowl. Correct?    Mr. Johnson. It is the job of these field agents to ensure that no harmful or malicious interference interrupts communications, broadcasting, or public safety. Is that correct?    Mr. Johnson. I assume that, given the task, that this team is responsible for they are made up of primarily engineers that can resolve those problems. Is that correct?    Mr. Johnson. OK. Could you get back to us on that?    Mr. Johnson. Did the chief of the Enforcement Bureau attend the Super Bowl as part of the FFC's presence this year?    Mr. Johnson. Would you get back to us on that?    And do you know if any Enforcement Bureau chiefs in the past have attended the Super Bowl?    Mr. Johnson. OK, so there are three or four questions for you, if you would get back to us on those.    Sticking with you, Chairman Wheeler, but changing focus, as the head of an important agency, I am sure you are aware of the challenges that have arisen in agencies and departments like the EPA, the IRS, and the State Department with respect to the use of non-official means of communication, often to avoid or allay things like the Administrative Procedures Act or the Freedom of Information Act and the Federal Records Act.    Does the FCC have a policy that clearly requires FCC employees to comply with these rate obligations and how do you enforce that policy and ensure that personnel cell phones and direct messaging over social media platforms are not use by your employees to avoid the sunshine and openness we expect in a regulatory agency like the FCC?    Mr. Johnson. Yes, essentially.    Mr. Johnson. Do you have that policy?    Mr. Johnson. What do you do to enforce it? What kind of enforcement mechanisms do you have in place?    Mr. Johnson. I am sorry?    Mr. Johnson. How do you enforce it?    Mr. Johnson. So you don't enforce it.    Mr. Johnson. OK. What I hear you saying is you don't enforce it.    I yield back and now I recognize Mr. McNerney from California for 5 minutes.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentleman for yielding back.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Bilirakis.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentleman for yielding back.    And the chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Long.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentleman for yielding back.    The chair now recognizes the gentlelady from North Carolina, Mrs. Ellmers.    Mr. Johnson. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Johnson. Will the gentlelady yield?    Mr. Johnson. Did the gentlelady want to specifically say what she wanted to add to the record there, your last comment?    Mr. Johnson. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Johnson. The gentlelady has expired.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Collins from New York.    Mr. Johnson. I thank the gentleman for yielding back.    And the chair now recognizes the ranking member, Ms. Eshoo.    Mr. Johnson. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Johnson. I remind members that they have--first of all, I want to thank the panel for being with us today. Thank you very much. I am not used to sitting in this chair. So, I almost forgot that part. Thank you for being here.    I remind members that they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record. And I ask the witnesses to respond to the questions promptly. Members should submit their questions by the close of business on April 6th.    Without objection, the subcommittee is adjourned.