    Mr. Ashford. Thank you.    And thank you for being here and thank you for everything you have done. This truly is an incredible afternoon for me. And I am new, but I did, in February, did go to the Middle East, and we did speak with many of the leaders you have talked about. And clearly, what was talked about then is what, to some extent, what you are talking about now.    I mean, the national guard issue was very compelling. We talked to the minister of defense who said this is a way for us to get national buy-in to what we are trying to do by having the national guard form up in each one of the provinces.    And then, also, King Abdullah talking about the idea of safe zones in the desert, outside of the cities that could be developed. And none of that seems to have occurred during that 7 or 8 months. And there are other things that were talked about as well.    I just have two basic, general questions. One is, when we talk about containment versus another strategy that is not containment. I have been thinking about this when we use the word ``containment,'' is there even a possibility of a containment strategy in the Middle East? It is so dynamic and changing so quickly. Both of you, maybe that is a very simple question, but I don't see how you can contain something that is changing, especially when you have an ISIS, an organization that can do what it did in Paris?    So, Ambassador.    Ambassador Crocker. Thank you. And I would just say very quickly, I am very pleased that you went out in February. I know what your lives and your schedules are like. I have seen members of this committee in hard places. I just can't underscore strongly enough how important CODELS to this troubled region are in ensuring that America has, through its elected representatives, has an understanding of what the realities are. So I hope you will continue to visit.    Yeah. Again, as Dave Petraeus and I have said, what happens in the Middle East doesn't stay in the Middle East. And that has always been true. I was a political counselor in Beirut after the embassy bombing when George Shultz came out as Secretary of State and he said he wished he could just build a 10-mile-high wall around Lebanon. And whatever happens inside it happens, but it doesn't happen to us. Well, you couldn't do it then and you can't do it now.    So you can't contain Islamic State any more than you could contain Al Qaeda. You have got to go after them wherever they are. Again, I do not believe you can defeat or eliminate Islamic State by air power, but I think we can certainly mess them up enough that it is going to be pretty darn difficult for them to get the bandwidth to plan a complex attack.    So I don't see containment as at all a viable option, and very dangerous to even talk about it. I don't see defeat in the cards anytime soon. But, boy, we should be getting after degrade in a very major way.    Mr. Ashford. Sir.    Mr. Ashford. And I think that is what we saw when we were there was that containment can't possibly work. Everyone that we talked to said that very thing.    And then, I don't have much time left, but the other question that always comes to mind when the French talked about we are at war with the Islamic State, is that where we are? Is that the word? Is that the proper terminology? Very briefly. I don't have much time left. Mr. Ambassador.    Ambassador Crocker. Well, that along with some of the other things we have talked about, can be a pretty fruitless linguistic endeavor. We have talked about, you know, is it Islamic terrorism? To me, that is an absolute no-brainer. Islamic State named itself, and it has got a theology. Same thing, war on terror. To me, it doesn't matter what you call it. You just----    Mr. Ashford. It is what it is.    Ambassador Crocker. You just have to do it.    Mr. Ashford. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. Mr. Nugent.    Mr. Ashford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just have one clarification question I would like to ask on refugees. I absolutely agree with you that the leadership role in this area is critical, and it is part of the entire strategy, is to deal with refugees and deal with the other things we have talked about. But what troubled me after, and you mentioned, you know, the Friday the 13th changed, Mr. McLaughlin mentioned it, changed the dynamics considerably. Is it not reasonable to at least make certain that as we bring these refugees into the country, that there be some effort put towards making sure that the validation process is in place, that we are thinking about these various things that are into why someone is radicalized and that sort of thing? Is that not reasonable, Ambassador?    Ambassador Crocker. It is not only absolutely reasonable, it is an obligation. The security of our Nation has to be uppermost. And clearly, Congress has a role in determining that the measures, the checks, the screening is adequate to assure us of that. You are not going to get it to 100 percent, but to a reasonable degree. I know a fair amount about the vetting process. I helped develop it when I was in Iraq, and we were trying to get Iraqis out of harm's way that had worked for us. I personally think it is adequate.    Obviously, Members of Congress are going to have to satisfy themselves that that is the case. It is clearly a set of questions that can be asked. And maybe it needs to be tweaked. I don't know. But that is important. I think it can be done, I think it is being done. So I would hope that we could move forward for the reasons we have cited. This is not only an important humanitarian step, it is important politically for the reasons we have adduced.    Mr. Ashford. I appreciate it. Thank you, Mr. Ambassador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. I am going to try you all's patience for just a moment more, if you will allow me, and circle back around with a couple things we have talked about. But just to try to pin you down maybe, for lack of a better expression. Mr. Ambassador, talking about trying to help the Iraqi Government become more inclusive, we have a provision in this year's defense bill, which hopefully is about to be signed into law by the President, that allows him to directly arm the Kurds and the Sunni tribes if they cannot certify that the Iraqi Government in Baghdad is inclusive. I mean, obviously, the purpose of that is to push them to be more inclusive out of fear that the Kurds and the Sunni tribes would directly receive arms from us. But I guess my question for you is, as you watch these things, do you think it is still possible for there to be an Iraqi Government that is inclusive of the Sunnis and others or have we gone too far with Iranian influence?    Ambassador Crocker. It is a critical question, Mr. Chairman. And I don't know the answer, which is why I said at the outset that we have three failed states, and Iraq teeters. What I do strongly believe is we need to find the answer to that question by engaging.    The Chairman. The only way to know is to try.    Ambassador Crocker. The only way to know is to try at a high level and over a period of time, which is why I keep urging that we do that.    The Chairman. Okay. Fair point. Mr. McLaughlin, I want to go back to the catch-22 that you talked about at the beginning, because it seems to me we are already having some de-confliction with the Russians. Some will see that as working with the Russians, which is working with the Iranians, and working to keep Assad. In any event, removing Assad is a lesser priority. And anything we do along that line and still go after ISIS, does that not fuel the perception that we are more anti-Sunni and willing to work with the Shia in that endeavor? I mean, I am perplexed by this catch-22 also. Assad, ISIS, Sunni, Shia, you go after one versus the other, the other benefits.