    Mr. Starr. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and distinguished committee members, good morning. And thank you for your invitation to appear today to discuss the security situation near U.S. consulates at the border in Mexico. We share your concerns regarding the security of the U.S. personnel in Mexico, and I look forward to discussing these issues with you today.    Our national interests often require us to serve in dangerous places around the world. However, it is clear that the U.S. Embassy and consulates in Mexico are exceptionally important platforms for diplomatic and consular engagement to advance our national interests.    I was in Mexico a few weeks ago and can bear witness to the hard work and dedication of the U.S. personnel serving on both sides of the border. I also saw the challenging circumstances in which many of our people operate. Environments such as Mexico involve constantly shifting threats that require comprehensive planning, agile decisionmaking, and deft diplomacy. Most of all, they require us to be present, fully engaged, and 100 percent committed to the security of our people and our facilities.    In Mexico, we engage with and seek support where necessary from a host government that recognizes Mexican and American vital interests are linked and that bilateral cooperation is required to counter the threats posed by transnational criminals. In every incident, threat, and attack in Mexico, this only underscores the continued importance of the strong bilateral relations and the comprehensive security cooperation.    Our embassy and consulates in Mexico play a critical role in providing services to American citizens, issuing visas, and implementing key foreign policy objectives. I work closely with my colleagues in the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations as the Department builds diplomatic missions in Mexico to increase safety and security. These new facilities are vital platforms for diplomacy, all of which will meet the rigorous Overseas Security Policy Board standards for safety and security.    During my recent visit to some of the border consulates, I walked with the principal officers and regional security officers to view the additional security measures taken and augmented host country security presence protecting our facilities. These protective features allow us to operate necessary programs that strengthen Mexico police capacity, reinforce critical law enforcement cooperation, and improve security along our southern border.    These consulates also aid the expansive bilateral trade that supports both countries totaling over $500 billion annually. But it is simply not enough to improve physical security. We are also training the Foreign Service community on how to better respond in these environments.    All officers under chief of mission authority at our border post in Monterrey are required to take the Foreign Affairs Counter Threat training course, also known as FACT, which teaches them hard security skills. As a result, personnel in our missions are better prepared for operating in challenging environments, and we are working towards making FACT training universal for all Foreign Service personnel at our posts overseas regardless of the threat levels.    I recognize the hardships that our people and their families endure in such environments. It is a testament to their courage, their commitment, and the important work that they are accomplishing abroad. Having served over 30 years in the Foreign Service, I understand wholeheartedly the sacrifices our people make. It is simply woven into the fabric of what uniquely defines the Foreign Service community. Knowing the challenges ahead, they willingly and courageously step up to fill the important positions that we have in Mexico and throughout the world.    I look forward to working with Congress to ensure our personnel are serving abroad safely and that they continue to have safe platforms for advancing our national interests. And I want to thank Congress for the resources and support that you have provided over the years, and we look forward to your continuing support in years ahead.    Thank you. And I'll be glad to answer any questions that you have.    Mr. Starr. I do not know, sir.    Mr. Starr. I believe that most of the documents are OBO-produced documents. I know that they're working hard to----    Mr. Starr. Congressman, I couldn't quote you an exact dollar figure. We did go over this with the new contract that we're putting in place. I would tell you that it's a competitive salary in terms of any other local guards in the country, and, in fact, it probably is competitive with the police as well. But it is based on Mexican salaries.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir, that's about the prevailing wage in Mexico.    Mr. Starr. Ranking Member Cummings, if I could answer the question.    Mr. Starr. At least once a year we review the allowances at all of our posts. The danger pay that the chairman is referring to, in August of 2014, we began a review of how we issued danger pay. We looked at also our hardship allowances.    Mr. Starr. In August of 2014.    Mr. Starr. It's been a continuing review. Our goal is to make sure that we have equitable implementation of our allowances across our entire world program. The global program includes posts that in many cases are much more dangerous than Matamoros or Nuevo Laredo.    Yes, I absolutely admit there are high levels of violence in both of those places. But in our analysis, it is very different, that the violence there is not directed against the consulate or consulate personnel. They can be in the wrong place at the wrong time. We have many places in the world where we serve where the violence is directed against our people, and those are the places where our employees are getting danger pay.    For the types of criminal violence that we see in Mexico, that is reflected in their hardship differential, and many of them have gotten increases in their hardship differential to reflect the criminal violence.    Mr. Starr. Hardship, it looks at many different factors. It can look at isolation. It can look at pollution. It can look at the medical condition.    Mr. Starr. Exactly. Exactly, sir. But I would also tell you that these posts in Mexico, our employees can get in a car and in 10 or 15 minutes be in the United States and across the border and shopping and going to school.    We have people in places like Chad. We have places, Mali, and different places where no such types of outlet exist, and in those places they're going to get a higher level of danger pay if it exists, and they're going to get higher hardship differentials. We're very careful in how we look at this. We want to make sure that our people are getting the right allowances for the conditions on the ground.    Mr. Starr. Congressman, not typically. I would tell you that when we have a radical change in a situation, we look at the measures that we take. We may implement additional security. We may withdraw personnel. We may take family members out of a post.    Typically the allowances are looked at once a year. On an exceptional basis, if something really drastic does happen, we can look at it; but generally allowances are looked at once a year.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir, I went early last month.    Mr. Starr. I spent a great deal of time talking with our employees, both our local employed staff and our Americans. They are aware. They know the levels of violence that are going on around them. We are not having trouble staffing those posts.    I also met with OSAC constituents, Americans that are working with American companies that are there, and talked with them as well. And I think it's very clear in our OSAC travel warnings that are out to the American businesses, American businessmen, and the consular warnings, we're not pulling any punches on the level of danger down in Mexico.    Mr. Starr. Exactly, sir. We looked at that almost daily as we can began to see that two cartel or actually sub groups within a cartel were beginning to fight it out among each other and higher levels of violence. We were plotting every single day where the violence was taking place.    We were looking at the location of our residences, the location of where we went shopping, the location of our facilities, against where the violence was. We were ready to pull the pin and move people out if that violence came into our neighborhoods but we look at those things almost daily when that level goes up.    Mr. Starr. That's approximately right, sir, yes.    Mr. Starr. Yes, there were some U.S. citizens, not from the consulate that were involved, but yes, there were U.S. citizens that were affected.    Mr. Starr. I think that's where the value of the consulates is most apparent and the embassy as well. As we monitored the violence going up, we could play a role both through our consular offices and warning Americans and Americans that were working there.    Through OSAC we put out warnings. Our consul general was dealing with the governor of the region and talking with the police. The regional security officer was talking with the police, and the ambassador and the others in the embassy in Mexico City were pointing out that the levels of violence were going up and that the government needed to address this quickly and effectively. And there soon after that--and I don't want to say that this is entirely just at our urging. Clearly the government of Mexico understood this as well--they put additional forces on the ground to try to stem the violence.    Mr. Starr. Congressman, I believe that what we need to accept is that the battle to increase security rule of law and justice in Mexico is going to be a long-term battle. I think that we can see what has happened in Colombia and the types of improvements that have been made there, and I think those are the types of improvements that we're going to have to help Mexico make.    I think DAS Saarnio could probably talk more effectively about this in terms of the programs that we have in place. But I think continuing those types of programs that we started in Colombia and we're currently running in Mexico to improve the judicial system, the training of the police, all those types of things are what's ultimately going to make this a safer location, safer country.    Mr. Starr. Chairman Chaffetz is correct, to my knowledge, that the local police force is actually not functioning there, but there are levels of police forces as well. There are police from the governors--from that governate, it's like a state type of police, and there are Federal police is also there and soldiers.    So I think while Chairman Chaffetz is correct that we have great concerns about the fact that the mayor was murdered, that the local police have tremendous difficulties, we also work with the Federal and state authorities to ensure that other types of security services and police are as effective as they can.    Mr. Starr. The violence in Mexico ebbs and flows, sir.    Mr. Starr. In certain places it's better than it was a year or 2 or 3 years ago. In certain places it's certainly worse.    Mr. Starr. Yes.    Mr. Starr. Ma'am, I can't say that every single one of those agencies is at every single one of the consulates, but you are correct that the consulates do serve as a base for consular operations and for those types of operations, along with the Embassy in Mexico.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir, I would. I believe that it's clear that spending money on something that doesn't meet our requirements is not going to be a good investment. In previous hearings and in previous discussions with FLETC, they could not take our entire program and don't have the facilities that we need for the types of weapons that we use at the FLETC facility.    They proposed using the Townsend Bombing Range, which is about 60 miles north of FLETC. That is a Marine Corps bombing range that is at the moment under consideration from going from a nonlive munition bombing range to a live munition bombing range----    Mr. Starr. We believe that the Fort Pickett site is the best----    Mr. Starr. I'm sorry, sir, that's not correct. We have extensive records----    Mr. Starr. We have extensive records. We have provided the curriculum. This is not just in the mind of the instructors, sir----    Mr. Starr. Which report, sir?    Mr. Starr. Sir, the OMB report is a preliminary study.    Mr. Starr. I don't know, sir. That's an OMB report. I can tell you that the GAO report does not reflect that. GAO report has been finished. It has not been released yet either. I think it is probably wise to wait until that report is released.    Mr. Starr. Thank you, Congressman. Specifically to that topic, both OSAC and the warnings that we work with from each individual consulate and the OSAC country councils and city councils that we have, look specifically at the areas.    The consular warning sheets are countrywide, but there are also post-security bulletins that come out from the consulate, and I think this is one of the arguments for why we have consulates in different places. American citizens can go to that Web site for each individual consulate and look at what's going on in that immediate area. I recognize that, yes, sometimes the consular warning sheets are a rather blunt tool because we have I think, Sue, is it over 25 million Americans a year visit Mexico, and we do have to give them sort of honest, open advice, but we also further break it down for those people that are in specific areas, and we try to do that. But I will take your concerns back with me.    Mr. Starr. Sir, they have features in them that make it very difficult to do a photo substitution or duplicate them.    I think the other thing that's important to remember on the cards that were stolen, that anybody that's actually trying to do illegal activity would not want to use one of those cards that was stolen because every one of those is registered electronically as a stolen card now. So if they go to the border and show it, it automatically rings a bell and, you know, these people are going to be doubly inspected.    So we have a high degree of confidence that the cards that were stolen, the majority have been recovered. Those that haven't been, very difficult to duplicate and likely that the cartels or anybody else engaged in illegal business would not want to use them.    Mr. Starr. I would think, sir, that nobody that's in the smuggling business is going to try to go legally across a border would want to use one of those cards that's entered as stolen. And as I say, that would raise the profile. What they would really want is to steal a card from a legal user that's not been declared stolen that has a similarity on it to the person on it. But still, even the biometrics then are not going to be the same.    Mr. Starr. Sir, I wouldn't go that far. I think, you know, along the border where there's active inspection of them, I think they'll be detected very quickly. I think people do use them for other purposes. But, again, if the photograph doesn't match, and they're very hard to do photo substitutions without destroying that card, it would be very difficult.    Mr. Starr. I visited the transit facility that they went out of, sir, talked with the employees there. There had been a very hard look at how we were moving those cards. We have made some changes in how they're delivered. We are now only--I would prefer not to speak about some of the ways that we have gone into making some of those changes, sir, but we did look closely at it.    I think our consular sheets are still accurate, that, you know, hijacking and carjacking can still be--is very, you know, a problem in Mexico and we have to watch out for that. But we are taking additional measures to try to ensure that this doesn't occur again.    Mr. Starr. Millions, sir. Certainly tens of millions.    Mr. Starr. By State, there are distances that they can go within a certain State with them and other limitations on them.    Mr. Starr. Yes, they do.    Mr. Starr. Yes.    Mr. Starr. Not to my knowledge yet, sir, no.    Mr. Starr. Sir, that would be very hard to say absolutely. I would say that----    Mr. Starr. --it would be very difficult.    Mr. Starr. Sir, I can only tell you, I spent about 3 hours at the San Ysidro border crossing with the Homeland Security personnel that were there. I saw an incredibly dedicated group of people with very many duplicative stops where they're checking the people, they check the cars. I can't tell you, because it's out of--I'm with the State Department, but I have to tell you I was exceptionally impressed with how good they were.    Mr. Starr. Yes, they did.    Mr. Starr. I'm sorry, sir. I don't know the answer to that.    Mr. Starr. No, sir, I'm not aware that they're not working. I think we have a very high degree of confidence in the card and a very high success rate with that card.    Mr. Starr. I don't have the figures in front of me, sir, no.    Mr. Starr. Sir, I think the Embassy in Mexico City and the different types of agencies that are represented there closely follow where we have rising narcotrafficking drug violence. And I think that's what fuels a lot of the murder rates.    As we said earlier, you know, 25 million Americans visit Mexico every single year. Very few of those people have any type of problem there. You know, tourism is a very big business. We're acutely aware that certain places where the drug cartels, either one is trying to take over another or there's a split in the organization, and that's what happened in Matamoros over the last year essentially, the violence can certainly spike.    I think we do try to differentiate between those places where the violence is going up and make sure that that's reflected in our warnings and tell people that. I think we try to be accurate about what the real threats are to Americans there and give them the general idea. But it is not a level of violence that is all over Mexico. It is in different cities and primarily where the drug traffickers are contesting territory.    Mr. Starr. We have a consular agency there, right? Not a consulate. We have a consular agent there.    Mr. Starr. I think since 2010, we've had two Americans that were killed.    Mr. Starr. Right.    Mr. Starr. The announcements went out to the post, I believe, last week.    Congressman, I appreciate how much you're concerned about the danger pay. I can have staff come up here and work with your staff and explain how we do this and how we grade these things, if that would be helpful.    Mr. Starr. No, sir, we had our differences.    Mr. Starr. I know that, sir. But I think if we could show you detailed how we actually look at each post, what the ratings are, what we do to go into it, and I think my staff working with your staff could give you----    Mr. Starr. This was not about cutting any benefits.    Mr. Starr. Matamoros went up. Matamoros went up.    Mr. Starr. Yes, some.    Mr. Starr. But it's based on the conditions on the ground, sir.    Mr. Starr. No. They can be across the border and be in a Wal-Mart and be in a Dairy Queen very quickly.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir.    Mr. Starr. Sir, I've walked that ground. I've talked with those people. I look at our security every single day. There is nobody that is more concerned with the security of our people overseas than I am. Their allowances----    Mr. Starr. I'm sorry, sir.    Mr. Starr. Sir, I start every morning----    Mr. Starr. Sir----    Mr. Starr. Sir----    Mr. Starr. I start every single day looking at the threats to our people worldwide.    Mr. Starr. No, sir, I'm not. And I'll bring staff up and we'll work with your staff.