    Mr. Weber. Good morning, Chairman Shimkus, Vice Chairman Harper, and Ranking Member Tonko, and distinguished members of the subcommittee and the committee.    I appreciate the opportunity to testify this morning on the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission's regulation of low-level radioactive waste.    In my testimony I will highlight, one, NRC's regulatory role working in partnership with the States, two, the current regulatory framework, and three, two current regulatory improvement initiatives.    Since the Congress established the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in 1975, the agency has worked with our State partners to ensure protection of the public health and safety associated with low-level waste management.    This waste is generated by thousands of industrial, academic, medical, and Government licensees across the United States. Disposal of the waste is permitted in 4 operating facilities and the importance of the safe management of commercial low-level waste has long been a matter of congressional interest.    In 1980, the Congress enacted the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act and amended it in 1985. Under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, the NRC regulates the safety and security of the generation, storage, transportation and disposal of commercial low-level waste.    Pursuant to the law, the NRC has relinquished its licensing and enforcement authority over most nuclear materials in 37 States that have entered an agreement with the NRC--so-called agreement States.    An agreement State conducts the regulatory programs that are adequate and compatible with the NRC regulatory requirements and oversees agreement State programs.    The four commercial low-level waste disposal facilities and more than 85 percent of the licensees that generate low-level waste are regulated by the agreement States.    The NRC and agreement States have established a comprehensive regulatory framework that ensures the safety of low-level waste management.    Among the regulations the NRC has established, 10 CFR Part 61 contains the primary regulations governing the disposal of low-level waste.    The promulgation of Part 61 in 1982 was driven by some of the same factors that prompted the Congress to enact the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of 1980, including the need to establish a stable regulatory regime to govern safe disposal of the waste.    The NRC is currently working to improve the regulations and the regulatory framework. Several years ago, the commission initiated development of a rule making proposal to improve Part 61 with respect to waste streams that were not contemplated at the time of the initial development of the rule in the late 1970s such as the disposal of significant quantities of depleted uranium waste.    On March 26th of this year, the commission published for public comment a proposed rule and associated draft guide and NRC solicited comments from the public and also conducted five public meetings in the vicinity of the operating disposal facilities.    The comment period for this proposed rule closed last month, September 21st. The NRC staff is currently analyzing public comments.    As we develop the final rule, we will continue to work closely with the agreement States and we expect to provide a draft rule for commission consideration in 2016.    The second initiative is the disposal of greater-than-Class C waste. This waste has concentration of radio nuclides that exceed the limits established by the NRC for Class C waste and is generally not therefore suitable for near surface disposal.    Congress assigned the responsibility for the disposal of this waste to the Federal Government and required that the waste be disposed of in a facility licensed by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.    In 1989, the commission amended its regulations in Part 61 to require such waste be disposed of in a geologic repository or in an alternative disposal facility approved by the commission.    On January 30th, 2015, the State of Texas sent a letter to the NRC enquiring whether a State, as an agreement State, can regulate the disposal of this waste.    In July 2015, the NRC staff provided the commission with an analysis of the associated issues along with options and a recommendation that the NRC allow the State of Texas to regulate the disposal of the waste.    NRC also recommended that NRC conduct a rule making to establish regulatory requirements covering this waste and on August 13th, 2015 the commission held a public meeting with the staff, the State of Texas and stakeholders to discuss the issue and the commission is currently considering how best to proceed.    NRC believes its regulatory program adequately protects the public health and safety. We work with our agreement State partners to accomplish the safety mission.    I want to thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today and I would be pleased to respond to your questions.    Mr. Weber. Yes, I would be pleased to.    In fact, there are multiple barriers that are required as part of a low-level waste disposal facility. So the very design of a facility is intended to provide defense in depth to accomplish the safety of the operation and the long-term protection of the environment from the waste.    These are site characteristics, engineered features, barriers that are incorporated in the disposal facility, waste characteristics.    These all contribute to the defense in depth, and defense in depth is one of the fundamental principles of nuclear safety and it is applied not just for disposal facilities but also for nuclear power plants and other facilities.    Mr. Weber. Absolutely.    Mr. Weber. We did a cost benefit analysis as part of the regulatory analysis to support the proposed rule and we got comment on that.    One of the principal areas of public comment that we received is on this whole topic of retrospective application of those requirements.    So it will be one of the key issues the commission will consider in finalizing the rule.    Mr. Weber. We have not established those limits and that is one of the issues that currently is pending before the commission.    Mr. Weber. We offered several options for the commission's consideration and until the commission makes its decision we don't have a final position on it.    Mr. Weber. Yes.    Mr. Weber. Categories of radioactive waste that are managed in the United States are established in statute. So it would require legal changes to afford that kind of an approach.    Now, NRC actually explored the merits of this back in the 1980s through a notice and comment rule making and the conclusion of that rule making was such that the commission decided to continue with adherence to the existing statutory definitions.    Mr. Weber. If I could respond.    From NRC's perspective that was a subject of the proposed rule that we put out for public comment. So we have discussed and engaged members of the public stakeholders in both public meetings and in consideration of their comments on the proposed rule.    Mr. Weber. I would say from NRC's perspective, actually our disposal requirements dating back to 1982 were one of the earliest risk-informed performance-based regulations that the NRC issued.    While you can always refine that as we learn through experience and also the development of enhanced analytical techniques, that is part of why we continually review our regulations to ensure that they are delivering on the safety and protection of the environment while not imposing an undue burden on the parties that we regulate.    Mr. Weber. OK. NRC--the rule that I mentioned previously back in the 1980s we did consider whether there should be an overarching framework regulation established to ensure that there is consistency and coherency to the national radioactive waste management framework.    The conclusion of that rule at that time was that such an overarching framework was not necessary. Now, having said that, the initial development of these regulations dates back to the 1970s and there was a high-level interagency group that established the basic foundations of the way that we manage radioactive waste in the United States today.    Mr. Weber. We received about a hundred separate distinct comment letters, many very thoughtful comments. We also received a large number of form responses.    So we have our work cut out for us to go through the range of issues that we heard comments on.    Mr. Weber. No, it closed in late September.    Mr. Weber. That is correct.    Mr. Weber. Some of the commissioners have voted, but until they all complete their votes there won't be a decision from----    Mr. Weber. They try to do it as expeditiously as they see fit. In terms of your request on the alternatives, the staff recommended alternative two, which would allow the State of Texas to license the disposal of it.    But they would require the commission to move forward and develop the criteria upon which that decision would be based so that the commission could fulfill its responsibilities under the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of approving the disposal of the greater-than-Class C waste.    And the other options NRC could issue the license. That is not very appealing from the NRC's perspective--the staff's perspective as laid out in the paper for a variety of reasons.    And the final option is the do nothing or the no action alternative. That is also not very appealing, given that the waste exists and the commission's obligation is to fulfil its mission, which is protecting the public health and safety.    Given that, disposal of that waste is a prudent approach.    Mr. Weber. Only on a very limited basis. After the Congress enacted the legislation, the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Amendments Act, in 1985, there were a handful of instances where the operating disposal facilities, the States, came to the NRC and said we would like permission to dispose of this small quantity of waste and so NRC did work with the States.    Clearly, if the commission moves forward on the options that were presented to it by the NRC staff, we would be working quite closely with the State of Texas.    Mr. Weber. Absolutely, sir.    That is part of our process. The staff will formulate a recommendation. We will also work with the agreement States in formulating the recommendations to go back to the commission.    So there will be lots of discussion on that topic. It did get a lot of comments.    Mr. Weber. I believe that is a topic that is currently under commission consideration.    Mr. Weber. Do you want to answer that?    Mr. Weber. Yes.    Mr. Weber. The staff completed the safety evaluation report for Yucca Mountain and we are currently working on the supplement to the environmental impact statement on Yucca Mountain.    And when we conclude that, we will have largely exhausted the congressionally appropriated funds for NRC licensing work on Yucca Mountain.    What we considered in formulating our recommendations to the commission on greater-than-Class C waste is a response to the State of Texas proposal as an alternative to what is required today in Part 61. That would be something other than a geologic repository.    So the advice--the recommendations we provided to the commission was the consideration of near surface or sub near surface disposal as an alternative for geologic repository disposal of greater-than-Class C waste.    Mr. Weber. I would like to add to what my colleague offered. We are working with the State of Nevada to understand what happened at the Beatty low-level radioactive waste disposal facility.    The part of the facility that was affected by the explosion and fire. I understand there is a trench that was---waste was placed into and the--around 1972, perhaps '69 to 1973 time frame, far predating the requirements that we put in place in 1982, and those regulations were put in place in Part 61 specifically to enhance the level of protection associated with the safe management of the radioactive waste--things like waste characteristics, waste forms that did not exist at that time. So we are trying to learn with the State about what happened.    My understanding is that there were no elevated levels of radiation associated with the fire and the explosion. So while it is not something that is desired to occur at a disposal facility. The public is safe in the vicinity of that facility.    Mr. Weber. The greater-than-Class C waste contains higher concentrations of longer lived radionuclides and thus the disposal of that waste requires higher barriers so that the public is protected over a long period of time and that is the focus of the State of Texas their review and so would also be the focus of the NRC in working with the State of Texas.