    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I would ask unanimous consent to put in the record a letter from Congresswoman DeLauro addressed to you and Mr. Green.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.    Increasing access to nutrition information can play an important role in fighting our Nation's battle against obesity and diet-related disease. Obesity in this country is far too common, affecting nearly 78 million adults and 13 million children. It is also a serious and costly public health problem, with obesity-related conditions such as heart disease, stroke, Type 2 diabetes, and others being some of the leading causes of preventable death.    While there are many factors that may contribute to obesity, we know that overconsumption of calories is one of the primary causes, and that is why I have supported efforts to provide access to nutrition information to consumers.    Thanks to the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act, of which I was a cosponsor, this info has long been available on packaged food items that you find on the shelves of your grocery store. But it has not always been available to American families when eating out away from home. This is a critical gap when you consider that American families are eating out twice as often as they have in the past and spend nearly half of their food dollars on food made outside of their home.    Congress sought to address this gap when it passed Federal menu labeling requirements in 2010 as part of the Affordable Care Act. Under the law, restaurants and retail food establishments with 20 or more locations doing business under the same name and offering the same menu items are required to put calorie information on their menus and offer more detailed nutritional information upon request. The availability of this information will help consumers make informed choices about the food they are purchasing for themselves or for their families.    This was not a new idea. Prior to the passage of Federal menu labeling requirements, more than 20 States and localities had passed some type of menu labeling requirements, including California, New York City, and even here in the D.C. area in Montgomery County, Maryland.    These efforts and widespread support from consumers for access to this information led the restaurant industry to work closely with Congress to draft a strong Federal menu labeling policy that would provide for consistent requirements for restaurants and retail food establishments and clear information to consumers. After much discussion and much debate, FDA issued final regulations implementing the menu labeling requirements in December last year. And I know this was a challenging issue for the Agency, and I want to thank FDA for following the intent of the law while also taking into consideration the concerns raised in the more than 1,000 comments received.    We will hear from our witnesses today that there are areas of the final rule where additional guidance may be warranted, such as what constitutes a menu, how to address the concerns of covered entities that offer prepared food items in various parts of their store, among others.    I am sympathetic to these concerns and agree that further clarification is needed, particularly for establishments without prior menu labeling experience, such as grocery stores or convenience stores. However, I do not believe legislative action is necessary. The FDA has worked to minimize the cost and burden for covered establishments and worked closely with industry to address their areas of concern. I have no reason to believe nor any evidence that the Agency will not continue to work with these stakeholders to address their concerns.    Further, we know that FDA is currently working on a guidance document to clarify some of the outstanding issues that we will hear about today.    It is for these reasons that I do not support H.R. 2017 and instead would support providing covered establishments additional time to comply with the final menu labeling rule.    I thank our witnesses for their work on this issue and look forward to hearing more about the legislation.    Iwould yield the rest of my time to Ms. Matsui.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am listening to Mr. Shimkus describe mixing the sodas at the fountain and I have to tell you, I hate that. I am a purist. Some of those machines now, you press Coke and it gives you five different Cokes. And I am always afraid I am going to get the Cherry Coke and mix it with the regular because I don't like to do that.    But, anyway, I guess I am going to be asking questions about pizza here. I want to start with Dr. Wootan. I am interested in how H.R. 2017 treats serving sizes and how it differs from FDA's final menu labeling rule. The FDA final rule allows pizza slices to provide calorie counts for pizza or per standard slice with a listing of the number of slices per pizza. But H.R. 2017 seems to allow something very similar. It would allow covered establishments to list the number or servings and number of calories per serving or to list the number of calories per the common unit division of the standard menu item, such as for a multi-serving item that is typically divided before presentation to the consumer.    So the question is, do you think that the FDA final rule and H.R. 2017 are offering two different approaches to accomplishing the same policy goal? Or are there substantive differences between them? And if there are difference, could you explain their implications.    Mr. Pallone. All right thank you. Let me ask Ms. Raskopf, we have heard from pizza places and convenience stores about the difficulties they face with coming up with calorie counts for the myriad of choices they offer, whether it is the 34 million different combinations of pizzas or the 40 different calorie counts that are possible with self-serve soda machines. I have to imagine that restaurants also face similar difficulties, given the breadth of items and combinations they also serve on their menus.    So could you tell us whether things are just much simpler for the restaurant industry or whether you are finding ways to address similarly complicated issues?    Mr. Pallone. I think you are right. I mean, I think that I am a little bit like Mr. Shimkus in that I don't pay much attention to it. But I think maybe that is because we are older. I think younger people pay a lot of attention. And maybe we should pay more attention frankly. So thanks a lot.