    Mr. Orner. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today.    I am Jeffery Orner, DHS's chief readiness support officer, a career civil servant with 35 years of experience in the Federal Government, including executive leadership positions at Department of the Navy, the Coast Guard, and DHS headquarters. My office provides policy and oversight of DHS's real estate, mobile assets such as vehicles and aircraft, environmental compliance, logistics, and personal property, including firearms. Our goal is providing our dedicated workforce nationwide with the operational tools and support they need to keep our nation safe and to be strictly responsible stewards of government resources as we carry out those missions. Today, I will discuss how the Department ensures accountability for firearms and ammunition.    DHS is the Nation's largest law enforcement agency. Firearms are critical tools for the men and women who perform the Department's various law enforcement missions on the borders, in our cities, and in the maritime domain. Any lost firearm is a very serious matter, and my office has placed strict controls on reporting requirements to ensure 100 percent accountability at all times.    The foundations of our program are personal accountability, rigorous internal controls, and comprehensive data that we use to continually improve our internal controls over the DHS firearms program. I am pleased to report that DHS has made significant progress in reducing the number of firearms lost each year. Since the inspector general reported on this issue in 2010, DHS's weapons portfolio has increased by 9 percent. However, at the same time we have cut our annual firearms losses by 28 percent. DHS annual firearms losses now stand at 69 annually out of a total inventory of more than 204,000 weapons. This represents a loss rate of approximately 3/100 of 1 percent of our inventory.    In performing our headquarters role we have significantly improved the management and oversight of firearms, as well as all accountable personal property and sensitive assets through implementing the first DHS-wide firearms policy in April 2010, which we updated again in 2013. We strengthened the DHS management directive covering personal property asset management in 2012, and we updated the DHS personal property asset management manual in 2013.    Through these governing documents, we have established strict accountability procedures that clearly guide how our operational components are to process lost, damaged, or stolen property, including firearms. For example, those procedures require immediate internal notifications, as well as external alerts to law enforcement authorities in the event of any lost or stolen firearms, law enforcement badges and credentials, or other mission-critical assets. Departmental policy also requires our components to establish internal policies to ensure proper accountability, tracking, loss reporting, and safeguarding of all firearms.    In addition to improved policy and procedures, we also enhanced our data systems. Since 2012, department-wide reporting and tracking of lost, damaged, destroyed, and stolen government property has greatly improved with increased visibility of our data. For example, we moved from a system of manually combining multiple spreadsheets into one form to a real-time database that is updated directly by our operational components and is visible to my staff at headquarters. This enables DHS to monitor compliance with policy and procedures for firearms and other accountable assets through a monthly scorecard measure utilizing standards derived from the American Society for Testing and Materials.    Although it's clear we've made progress in reducing the number of lost and stolen firearms, the loss of any firearm is unacceptable. At the same time, it is important to understand that unlike the military, which generally does not allow its members to take firearms off base and usually stores them in a secure armory, DHS law enforcement personnel are seldom without their weapon. They take them home with them, carry them in their vehicles, and employ them in a very austere, demanding environment because they are always on call to respond.    One example of such a loss involves a U.S. Border Patrol officer stationed in Arizona near the southern U.S. border. The officer's home was burglarized and his service weapon, a pistol, which was secured in a CBP-issued lockbox, was stolen. In this case, as in other similar cases, it could be surmised that the officer and his residence were known in the community, thereby making his residence an optimal target for such a theft.    Given the environment in which our law enforcement agents operate, it is very difficult to ensure all losses--to eliminate all losses. However, when the losses occur, our procedures are very clear. The officer's supervisor is notified within 2 hours, as is local law enforcement. This initiates a chain of events leading up to a formal report, a survey being completed, and a lost, damaged, or destroyed report, which is sent to my office where the information is loaded into our data system and incorporated into our scorecard measures of loss rates, submission timelines, and adjudication timelines. Follow-on investigations and any disciplinary actions are determined by each operational component by the operational chain of command.    The Department takes very seriously its role as a steward of government resources, and we will continue to evaluate our current policies and procedures, and we will continue to identify areas for improvement and to act on those.    Thank you for the opportunity to give my opening statement today. I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Orner. Congressman, that is a critical issue. However, I am responsible for the Department's real and personal property and for ----    Mr. Orner. I do not have professional involvement in the issue. The Department would be happy to provide you with a witness who can address that, but I can only discuss our property-related programs. I'm sorry.    Mr. Orner. No, you can't.    Mr. Orner. No, Congressman.    Mr. Orner. I will stand by my answer.    Mr. Orner. As I noted in my opening testimony, we take this issue very seriously, and we have comprehensive data about the program. And we examine those data for trends. One of the things we noted several years ago was that the majority of our lost weapons are in fact stolen, and most of those are in fact stolen from vehicles. When we saw that trend, what we did was put in place at ICE and at our other components a requirement that any officer who is permitted to carry a weapon in a vehicle now has a gun locker in that vehicle. And that is in place at ICE and department-wide.    Mr. Orner. Yes.    Mr. Orner. The locked vehicle, the locker, and yes, any magazines or components of the--associated with the weapon are required to be in that gun locker.    Mr. Orner. Just about 2 years.    Mr. Orner. I can't give you the exact date but it was roughly 2 years.    Mr. Orner. Disciplinary action is handled by the operational chain of command. I am not a part of the operational chain of command, so I don't have an involvement in individual disciplinary actions.    Mr. Orner. I'm aware of the tragic incident, of course, but I do not know the--that individual action. I can get that--I can get back to you on that.    Mr. Orner. That particular incident didn't lead to policy changes. It led to more scrutiny and a new look at the implementation of our current policy.    Mr. Orner. Well, what we have learned is the criticality of securing officers' weapons in their homes and in their vehicles. Every ----    Mr. Orner. That is a given. Every individual case of a lost or stolen weapon is investigated. The actions taken as a result of those losses depend on the nature of the incident. Somebody who does not follow procedures and leaves a weapon sitting on the seat of a car, that would mandate a disciplinary action. On the other hand, if you have, for example, a Coast Guard officer doing a boarding who is jostled and loses the weapon overboard, that's an entirely different type of situation although it's still a lost weapon. So the action taken is dependent on the nature of the incident and ----    Mr. Orner. I certainly think that that's an issue worthy of evaluation. I'm reliant on the marketplace, and those types of technologies to my knowledge aren't in the marketplace today. But as it's evaluated as it's become available, we will of course take a very close look at that, and we will determine in which of our operations such technologies will be efficient and effective and will improve the safety of the weapon.    Mr. Orner. The only crime I'm aware of is the one that the chairman noted. I do not know that, but we will get back to you. We can go back to the National Criminal Investigation database.    Mr. Orner. Yes. We regularly recover firearms.    Mr. Orner. Well, for example, in 2015 we reported 72 lost firearms. We would now adjust that number to 56 to account for those recoveries.    Mr. Orner. I think it has something to do with the nature of their operations. You have agents in the field sometimes running through vigorous environments.    Mr. Orner. There's no excuse for losing a weapon, Congressman.    Mr. Orner. The size of the organization and the nature of their mission would be the reasons. There is still no excuse for losing a weapon.    Mr. Orner. We have very detailed procedures on ----    Mr. Orner. It means you did not follow established procedures. For example ----    Mr. Orner. Overwhelmingly, our agents in the field do follow direction.    Mr. Orner. I would agree that any case of improperly handling a weapon is unacceptable. Seventy-five percent of our weapons losses were in fact thefts.    Mr. Orner. We use a strategic sourcing on the purchasing of ammunition to get the best price. The numbers you quote ----    Mr. Orner. I am not familiar with the issue of bayonets, and I will ----    Mr. Orner. That may also be ----    Mr. Meadows.--in ceremonial units for DHS?    Mr. Orner. That may also be a contract ceiling, but I will get back with you with the data on that. And on the issue of in ammunition, we do issue an annual comprehensive report on the purchase ----    Mr. Orner. For the what?    Mr. Orner. Did we code it that way?    Mr. Orner. Absolutely not and it ----    Mr. Cartwright.--agree with that. For example, we have to make sure our background check systems have the appropriate information in place so we can actually make sure that people who are prohibited from having guns actually do not have guns. That is why I support the administration's efforts in this area. Attorney General Lynch has written the States on how important it is that they share relevant information so that the background check system can be accurate. The FBI is overhauling the system to make it more efficient in order to improve processing times. Even the Social Security Administration is working to make sure appropriate information is shared with background checks system about people prohibited from getting guns for mental health reasons.    Again, what are we doing here in Congress? Well, we are trying to change the subject. Just a few weeks ago, House Republican leadership blocked Democratic efforts to bring legislation to the Floor that would prevent suspected terrorists from buying guns. Somebody needs to pinch me. Why would you prevent a bill like that from coming to the Floor? They wouldn't even allow a vote.    Even now, even now after Americans across this country have protested, Speaker Ryan won't agree to hold a vote on meaningful gun violence measures. Instead, Speaker Ryan will allow a vote only on a proposal that was written by the National Rifle Association and rejected by the Senate, and even this now, even this deficient measure is being pulled back. It is unacceptable. There is still no action on legislation that would help improve our background checks, which is critically needed to keep guns out of the wrong hands.    Mr. Orner, if we can stop the flow of guns to criminals, would this help support DHS's efforts to keep our nation safe?    Mr. Orner. As a general statement, the obvious answer is yes.    Mr. Orner. Absolutely, Congressman. Anybody who is issued a firearm in the Department of Homeland Security must first go through training. There is, of course, requalification training on a regular basis. The content of the training that officers are required to take varies depending on the mission of the component of which they are a part. So if you'd like, I can give you a ----    Mr. Orner.--comprehensive list of those.    Mr. Russell.--to notice that because it appears we have some training deficiencies with retention of firearms, with leaving firearms in a vehicle instead of on your person or not having them as a part of your duties. Maybe they would be left unattended. That is a serious breach of any trained officer, and so it goes to really another question. And to you, Mr. Orner, okay, we had 69 firearms lost for 204,000 in a particular year. What happened to the 69 agents that lost possession of their firearm?    Mr. Orner. In every case the supervisor is notified of the loss within 2 hours ----    Mr. Orner. The nature of the discipline depends on the circumstances of the loss. They're--each one of those losses is investigated by the operational chain of command who takes the appropriate action. I don't have a personal involvement. It wouldn't be appropriate ----    Mr. Orner. Yes, I would agree with that.    Mr. Orner. We do have the largest number. We have 204,000 weapons.    Mr. Orner. Losses or thefts over the last 4 years averages 69 of the 204,000.