    Ms. Capps. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing, and I am going to thank our witnesses for your testimonies.    Investing in and implementing technologies that embrace and improve upon energy efficiency is critical. It is clear that this is not a simple task. Improvements must be made in every sector of our lives from every day consumer products to industrial applications. This is exactly why Congress first enacted legislation on improving energy efficiency and established much needed conservation measures.    And one of the most important questions when it comes to energy efficiency is how we can provide ample energy-efficient and cost-effective lighting for people all across the world. Our societies are built around an infrastructure that supports sufficient, affordable and reliable light.    Just as it is across the world, the pursuit of innovations and efficient lighting has been and continues to be important to my congressional district. In fact, the community in my district where I live, Santa Barbara, has been instrumental in the development of LED technology, as you both know. Shuji Nakamura is a professor in the materials science department at UC Santa Barbara, has spent decades working on LED technology including developing a process for producing the bright blue LED. And the blue LED in turn allowed for the development of the white LED, an incredibly efficient form of lighting that is changing the landscape of consumer and industrial lighting as we know it.    Recognizing the importance of this research, Professor Nakamura was awarded the Nobel Prize in physics in 2014 along with two other researchers. And my campus, the UC Santa Barbara, continues to lead the way in research into LED technologies.    Santa Barbara is also the home of the research lab for CREE, which is one of the market leading innovators of consumer LED technology. CREE was responsible for the production of the first LED that was appropriate for general consumer lighting and continues to lead the way in innovation production of energy-efficient LEDs.    Again my district has been at the forefront of accessible lighting around the world. For example, the Institute for Energy Efficiency at UC Santa Barbara has worked with the nonprofit Unite to Light to provide reading lamps to people across the world which replaces dangerous kerosene lamps with solar charged LED reading lights. I have one of these in my home. They are very efficient. And these lights improve health and promote education by providing safe and reliable lighting around the world. Unite to Light has distributed over 50,000 lights in 64 countries to date.    And these innovations are making a difference, and while we certainly need these innovators and entrepreneurs, we also need to ensure that we have a legislative landscape that supports and encourages the continued development of this and other similar technologies.    So Ms. Amann, based on the testimony you provided, it seems the current rule from the DOE has the potential to significantly impact the continued growth and availability of LED technology. Can you elaborate on how the availability of LED technology would be impacted by the existing rule in the absence of proposed legislation?    Ms. Capps. OK.    Ms. Capps. I wanted to ask Dr. Hakkarainen, would the legislation that we are discussing today help to ensure that research and implementation of technologies to improve LED lighting will continue and, if so, how?    Ms. Capps. I appreciate that. Thank you very much. I yield back.