    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, the thread that holds the tapestry of our country together is respect for and adherence to the rule of law. The law is the greatest unifying and the greatest equalizing force that we have in our culture. The law is what makes the richest person drive the precise same speed limit as the poorest person. The law is what makes the richest person in this country pay his or her taxes on precisely the same day as the poorest person in this country.    The law, Mr. Chairman, is symbolized by a blindfolded woman holding a set of scales and a sword. The law is both a shield and a sword. And it is the foundation upon which this Republic stands.    We think so highly of the law, Mr. Chairman, that in the oath of citizenship administered to those who pledge allegiance to this country, to their new country, it makes six different references to the law. So attempts to undermine the law via Executive fiat, regardless of motivation, are detrimental to the foundation of a democracy.    President Obama, after the November midterm elections, I hasten to add, announced one of the largest extraconstitutional acts ever by a Chief Executive. He declared, unilaterally, almost 5 million undocumented aliens would receive deferred action under some newfangled definition of prosecutorial discretion. Moreover, in addition to using prosecutorial discretion as a license to rewrite the law, he also conferred benefits on those same people.    You may like the policy. You may wish the policy where the law. But one person does not make law in a republic. If you enjoy a single person making law, you should investigate living in another country, because our Framers did not give us, nor have generations of our fellow citizens fought and served and sacrificed for a single person to make law in a unilateral way.    So removing consequences for breaking the law is one thing. Distilling benefits such as work authorization and immigration benefits is another.    The President himself recognized his own inability to do this, Mr. Chairman. More than 20 separate times he said he lacked the power to do what he ultimately did.    In 2011, he said this, and I quote, ``The notion that I could just suspend deportations through Executive orders, that is just not the case.'' He told us time and time again, Mr. Chairman, that he was not a king.    His position may have changed, but the Constitution has not. And that document is clear and it is time-tested and it is true, and it says that Congress passes laws and it is the responsibility of the Chief Executive to take care that those laws are faithfully enforced.    Prosecutorial discretion----    Mr. Gowdy. Is that better, Mr. Court Reporter? Let me see where I was.    His position may have changed, but the Constitution has not. Prosecutorial discretion is real and constitutionally valid, Mr. Chairman, but it is not a synonym for anarchy.    As U.S. District Court Judge Andrew Hanen wrote in his recent opinion, DHS does have discretion in the manner in which it chooses to fulfill the express will of Congress. It cannot, however, enact a program whereby it not only ignores the dictates of Congress, but actively moves to thwart them.    The Constitution gives the President a lot of power, Mr. Chairman. He is the Commander in Chief. He nominates the Supreme Court Justices. He can veto legislation for any reason or no reason. He can fail to defend the constitutionality of the law. He has the power of pardon. He has a lot of power, Mr. Chairman.    But what he cannot do is make law by himself. That is the responsibility of the Congress. If this President's unilateral extraconstitutional acts are not stopped, future Presidents, you may rest assured, will expand that power of the executive branch, thereby threatening the constitutional equilibrium.    The argument that previous Administrations have acted outside constitutional boundaries holds no merit with me. The fact that other people made mistakes is not a license for this Executive to do the same thing.    Mr. President, in conclusion, we live in a country where process matters. The end does not justify the means, no matter how good the intentions. When a police officer fails to check the right box on an application for a search warrant, the fruits of that search warrant are suppressed. What a police officer, even though he has the right suspect for the right crime, but he just fails to include one small part of those prophylactic Miranda warnings, what happens? The statement is suppressed, even though you have the right person, even though you have the right crime, because we view process over the end.    And I am going to say this, then I will finish, I will say this to those who benefit from the President's policies, you may be willing to allow the end to justify the means in this case. You may well like the fact that the President has abused prosecutorial discretion and conferred benefits in an unprecedented way. You may benefit from the President's failure to enforce the law today. But I will make you this promise, there will come a day where you will cry out for the enforcement of the law. There will come a day where you long for the law to be the foundation of this Republic. So you be careful what you do with the law today, because if you weaken it today, you weaken it forever.    With that, I would yield back.    Mr. Gowdy . I thank the gentleman from Michigan.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Forbes.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank the gentleman from Virginia.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from New York, Mr. Nadler.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank the gentleman from New York.    The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Franks.    Mr. Gowdy . Thank the gentlelady from California.    The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Judge Gohmert.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank the gentleman from Texas.    The Chair would now recognize the gentlelady from Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. Gowdy. Professor, the gentlelady is out of time, but you may answer the question.    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair thanks the gentlelady from Texas and will now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the former United States Attorney, Mr. Marino.    Mr. Gowdy. I would be thrilled to go to the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan.    Mr. Gowdy. I thank the gentleman from Ohio. The Chair will now recognize----    Mr. Gowdy. Okay.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Cohen.    Mr. Gowdy. I thank the gentleman from Tennessee.    The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Judge Poe.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you. Thank you, Judge Poe.    The Chair would now recognize the gentlelady from California, Ms. Chu.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank the gentlelady from California.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the former U.S. Attorney, Mr. Marino.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Deutch.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank the gentleman from Florida.    The Chair will now recognize himself.    General Laxalt, I want to make one observation before Professor Legomsky and I have a conversation about prosecutorial discretion. My colleague from New York, Mr. Nadler, suggested that you were naive for thinking that the 22 separate times the President said he lacked the power to do what he did, you and I should have realized that that was a political comment and not a legal comment. So what I would ask you to please consider is requiring a disclaimer to go beneath every comment made by an elected official, so we can know going forward whether he or she really means it or whether it is just for political expediency, because I mistakenly thought the chief law enforcement officer for the entire country would mean what he said when he was making a legal observation. And it was just news to me from Mr. Nadler that all of that was just political grandstanding.    So if you can work around the First Amendment limitations and require disclaimers, so we really know whether a candidate or an officer-holder means what he or she is saying, it would be helpful to me. And I would not feel as naive and perhaps you wouldn't either for relying on what the President said.    Now, Professor, what are the limits of the doctrine of prosecutorial discretion?    Mr. Gowdy. So if we fully funded everything he wanted with respect to DHS, he could not suspend any deportations?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, that is what you just said.    Mr. Gowdy. But I just removed that limit. So if we were to fully fund that, he would lack the discretion to not enforce that law, correct?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, what I am trying to get at, Professor, is, if your district attorney decided that he or she was not going to enforce or prosecute any heroin cases because he or she just thought the war on drugs was a lost cause, other than elections, what remedy would the legislative branch have if they disagreed strenuously with that executive branch employee's wholesale refusal to enforce the law? What remedy exists for us?    Mr. Gowdy. So you mean the legislative branch could put in that statute, the word ``shall.'' You shall prosecute.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, what should we put in our DHS funding to let the President know? Help us write that bill, Professor.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, take a crack at it.    Mr. Gowdy. But why does the legislative branch have to pick priorities? Why can't we just say we want the law enforced?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, you would agree with me that the ultimate remedy is the ballot box, right? If the D.A. is not enforcing the law, his or her voters can vote them out, right?    Mr. Gowdy. Do you think the consequences of elections might have been why the President waited until after the midterms to issue his Executive order as opposed to before?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, it is not political confusion, Professor, with all due respect. This is legal confusion, because I am trying to understand what the limits of prosecutorial discretion are.    There are at least three different categories of law. There are certain laws that say you can't do something, like possess child pornography. There are certain laws that require you to do something, like register for selective service. And then there are laws that Congress passes, which require the executive branch to do things, for instance, turn in a budget by certain date.    Is your testimony that the executive has the power to use prosecutorial discretion in all three categories of law?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, give me a fact pattern where a President can refuse to do something that Congress tells him or her to do by a certain date? That is not prosecutorial discretion, with all due respect, Professor. That is anarchy.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, let me ask you this, because I am out of time. Can the President suspend all deportations? And if not, why not?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, how far can he go? Out of the 11 million, if 4 million is okay, can he go up to 8 million?    Mr. Gowdy. What I would love, if you can, and again, I am out of time, I want you, and maybe it is a suggestion for your next law review article, I want to know if Congress fully funds--DHS, does the President then lack the discretion citing the apportionment of resources to exercise discretion.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I would love for you to take a crack at it. In your next law review article, I would love for you to take a crack at it, if you would be willing to do so.    The Chair would now recognize his friend from New York, Mr. Jeffries.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. I thank my friend from New York.    Before I go to the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Laxalt, I would say, I think have any independent attorney general is a great idea, something we ought to try on the national level at some point.    With that, Mr. Labrador?    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman is out of time. The professor may answer, if he would like to.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman is out of time. I thank the gentleman from Idaho.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Illinois, and apologize for overlooking him last time. It was inadvertent.    Mr. Gowdy. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Illinois controls the time.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Illinois controls the time.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Illinois controls the time.    Mr. Gowdy. Just so the gentleman knows, we stopped the clock.    The gentleman from Illinois.    Mr. Gowdy. I am trying to treat my friend from Illinois in a good way.    Mr. Gowdy. No, you do not need to apologize. I thank the gentleman from Illinois.    The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Texas, the former U.S. Attorney, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. Gowdy. I think he is from Georgia.    Mr. Gowdy. We kicked him out of South Carolina several years ago. He has warrants outstanding. He is from Georgia now.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Texas is out of time, but you can answer the question as succinctly as you can, Professor.    Mr. Gowdy. Say them as quickly as you can. I am already 2 minutes over, okay?    Mr. Gowdy. Thank the gentleman from Texas.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Bishop.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank the gentleman from Michigan.    The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Ohio yields back his time.    The gentleman from Florida, Mr. DeSantis, is recognized.    Mr. Gowdy. I thank the gentleman from Florida, on behalf of all of us.    This concludes today's hearing. We want to thank our four panelists for your collegiality with the Members of the Committee and your collegiality with one another. It has been very educational. I felt like we were back in law school, so most of us will be waiting on our C- grades later on this afternoon. Maybe not DeSantis or Zoe, but the rest of us will be.    So, without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    With that, our thanks again to each of you. And we are adjourned.