    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Madam Chair, first off, thanks for your participation in today's hearing. Last Friday, I joined business owners and community leaders back in my district in Pennsylvania to discuss the state of the Nation, and joining me at that meeting was a research analyst from the Philadelphia Federal Reserve, and she gave a detailed and very informative presentation about the status of our local economy, southeastern Pennsylvania, and the national economy. And while her presentation was great, I would say riveting even, from looking at the business leaders who were there, the takeaways from it were not always so.    Here is how my hometown newspaper, the Bucks County Courier Times, put it in the lead sentence of their Sunday story, ``Welcome to the new normal of slow but steady economic growth and higher `natural' unemployment across the Philadelphia region.''    Later in the same article, and this was a quote from the analyst, ``We are in a new normal of lower growth in the long run, and we just need to get used to that.''    This trend of lower levels of growth, slower growth, and higher levels of unemployment in the future is one that troubles me, and it is one that I hope Members of Congress and the Federal Reserve have not resigned themselves to.    So my question to you is this: Do you think that this new normal that was discussed in Philadelphia this past week of slower growth that is being predicted, is that acceptable?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. The question is, Chair--    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Should we, on either side of the aisle, settle for that, what is being predicted by the Federal Reserve as slower growth and a higher normal rate of unemployment?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. But a much, a much lower participation rate, correct?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Madam Chair, many of us are concerned about the growth of entitlement spending and its effect on spending here in Washington and the debt. Entitlement spending is rising faster than the economy is being predicted to grow. Would you agree?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. The demographics are not on our side.    Mr. Fitzpatrick. The deficit is coming down, but the truth is the bubble of retirees has not hit us yet. Is that correct?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. What are you prepared to recommend?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. I thank the Chair.