    Mr. Murphy. Well, good morning. Welcome here to the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee hearing.    I just want to say it's Mental Health Month, so it's fitting that we are here today on this issue. This is the third in a series of hearings examining the growing problem of prescription drugs and heroin addiction that is ravaging our country. This is our Nation's single biggest public health concern.    Over the past 5 weeks, this subcommittee has heard from addiction experts working with local communities and our leading academic and research centers. Dr. Robert DuPont, the former White House Chief of Drug Control Policy and the first director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, testified that Federal programs lack direction and standards on treating addiction as a chronic condition, and noted what is being done to follow up with patients to prevent relapses and put them on a path of real recovery? He challenged us to even ask the most fundamental question, ``What is recovery?''    Dr. Anna Lembke of Stanford Medical School provided critical testimony on how we must revise our healthcare quality measures to reduce overprescribing, reform medical privacy regulations, and incentivize the use of prescription drug monitoring programs.    We know that those with opiate addiction disorders need a broad range of treatment options and that many with substance abuse disorders have co-occurring psychiatric disorders, but we need to tear down Federal policy and funding barriers that keep us from treating both simultaneously.    About 3 weeks ago, one of today's witnesses, Mr. Michael Botticelli, the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, presented a slide--I'm going to show it here--at the National Rx Summit on major causes of death from injury from 1999 to 2013. Quite a revealing slide. While the trends of other major causes of death, such as auto accidents went down, drug poisoning continued to go up 21 percent from 2008 till 2013. In many States, these numbers are soaring at high double-digit rate increases. As Mr. Botticelli has indicated to me privately and at the Rx Summit, we must do better, and we have much work to do.    Today, we will hear from Federal agencies charged with providing guidance, direction, and leadership in our Nation's public health response to the opiate epidemic. No Federal agency is more central in this ongoing epidemic than the Department of Health and Human Services or HHS. HHS and its Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, also known as SAMHSA, are responsible for leading our Nation's public health response to the opiate heroin abuse and addiction crisis.    SAMHSA regulates our country's 1,300 opiate treatment programs, and SAMHSA is responsible for certifying the 26,000 physicians who prescribe the most commonlyused opiate maintenance medication, buprenorphine. According to testimony provided by SAMHSA before this subcommittee in April of last year, there were nearly 1.5 million people treated with these opiate maintenance medications in 2012, which is a fivefold increase in the last 10 years.    Has SAMHSA defined the goal of recovery for what these federally subsidized treatment programs are supposed to accomplish? Is SAMHSA collecting and evaluating meaningful data at an individualized level that would hold grant recipients individually accountable for effective results? So far, preliminary examination indicates the answers are no. And when you don't define where you're going, every road you take still leaves you lost. So we're hoping we can get some direction today.    The numbers indicate we are failing as a Nation, and we darn well better come to terms with that. The 43,000 lives lost last year, the thousands of babies born addicted to opiates tell us the terrible toll this epidemic has taken. You've heard my thoughts about the Government-sponsored promotion of what I've characterized as addiction maintenance, and I refer to buprenorphine as heroin helper, not because the medication is altogether lacking, because it is helpful, but rather, because infrastructure the Federal Government has created for the use of this highly potent and important medication is not fully working and, worse yet, in many cases, contributing to the growing problem. This has to be fixed, and I hope we'll find some solutions, and that is what we need to discuss today openly, honestly, and humbly.    If we do not reverse the current trend, where is this going to end? How many millions of citizens do we want to have on opiate maintenance? How many more must die? And how many more lives and dreams must be shattered before we recognize the depth of this national scourge?    Now, I don't believe in better living through dependency. And, again, please do not misconstrue this critique as a general indictment of opiate maintenance. It is not. For some people, opiate maintenance is the most appropriate bridge treatment, and there should be no shame or stigma associated with it. But opiate maintenance therapy should not be the only treatment offered to the opiate-dependent individuals, and it is not the only goal.    What patients on opiate maintenance can be successfully transition off of these medications? What protocols are best for affecting this transition? What are the best practice for prevention of relapse for those patients who end opiate maintenance treatment? There are nonaddictive medications approved for this use, but are these medications widely available and how well do they work?    The diversion of buprenorphine for illicit nonmedical use is a related problem, because this is how the opiate epidemic can be spread. According to the DEA, buprenorphine is the third most often seized prescription opiate by law enforcement today. Where is a call to modernize our existing opiate addiction treatment system to ensure that the right patient gets the right treatment at the right time? Why aren't we hearing about expanding access to nonaddictive narcotic treatments that have zero potential for abuse or diversion, such as Naltrexone and evidence-based counseling? These are all incredibly important tools, and we want to make sure HHS talks more about these.    Last week, Dr. Westley Clark, the former Director of SAMHSA Center for Substance Abuse treatment and the man who oversaw the growth of buprenorphine over the past decade declared before the American Society of Addiction Medicine that many buprenorphine practices have become pill mills where doctors and dealers were increasingly indistinguishable and physician negligence and alleged laboratory fraud prevailed. The problem is not with buprenorphine, however. The problem lies with current practices, and this is what we need to discuss.    I consider opiate maintenance as a bridge for those with addiction disorders to cross over in the recovery process. And as I said, it is not a final destination. We seek to lay out a vision for recovery that includes complete withdrawal from opiates as an option. For cancer, for diabetes, for AIDS, we want people to be free of the diseases, not just learn to live with it. We need to commit the same sorts of things through our research and clinical efforts that boldly declare what we must change here.    I thank our witnesses for being here today.    Mr. Murphy. And I now recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. DeGette from Colorado, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. States.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. And I know that they'll be calling votes at 9:30 for first vote series.    Mr. Murphy. Something has changed. First and only vote series of the day. I'm here for the duration, so we want to hear from you and hopefully the members.    And now we recognize Mr. Upton.    Mr. Murphy. That's what it says now.    Mr. Murphy. OK. All right.    Mr. Murphy. All right.    Mr. Pallone, 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Murphy. See how much we get along?    Mr. Murphy. Is there anybody else on either side that needs recognition? Go right into this.    OK. Let me find my----    Mr. Murphy. Yes. You can yield your minutes to Mr. Kennedy of Massachusetts.    Mr. Murphy. OK. All right. Let me now introduce the witnesses on the panel for today's hearing. We have the Honorable Michael Botticelli, the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, which is part of the Executive Office of the President. Welcome here. Dr. Richard Frank, the Assistant Secretary For Planning and Evaluation at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; Dr. Nora Volkow, who is the Director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse with the National Institutes of Health; Dr. Douglas Throckmorton, who is the Deputy Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research of the Food and Drug Administration; Dr. Debra Houry, the Director of the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; the Honorable Pamela Hyde, the Administrator for the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration; and Dr. Patrick Conway, the Deputy Administrator for Innovation and Quality and the CMS Chief Medical Officer at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Welcome.    You are aware that--now swearing in the witnesses--the committee is holding an investigative hearing and, when doing so, has a practice of taking testimony under oath. Do you have any objection to testifying under oath?    None of the witnesses have objection. So the Chair then advise you that under the rules of the House and the rules of the committee, you are entitled to be advised by counsel. Do any of you desire to be advised by counsel today? And none of the witnesses say so.    So, in that case, please rise. Raise your right hand. I'll swear you in.    Do you swear that the testimony you're about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. All the witnesses answered in the affirmative, so you are now under oath and subject to the penalties set forth in title 18, section 1001 of the United States Code.    You may now each give a 5-minute opening statement. Please stick to the 5 minutes. If you don't have to fill it, that's OK, too. We'd like to get through.    Mr. Botticelli.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Dr. Frank, we're going to try and get your testimony and then we're going to run off and vote, and we'll be back. Go ahead.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Doctor.    Now, for the members--so votes are in progress. And even though time is running out, just to let you know, I think only about 20 people voted so far. So, apparently, this is throwing everybody off in their schedules.    I apologize. This is what happens on Capitol Hill. But we're committed to hear from you. We know how important this is and we value your testimony. So we're probably going to be back in a little under an hour. So we look forward to hearing from you then and getting the rest of this testimony. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. All right. Thank you for being patient.    All right. Dr. Volkow, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Dr. Throckmorton, 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Doctor.    Dr. Houry.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Doctor.    Pamela Hyde, welcome back.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Ms. Hyde.    Dr. Conway, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Doctor. And thank you for recognizing Take Your Family to Testifying Day. Apparently everybody else did not get the memo.    I just want to start out by saying if talent and dedication alone could solve this crisis, we'd be there with the testimony of today and other days, but obviously, we still have problems. So let me start off with asking a few questions.    First, for Director Botticelli, for the Office of National Drug Control Policy, or ONDCP, uses the term ``recovery,'' does it mean to include patients with opioid addiction in a buprenorphine or methadone treatment program and still using heroin or other illicit drugs, or would you say that's not recovery?    Mr. Murphy. Well, let me ask in context of this, because we also heard from testifiers last week they felt there was not a uniform definition of recovery, but, I mean, this is the talent pool here, you're the ones that do these. Do you all meet on a regular basis to talk about these issues? And when was the last time you all got together to talk about policy issues? Was it within the last--can someone answer that? Pam? Pam Hyde?    Mr. Murphy. Oh, you will start? OK.    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Murphy. So you all meet regularly?    Mr. Murphy. Well, let me move on that too, because that's going to be important.    Ms. Hyde, let me ask you a question here in your response to our bipartisan letter of March 18 concerning the National Registry of Evidence-Based programs, you noted that, quote, ``new submission and review procedures will improve the rigor of the registry and bring NREPP into closer alignment with other registries of evidence-based programs in the Federal Government.''    Now, prior to entering into this July 2014 contract, did SAMHSA feel that the scientific basis of the rigor of NREPP needed to strengthened, yes or no? I mean, do you feel it needed to be strengthened?    Mr. Murphy. Can you get us a list, not today, but can you get us a list of what you consider to be some of the models within the Federal registry that we can review as part of that, as evidence-based programs?    Mr. Murphy. OK. Thank you.    Your response also indicates an outside contractor will assume the role of gatekeeper for NREPP, determining which studies and outcomes are reviewed in the screening and review of an intervention, with the aim of preventing bias in favor of the intervention developers.    Was SAMHSA's prior system for vetting and selecting interventions to be included in the NREPP prone to any kind developer bias or conflict of interest? Was that a concern?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I just pulled up here--I just got a note, actually an article that, was this one of your constituents, Dr. Frank, from eastern Colorado? I don't want to take all your Colorado thunder, but it was fascinating article, because it made reference to the increased use of emergency departments associated with opiates. And it's interesting, they said that the reasons for this is--first of all, they said there's 10-1/2 million estimated people with this, it's probably an underestimate, that people go to the emergency rooms for treatment for withdrawal, but also many trying to get more opiates; and that when you have users with opiate prescriptions from more than one physician, they're more likely to be involved in riskier practices.    I wonder if any of you could comment on if that's an area that we're trying to address. I think, Dr. Volkow, you were also talking about issues with regard to prescribing practices, and Dr. Frank. Can some of you comment on those issues?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I'm out of time. I'd just ask unanimous consent that I can submit this research article for the record.    Mr. Murphy. Ms. DeGette, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. I now recognize Mr. Collins for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Tonko, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. I just want to ask as a clarification for the question you were asking about the drug courts and the use of a medication-assisted treatment. So you're recommending medication-assisted treatment as part of an option package, although you say obviously we want to get people free from drugs all together, does it require a recommended practice from your agencies to get drug courts to do that? Does it require regulatory changes from one of your agencies to do that? Or does it require a legislative solution from us to do that?    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Murphy. Ms. Hyde, are you adding to that question?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Speaking of States, go to the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Is the Secretary asking for legislation on this, then, to facilitate the answer to that question?    Mr. Murphy. Could you please let this committee know if there's enabling language we have, and that would help address Mr. McKinley's question?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Ms. Clarke of New York, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mrs. Brooks of Indiana, 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Gentlelady yields back.    Mr. Mullin from Oklahoma, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. How are your kids doing?    Mr. Murphy. Mr. McKinley has a followup question. Then I have a followup question, too.    Mr. Murphy. Ms. Brooks, you have a quick question?    Mr. Murphy. Yes, you may.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    I have two quick followup questions. First, Ms. Hyde, last week, the subcommittee heard testimony from Dr. Anna Lembke, the program director of the Stanford University Addiction Medicine Program that the 42 CFR part 2 is an artifact of the past. She told us the law's consent requirements are so stringent that two doctors seeking to treat the same patient for opioid addiction can't communicate with each other about the patient's medical condition. In fact, she cited that the subcommittee--and we received subcommittee reports. The rule was based upon a 1972 law, and it's causing havoc in the age of electronic records. I guess sometimes the police would actually raid a methadone clinic and arrest people there.    So she has strongly recommend that we change that so we are not overprescribing people and a physician can know who is in treatment.    Now my understanding is that SAMHSA is contemplating new 42 CFR part 2 rules. And I just want to know if you're committed that these rules will reflect the concerns that have been repeatedly voiced by so many in the medical community who treat patients with substance abuse who want nothing more than to make sure patients aren't given double doses, so they can really communicate. Is that what SAMHSA is going to be working on?    Mr. Murphy. And please let the committee know. Thank you.    And, Mr. Botticelli, I wanted to follow up on this Kentucky drug court issue. Could the drug courts' decisions relate to the issue of diversion? I mean, at a previous hearing, we heard testimony from witnesses that Suboxone mills are popping up in Kentucky and West Virginia and these are high problematic States. And, when entering the drug court system, it's nearly impossible to determine if the Suboxone is from an illicit source or prescribed by a doctor.    Could this be part of the issue and that the drug courts could really work and perhaps have some flexibility to deal with this on a case-by-case basis?    Mr. Murphy. Now, part of this--I just got an article that was--I'm not sure what newspaper it is. But it was talking about in some of these courts, they're using Vivitrol and for people in and out of incarceration trying to keep them off by maintaining Vivitrol.    So I just want to make sure I understand. They want to keep these people, after they're released from prison, drug-free. And so could you please clarify: Are you saying that unless they have some synthetic opiates, they're going to have Federal funding cut, or they can still maintain Federal funding and then Vivitrol would be acceptable as another part of the program?    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Frank, could you also respond to the Vivitrol question, too? Did you hear that? I'm just wondering as that as an option for States as a diversion to be using Vivitrol, that that could be part of what we could be----    Mr. Murphy. Mr. DeGette, do you have a followup?    Mr. Murphy. Yes, please.    Mr. Murphy. Get back to us. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. And I think what you're also talking about, a partnership with the States--says we should be looking at Kentucky and some others--Indiana----