    Mr. Cook. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I apologize. I had to meet some constituents, so I probably missed some of the responses to maybe some of the questions that I am going to ask right now. And one of the problems I have is just the, and I am speaking as somebody that has been on the receiving end of some of these systems where they don't work, or they break down, or they just don't fit into the mission that you are supposed to have.    And I don't have the complex rocket ships and everything like that. I am talking about the M-16 when it first came out in Vietnam where a lot of Marines died because you had a lot of things wrong with it. And I actually had an opportunity to change it by talking to a guy by the name of Omar Bradley who had to be about 86 at the time where they dragged certain people from the field. That, the Gama Goat, the M-203, which was 5 years that I knew it was on deadline, never even saw it fired. I can go on, and on, and on.    And I don't know if we--and then I was just at a CODEL where somebody was asked a question about cybersecurity, and they said, we are just starting now. And in about 5 years, we are going to show it. We don't have 5 years. No one knows how long we are going to have with what is going on in this world right now.    So I think from somebody that is on the frontline, the troops, they want something right away, and something that fits their mission. And you can have a lot of different--but basically, it is to close with and destroy the enemy. And I am wondering if we launched that philosophy in World War II where we had certain systems that came out that didn't work, where almost within weeks, we had changed it. Unbelievable that we could do that.    And you look at what happens with the Sherman tanks in Normandy, where it was a field expedient by a sergeant that changed the whole thing, turned it into a Rhinoceros tank, changed the whole battlefield almost overnight. What did it cost, $15? And then they did it to all the tanks.    I can go on and on and on. But I think Congressman Walz had a good point. Sometimes I think the individual troops or what have you, the customer, the end recipient, the ones who have to live and die with this system--Iraq, when we had to upgrade our Humvees and the MRAP came down, great success, but in the interim X amount of people died or were wounded.    And I am just saying, to me, I think we have got to expedite that, and make it cost efficient and we have to put certain deadlines. And if it doesn't work, there has to be consequences. That is the bottom line. And some of these systems we can do it.    When we changed from the old bazooka to the 3.5 rocket launcher, sounds simple, but the bazooka was not able to penetrate the Russian tanks that were made; the 3.5 was. Now, 3.5 is long gone. They replaced it with the LAW , which was another piece of crap because it didn't function in humid conditions, so we had all these things come out to the system and what happens. All that stuff then went on and on and on.    So I think we almost need to incorporate that philosophy, what has happened in the past. And the best example I can give or hope that you would look at are the Israelis. The Israelis don't have time. You look at what they have done with their missile programs. You look at what they did in the Yom Kippur War that they almost lost and they changed certain things.    You look at the battleground, 2006 against Hezbollah along the Lebanese border, where they changed their MPCs and tanks because the threat was there. And they didn't have 5, 10, 15, 20 years. They had to do it or they were going to not exist as a country.    And if you could comment very briefly, and I yak too much.    Mr. Cook. I am old, so I named all the old systems.    Mr. Cook. Thank you.    I yield back. Thank you.    The Chairman. Well, actually, I think that is a good way to end, because DOD may be better than government agencies, but we have also got more at stake. And so that is part of the reason that I very much appreciate you all's input today.    I know we will continue to engage with CSIS and IDA and BENS and GAO, but I want to encourage you all to continue to offer us your input. Don't wait for us to ask. This, as you know, is a complex subject with a lot riding on it, as we are going to be in an iterative process to try to improve it. And we need the assistance of people with valuable expertise and insights to help us do that.    So I appreciate today, and I appreciate your contributions in the future.    With that, the hearing stands adjourned.