    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. Without objection the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We have an important hearing today dealing with the TSA. Airport security is pivotal to our Nation's safety and security. We appreciate the thousands and thousands of men and women who serve at the TSA. I think they work hard. They are dedicated. They are committed. They don't know what they are going to see. We have an inordinate amount of guns that are still trying to be taken through airports, weapons of all kinds. It's a very difficult situation with literally tens and tens of thousands of security badges that are out there.    We need to continue to have a good, vibrant discussion in this country about the safety and security of our airports and how to do that. And one of the things I like to say, and I've said it many times, and I'm sure I'll continue to say it is, we're different in this Nation in that we are self-critical. We do take a good, hard look at our security parameters and challenge the notion that the standard status quo is acceptable.    One of the things that stuck out to me in the 9/11 report, the commission that came together, is that often government lacks imagination, where terrorists and would-be nefarious characters who want to do harm and provide mayhem, death, and destruction to the United States of America will often be more creative than our security personnel. And so to have this type of discussion, it's good that we hear a variety of perspectives. We have had some good work from the inspector general. We have had good work from the GAO. We have a good perspective from others who have had to deal with highly targeted areas such as Israel. And that's the type of discussion we have today.    But it does require that we have a very good communication between the Congress and Homeland Security, specifically the TSA. We have had an exceptionally difficult time, exceptionally difficult time, getting information from the TSA on some very basic matters.    One of the things, for instance, that we asked for, this is a blank, ladies and gentlemen, this is a blank form, a blank form, not filled out, a blank form that people are to use as they assess security. We asked to see a copy of it. We were allowed to see it in camera, but members here were not allowed to see that. And so we asked for a copy of it. This is what they give us, 100 percent redacted. This is a blank form that they will not even allow Congress to see. Now, if that's the type of cooperation we're going to get from the TSA, we're going to have some very difficult times.    Now, we had invited Mr. Caraway, who is the acting administrator, to come before the Committee. At first we heard a variety of excuses. We needed more than 2 weeks. Then we had a big dustup because for weeks we had planned to do this, in fact, more than a month we had planned to do this. Felt that he as the acting administrator would be pivotal to this discussion.    But Homeland Security objected to Mr. Ron's presence on the panel. They felt that it was demeaning, demeaning, to actually have the acting administrator sit on the same panel as a nongovernment witness. That's absurd. That's offensive. It's a waste of the Committee's time. It's a waste of Congress' time. We don't need two panels to have this discussion. We want to have one panel.    Now, we had decided in a very bipartisan, mutual way, that cabinet level secretaries, if they come to testify before the Committee, will be the sole person to testify. If you're below a cabinet level secretary, we're not going to separate you out into your own panel. But the TSA, different than others that we have had--I would remind you that we have had a variety of other people come before this Committee who sit side-by-side with regular people from the outside, from the private sector--and so unfortunately the TSA has refused, and Mr. Carraway has refused the Committee's invitation to appear before Congress.    We have been working on this since the first part of April. They've had plenty of notice, and up until late, late, late yesterday, he was going to be here if it was a separate panel. But now because we are not going to waste this Committee's time, we are not going to waste members' time, they are not sitting here today, and we will have less of a hearing because of it. It's an embarrassment that they would do that. They made these decisions themselves, but that is not the way it's going to work around here.    TSA had said, well, maybe we'll give you somebody else. It's not the TSA's decision as to who Congress calls to testify. That is not their decision. It is the decision of Congress to understand and to be informed by those that they invite before Congress. But that's where we find ourselves today.    So with that I'm going to now yield to--I took a little extra time there with that explanation--but now I would like to now recognize the chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation, Mr. Mica of Florida.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentlemen.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Chairman Chaffetz. I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written Statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. But now will recognize our panel of witnesses. As I mentioned earlier, Mr. Melvin Carraway, Acting Administrator for the Department--of Transportation Security Administration at the Department of Homeland Security was scheduled to testify but has not arrived, has not shown up, has elected to not testify today, which was not an optional activity.    We are pleased to have the Honorable John Roth, Inspector General for the Department of Homeland Security; Ms. Jennifer Grover, Acting Director of Homeland Security and Justice at the Government Accountability Office; and Mr. Rafi Ron, President and CEO of New Age Security Solutions, who also has extensive airport security work that he has personally participated in, in Israel.    We welcome you all. Pursuant to Committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn before they testify, so if you will please rise and raise your right-hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative. In order to allow time for discussion, we would appreciate it if you would limit your testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written record will be obviously made a part of the record. We're pretty liberal on your verbal comments, but try to keep it close to 5. And we'll start with you, Mr. Roth. You're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. And thanks to you and your staff who spent a lot of time putting this information together. We do appreciate it.    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Grover. You're recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Ron, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.