    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and can I ask you, how many employees does your agency have?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay, 3,700. And these are highly skilled and educated people, I imagine?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay, and what's your budget for--annual budget?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Are your folks being paid enough to attract the type of high-quality people you need?    Mr. Rohrabacher. You know, there's a lot of, especially on our side of the aisle where we complain about bureaucracy, and let me just note that, I mean, I use that joke myself: Bureaucracy is the most effective method known to man of turning pure energy into solid waste, all right?    But I think that's really unfair of us because quite often it's not the bureaucracy, it's not the people, it's the system that is set up and the criteria that they have to work from, and I think it's very clear to all of us that we've got a problem in this country with the development of the next generation of nuclear energy. We are now approving or we're involved with approving and putting into place nuclear reactors that are based on 65-year-old technology. Light-water reactors are 65 years old, and they're dangerous. The environmental movement years ago when we first proposed nuclear reactors were right in the sense that with this type of reactor, we have to deal with the waste problem and the potential of nuclear--of some radiation leaking from the system. Our newest systems, I guess, were sold to Japan, and look at the catastrophe that it caused there? People say oh, this could never happen with these new light-reactors. Well, it did because light-water reactors are inherently dangerous, and some of us are dismayed--I am dismayed by the fact that we have not gone on to even produce the prototypes of the next generation, and there's something wrong with our system. There's something wrong with what we have done to set up the methodology of bringing that new technology in.    Your agency is playing a part in that, and I don't know--we have to change the system in a way that we can be the leaders in progress on this very important technology for mankind. Nuclear energy had so much promise, and now we know its dangers as well, but we know that there's possibilities of--let me--I'm sorry, Mr. Chairman. I could go on for a while. I've got some specific questions on this.    The--right now, do you believe that--I'm looking at thorium reactors, pebble-based reactors, high-temperature gas-cooled reactors, and even there's--Lockheed even has a fusion, a small fusion reactor. We have so many options but yet none of them are moving forward into the market and being put to use, and instead, we're still improving light-water reactors. Something is terribly wrong with the system.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I certainly will.    Mr. Rohrabacher. That's right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, let me just note, I would hope that we can try to restructure, that we have some positive things that we can come up with today and working with you, not just today but in the days ahead to restructure this system so that people--so that the business community can commercialize and at least we can come up with--and the development community can come up with the prototypes that will give us a chance for a future use of nuclear energy that's safe for our people, and thank you very much for holding this hearing, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I will see you after work for a drink and----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much. Well, first let me ask you, how long does a--when you approve a nuclear power plant like you've been taking about, how long is that actually functioning? Ten years, 20 years, 30 years, 40 years?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Once they build a plant, how long is it in operation?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Let me note, Mr. Chairman, that I think it's outrageous then that we are approving any new light-water reactors. That means we're stuck with them for 40 years, and quite frankly, it's old technology that's dangerous, and for us to be putting Americans, 40 year future generations of Americans in that danger is absolutely ridiculous, and especially when we have a number of companies, people with good reputations who tell us we can build a safe reactor and we haven't been able to get through the system in order to build our prototypes that are a safe alternative. And I just wanted to be on record saying that.    Let me ask you this, and we've been told this. This is not about necessarily a policy but maybe a mindset when these new reactor people are coming forward. They're saying that basically we're sort of in a vicious circle in dealing with this regulatory process in that it's holding back significant improvements because--and this is what they perceive, not necessarily a policy but a mindset that the NRC won't review an application without committed customers in the loop. So if they don't have someone already there saying we're going to finance this, then they--people don't take them seriously, the NRC, and the--if they are not taken seriously because they don't have--that just means the NRC is waiting for the customers but the customers are waiting for the NRC because they can't--they won't--the people in the money world won't put the money up for something that hasn't been at least looked at and given initial approval by your organization. So we're sort of in I guess what you would call a catch-22. I remember Joseph Heller's book about this World War II pilot and all of the things he went through. Every time there was something to get done, there was a reason why you couldn't do this but there was a reason you had to do it.    So aren't we--does that mindset exist? If it does, are we going to change that?    Mr. Rohrabacher. There's obviously a block somewhere when for two decades now I have been told by people in industry that we can create a safe alternative to the current type of nuclear reactor, and for two decades now been seeing these people come to my office with really very brilliant people, people who have been involved in the nuclear industry, saying we can build these modular reactors in this way or that way or this way, and these are not fly-by-night people. These are very solid engineers. And yet they've made no progress towards even making a prototype. There's a fly in the ointment here. There's a roadblock there somewhere. I think what we just discussed is part of it. Perhaps we need also to make sure that we are committed not just in the NRC but the Department of Energy as well, that we need to be committed as a country to getting this job done, to making sure after a certain number of years, we've going to have a number of prototypes to choose from, and especially let's not keep our people for 40 years in the future dependent on a dangerous source of electricity that could be replaced by something that's less dangerous.    Thank you very much.