    Ms. Bonamici. Yes, please, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you, Chairman Kline. Welcome to the committee, Secretary King. I wanted to align myself with the comments from Dr. Roe and others who have said that they have perceived a real difference in visiting with schools and teachers, educators, parents, students knowing that the changes were made and the Every Student Succeeds Act that they were desperately needing--and thank you for the work that you are doing along with the Department to implement the Every Student Succeeds Act and support States that are redefining their assessment and accountability systems to meet their unique needs. Thank you for your leadership and I want to follow up on a question that was just asked by Mr. Guthrie.    I understand the need to prevent a gap in meaningful interventions for students, but I am concerned that asking states to identify schools for comprehensive and additional and targeted support in the 2017-2018 school year could discourage States from being innovative. And I know the Department will work with States to modify their accountability systems and add indicators as data from districts becomes available, a process that could take several years.    Nonetheless, asking States to implement accountability systems in time for the 2017-2018 school year seems to run the risk of hampering innovation, so can you please discuss the Department's alternatives? Is there a way that we can both prevent a gap in support for students and give States the time to put in comprehensive accountability systems that make good use of new data?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you, and I am glad that the Department's proposed regulations for accountability would direct schools identified for comprehensive and additional targeted support to evaluate resource inequities, but the proposed rule appears to focus on only two examples of discrepancies and resources: per pupil expenditures and access to out of field and inexperienced teachers.    So considering these inequities is important, of course, but I wonder whether States and districts would not consider other important inequities, for example, access to advanced coursework, technology, arts and music. How will the Department encourage States and districts to identify and address a broad array of resource inequities?    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific, and the Every Student Succeeds Act is clear that participation rates for a statewide assessment needs to be a factor in accountability systems and the Department's proposed rule for accountability systems would give the States four options for incorporating data on participation.    One of the options allows States to develop their own proposals for including participation rate in accountability systems. For States that pursue this route, how will your Department assist them as they contemplate actions that are perhaps less punitive but no less effective in ensuring that all students are counted?    Ms. Bonamici. As someone that has been talking about fewer, better assessments for a long time, I look forward to continuing to work with you on that and I yield back the balance of my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to all of the panelists. I want to align myself with Dr. Foxx' comments about your commitment and I can sense that as well. Your commitment to education and your commitment to making certain that the Every Student Succeeds Act is implemented in a way that does provide that opportunity to all of our students.    I am not an educator, but I spent 16 years as a very involved public school parent. It got to the point where my kids said, Mom, do you always have to be at school? But I had the opportunity to spend a lot of time volunteering and then served on our State legislature on the Education Committee and then came here to Congress where I find myself still going back to school on a regular basis and visiting and talking to students and teachers.    And Ms. Harrelson, in your testimony you talk about providing relief from extensive time focused on standardized testing and use of assessment to guide meaningful instruction. I cannot tell you how many times I heard that over the years since No Child Left Behind passed and that focus on testing. But the high stakes associated with the testing were what I saw as incredibly problematic and I share in your hope that the new education law will spur better use of assessments, fewer and better assessments. I worked very hard to get a provision in the law to allow states and districts to eliminate duplicative tests and give educators more time to plan and design instruction based on data from high-quality and timely assessments.    So, Ms. Harrelson, can you discuss how the Department and State leaders and local school districts can work together to make sure that assessments do provide useful information to teachers and families, including the statewide assessments that were authorized in the legislation by partisan members of Congress? And then I am going to ask Ms. Hall to respond to that as well.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. My State of Oregon is a pretty early adopter of adaptive testing in America. There is a tremendous potential there.    Ms. Hall, you want to discuss that as well? Because I share your perspective, it is important to assess students. We just need to make sure we are doing the right thing with those assessments.    Ms. Bonamici. I do not mean to interrupt here. I want to get another quick question in. Dr. Pruitt, I want to talk about the alternative diploma for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities. The alternative diploma described in ESSA has some very specific requirements.    Our intention is not to pigeonhole students into alternative diplomas, but to provide a pathway to meaningful diplomas. So how does your State plan to develop a high-quality pathway for the students with the most significant cognitive disabilities and will you be working to prevent this pathway from becoming a loophole that prohibits students with disabilities from achieving a regular diploma?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. My time is expired, but I am going to follow up with Dr. Schuler in writing about the transportation of foster students.