    Ms. Clarke. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I thank our panelists today. It's good to see you again, Dr. Frieden.    This question is for Dr. Frieden, Dr. Lurie, and Dr. Fauci. Just as a bit of background, it's my understanding that the majority of people infected with the Zika virus will remain asymptomatic. However, 20 percent of those infected will experience symptoms which range from fever to GBS, which can leave persons paralyzed.    Though so far there have been no local transmission of the virus in the Continental U.S., does CDC expect to see local transmission in the U.S. as the mosquito population increases this summer? While the mosquitoes that carry Zika are common in southern states, they can range as far north as my home district of Brooklyn, New York. Your location, as well as lack of access to air conditioning increases one's chance of coming in contact with the virus, as was pointed out by Dr. Frieden in discussing the situation in Puerto Rico.    Many of my constituents living in the Brownsville section of my district in Brooklyn are very low income, and likewise the low income communities of the south has some of the highest concentrations of poverty in the United States, and tend to lack access to air conditioning. In the south not only do these communities lack access to air conditioning, but they also lack access to health insurance as many southern governors have chosen not to expand Medicaid coverage under the ACA. If they do get sick with the Zika virus, having access to care may become problematic. The bottom line is that economically distressed Americans will likely be the ones most impacted by the spread of Zika were that to manifest.    With that in mind here's my question. What are we going to do to assist low income and disadvantaged communities to prevent being infected in the first place, as well as spread the word of the virus in their communities especially since Zika can be sexually transmitted?    Ms. Clarke. And my hope is that there will be a lot of public information, education, particularly as the summer hits, especially in a place like New York where you have that international mix and blend of individuals.    Dr. Fauci and Dr. Frieden, the CDC expects to see local transmissions of the Zika virus at some point in the Continental U.S. Currently, the south has the highest number of people living with HIV in the United States, over 40 percent of those living in the south are HIV positive. I'd like to know how the Zika virus impacts with those living with HIV? Do we expect to see some more serious symptoms in HIV positive individuals who are infected with Zika? Do we have a sense of that yet?    Ms. Clarke. Very well. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Ms. Clarke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for your indulgence.    Clearly, there's still a lot more to learn about the Zika virus. No doubt the public health response to Zika virus will be complex and require coordination at the global, regional, and national level. While the response to Zika may evolve, one thing is clear; governments and international organizations must commit to funding and providing access to comprehensive reproductive health services to meet the needs of communities during this public health emergency and far beyond.    Preventing pregnancy and the spread of the disease is desired by women in their childbearing age as has been suggested already in Brazil during this outbreak. As a follow-up to Congressman Collins' line of questioning, what more can the CDC be doing, or what else can Congress do to support the CDC to help women prevent unintended pregnancies, if so desired, and prevent continued spread of this disease through possible sexual transmission?