    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, if I may, I will be from Texas today.    Mr. Chairman, if I may just take a moment of my time to congratulate Jason, who is a part of our team. As you know, our staff does excellent work. And Jason, who is a part of our team, is not here today. He is on his way to celebrate his marriage. And I am honored to say that we will miss him, but we are proud that he is now taking on a beautiful bride.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you, and thank the witness for appearing as well. Mr. Chairman, for those who are watching today and unfamiliar with the term ``Operation Choke Point,'' it is generally viewed as a Department of Justice initiative aimed at protecting consumers by scrutinizing certain financial institutions and their role in providing access points to the banking system for industries and businesses with higher risk of fraud. And that is what we will be talking about today, Operation Choke Point, for the most part.    Fraudulent transactions in our banking system are a real issue, not to be taken lightly. In 2012, the Federal Reserve estimated that there were 31.1 million unauthorized transactions, worth $6.1 billion, through third-party payment processors, which are businesses that, for a fee, take payments from consumers and deposit them in banks for merchants.    In addition, a 2012 Economist article suggests that in the United States, 42 percent of Americans have experienced some form of payment card fraud in the preceding 5 years. Given that the FDIC is a prudential regulator of many financial institutions that take on consumer deposits, it should come as little surprise that they, too, are interested in addressing fraud in our banking system.    However, we should not confuse the FDIC doing its job as a regulator as evidence that it is doing anything more than fulfilling its mission. Some have gone to great lengths to rely on email exchanges and supervisory guidance to connect the FDIC to this DOJ effort, Operation Choke Point. Reports have been published and accusations leveled.    However, the truth remains that the FDIC had been monitoring and regulating fraud at the financial institutions it oversees long before there was ever a formal Operation Choke Point.    Some may draw attention to a supervisory letter issued by the FDIC in 2011 highlighting a list of high-risk industries as evidence of their involvement in Choke Point by means of prohibiting banks from doing business with entities on this list.    In truth, this was an attempt by the FDIC to help financial institutions be aware of the higher rates of fraud sometimes associated with certain industries. The list was compiled based on input from the third-party payment processors who do business with the industries.    Nonetheless, when notified of concern by banks that their list was potentially being misconstrued and misapplied during examinations, the FDIC took definitive action to clarify that banks could continue doing business, continue their business relationships with any industry, as long as proper due diligence was executed to protect consumers. And that is really what this is about, protecting consumers.    Furthermore, in the interest of eliminating confusion, the FDIC retracted the list. These actions do not equate to a Federal regulator overstepping its bounds to put businesses out of business. In fact, it illustrates a government agency willing to listen to the concerns of the entities it regulates and adjust its actions accordingly.    I would, however, like to take a moment to recognize a more serious issue regarding the off-the-cuff comments made by employees at the FDIC as it relates to the banking relations of certain industries. While I do not think excessive credence should be given to remarks made off-the-cuff, I do expect FDIC examiners to act responsibly.    I understand that an internal Inspector General (IG) investigation is under way to determine whether any misconduct has occurred. Based on the actions already taken by the FDIC to be responsive to the concerns raised, I fully expect the FDIC to address these findings, if any, made by the IG.    I will close by expressing my gratitude to the chairman for his leadership. And I hope that this hearing will clarify the FDIC's longstanding mandate to combat fraud and protect depositors.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Green. Thank you.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think it is appropriate to give some indication as to why it is important for us to be concerned about activities of the third-party processors as they relate to the banking industry. For clarity purposes, these third-party processors, as they are called, are businesses. And these businesses, for a fee, will accept payments from consumers, and they accept these payments and they give these payments, they deposit them in banks for merchants, and it is a good business. There is nothing illegal, per se, about third-party processors. There is nothing illegal, per se, about the businesses that have been mentioned today.    But I do think that we have had some things occur that have caused us to take a look at this process. And quite frankly, I think the American people would want us to look into these things based upon some of the past occurrences.    So, let's take a look at a few of them. On March 12, 2015--and I am not going to mention the name of the bank, but if someone wants me to, I will--a bank paid $1.2 million in fines for knowingly facilitating consumer fraud. Consumer fraud, meaning people, people from our congressional districts were defrauded. It happened. It cannot be ignored.    In April 2014, a bank--name not mentioned but available if need be--paid $1.2 million in fines for fraudulent charges made by a third-party processor. Another fine paid, $1.2 million.    On March 10, 2015, a bank paid $4.9 million in fines. The processor was allowed, in this case, to make hundreds of thousands of withdrawals over a 20-month period on behalf of a telemarketing company that charged unauthorized payday loan referral fees. Now, this would give the payday loan industry a black eye, a bad reputation to allow something like this to occur and not take action. There is no effort on the part of the FDIC to eliminate payday lending, but I do think that when we see these egregious circumstances, we have to do something. The banks should not just simply be a party to this by seeing it occur and not do something affirmative to stop it. They are there, they know that these things are going on, and they should take affirmative action, and they should have a compliance process in place. And when they do not, I think that should be called to the attention of banks, and that is really what the FDIC appears to be doing.    And here is one. In November 2012, a $15.5 million settlement--2 million fraudulent charges by a third-party processor. Two million. These are people who are being hurt. I do appreciate what my colleagues have said about the businesses, and businesses who are operating legitimately should in no way be challenged about what their lawful business operations are, but there is a reason why we are looking into things in this area.    And I want to thank you, Chairman Gruenberg, for the way you have aggressively made an effort to correct mistakes that were made. I have some of your testimony, and you did not go into any great detail, but I would like for you to respond. It appears to me that you participated in a national call with all FDIC supervision staff. Tell us about that call and what you were attempting to accomplish with that call, please.    Mr. Green. You also met with the six Regional Directors. This is something you did yourself to make clear what the policy was in the event someone was unclear. Would you kindly give us some intelligence on this?    Mr. Green. You have mentioned it, but I think some things bear repeating. Toll-free numbers that you have made available, at least two. Would you reiterate, please?    Mr. Green. And the notice process to banks has now been not only formalized but it has been codified, and you have made it clear that this is to be done in writing. There will be no informal conversations that will be recognized. We all have some people who don't adhere to the letter and spirit of policy, but you have made it clear to people that your expectations are that policy will be followed to the letter and in the sincerest spirit with which the policy was promulgated. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Green. Would you want to add anything more to this list of things that you have done to make sure that mistakes are properly addressed?    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will reserve my final 5 minutes.    Mr. Green. Mr. Chairman, if I may, I would like to have just a quick word with you.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Gruenberg, you now understand that no mistake will go unnoticed and no good deed will go unpunished. Let's talk about this for just a moment, in these last 5 minutes.    You have requested an IG investigation. Is that abnormal? Is that something that you would do when you find that there is something that is questionable, to get an independent third party to come in and give a report?    Mr. Green. And you did this for a reason. Why did you do it?    Mr. Green. You are not especially trained in this area of investigation, I assume. You are a fine public servant, but you don't perform investigations yourself. You would use the expertise of those who do this, and quite frankly, that the Federal Government has charged with the responsibility of accomplishing these ends. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Green. And when you receive this report, is it your intention to take corrective action?    Mr. Green. I understand. And you have done many things in the interim to make sure that people understand what the policy was and is. The policy has not changed. You have had some people who may not have followed it to the letter, but the policy hasn't changed; is that a fair statement?    Mr. Green. And you had some--    Mr. Green. You had some people who have not adhered to the policy, the spirit and letter of the policy, but do you consider this a culture across the entire FDIC, or is this something that you are addressing as it relates to individuals?    Mr. Green. In your years at the FDIC, have you always encouraged and required that the policies be followed?    Mr. Green. And is this consistent with what you are doing now?    Mr. Green. And, do you believe that the FDIC should be charged with having produced Operation Choke Point? Is this something that the DOJ initiated, that was brought to the FDIC? I just want to make it clear that this is not something you initiated, the Operation Choke Point. You are concerned about fraud, and you are concerned about third-party processes, but this whole operation is not something that you produced?    Mr. Green. And the Justice Department, in my opinion, has good reason to look into fraud as is the case with the FDIC, but mistakes have been made. You have done what you can to correct them immediately. You are allowing a certain amount of due process before taking your final actions. This is not unusual in our circles to be thorough, investigate totally, completely, and then make decisions. Is there any final thing that you would like to say in terms of what you are hoping to accomplish?    Mr. Green. Thank you, Chairman Gruenberg, and thank you also, Chairman Duffy. I yield back.