    Mr. Peppet. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, members of the subcommittee, I appreciate the opportunity to talk to you about wearables. I am a Professor of Law at the University of Colorado Law School in Boulder, where I work on markets, technology, and privacy. I should say I am also a member of the board of directors of Anixter International, an Illinois-headquartered company, so my remarks today are in my own capacity, and in no way represent Anixter or anyone else    I also want to say I am involved with four entrepreneurship and innovation centers: one in Colorado, one at Kellogg in Illinois, and one at the University of Michigan, and one actually in Israel at a university called IDC. And in that, in those roles, I have worked with student teams creating startups, many of whom are interested in or working in the wearable space. So I sort of got various perspectives on this set of issues.    These are exciting technologies, and I agree with my fellow witnesses who have said how much innovation is happening in this space, and I agree with all of that and just want to focus on three things in terms of privacy and security that I think deserve attention.    The first is one that you have already mentioned, which is data security, and I think there are two issues in data security. The first is, is the device itself secure? And that is a technical matter. Mostly, we know from research, that many of these devices have not been secured in the first wave of consumer devices, for example, and the reason is obvious: They are small, they are generally designed to be relatively inexpensive. It is hard to pack data security measures into a thing with a small processor, very limited connectivity, they are hard to update because they don't talk to the Internet that frequently.    And so it has been a challenge, and the FTC has worked with companies, continues to work to try to push companies in that space, or in the security issue, and I think we will see more innovation there to try to resolve some of those questions.    The second data security issue is actually not about the device, it is about the data. What happens to these data once they are off the device, they are stored in a company's cloud server somewhere, and someone hacks into that server. At the moment, if your credit card information is stolen from Target, for example, as you have all heard about that example, Target has to say, Hey, we were hacked, and they have to notify the public. That is our market-based response to data security in this country is to say, Listen, give consumers information, they will then choose with their dollars or their feet whether they want to go back to that store.    In all but one State, and Mr. Chairman, it is the great State of Texas, only Texas' data breach notification statute would actually apply to biometric data coming off of most of the wearables that we are talking about in the consumer space. The rest of the States really have not yet seen the risk that these incredibly sensitive data, as you said, pose if they were to be hacked, which I think is an odd and sort of unfortunate anomaly.    To the extent that Congress ventures into the data breach notification area, that is something that it should consider. So that is security.    The second thing I will talk about is use, and I will just give a very simple example. There are lots of different devices at the moment being used in hospitals that keep track of whether a hospital worker washes his or her hands when they use the restroom. What they do is they have a lanyard on, you know, or some kind of ID badge, and there is a device at the sink and it literally just says how long did they spend standing in front of the sink? And then if they approach a hospital bed and they haven't washed their hands properly, their lanyard starts to buzz and say, hey, wait a minute, and it records that they have done that, and that is not a good thing.    That is a great idea, right? I think that is a terrific idea. I hope that every hospital I ever use has that, and employees, consumers, whoever we are talking about, need to know what those kinds of data are being used for. So for example, there might be no issue at all for a hospital or an employer using the data coming off a wearable for the obvious use that it was designed for, but I would guess that if one of the hospital employees discovered that their hand-washing habits had leaked out into data brokerages and was being used in credit decisions or insurance decisions or any other kind of decisions in the economy, they would be both surprised and unhappy. So the use issue is a very complicated one.    And the last one I will say something about is consent. Consent is hard, particularly in the consumer space, for these little devices. A study that I did, I brought 20 of these very popular devices, I opened all the boxes, and I looked inside. There is almost never any privacy information. I didn't test Adidas', but there is almost never privacy information in the box. Sometimes you get the privacy information when you download the app that pairs with the device. Often, you are sent to the Web site or you have to go to Web site of the firm, and often, when you get there and you read their privacy policy, it doesn't apply to the data coming off the device. It applies to the use of the Web site.    So at the moment, we are in a bit of a backward situation on how to give users and consumers, in particular, good information about these devices. Is the device information protected? Who owns the data? Can users go in and delete their data? Many have discovered that they can't, so their fitness data is being stored in the cloud somewhere and they say, I don't want to use this device anymore. They didn't just lose it. They affirmatively decided they don't like it anymore, and they say, I want to get my data back. I don't want you to have it anymore.    Many companies actually will not permit that or permit editing of this data. And most important, who is the data being shared with? Can it be sold in a bankruptcy, in an acquisition, or just in general?    So again, the FTC has been working with industry to try to come up with some guidance on those issues, but those consent questions are very difficult at the moment.    I will stop there. Thank you for allowing me to testify.    Mr. Peppet. Sure. Thank you for the question. As I said, the devices tend to be small, they tend to be designed for a low price point, and they tend to have very limited computing and even communication power, and that presents a whole set of security challenges.    When the first wave of fitness trackers came out, computer science, you know, security folks discovered very quickly how easy it was to hack into them, largely because they hadn't secured whether it was the Bluetooth connectivity or the WiFi connectivity, whatever they were using, they hadn't secured those connections. And you know, that was several years ago, some of those studies were done.    A study came out, I think, three weeks ago, testing some of the most current and most popular versions of those devices and found, essentially, the same set of results. So when I talk with computer scientists, this is a real technical problem because they are small, and it is very hard to design security in a comprehensive way.    It will happen, but the FTC, for example, has really been pushing companies to try harder.    Mr. Peppet. I think it is both. Excuse me. I think it is both on the technical side, as I already described. On the are-they-trying-hard-enough side, there is at least two problems. One is a lot of these devices originally have been coming up as start-ups, and start-ups often, you know, are rushing to market with a product, may not spend enough time on data security.    The converse problem is interesting, too, which is some of these devices have come out of very big companies, very established companies that don't have much experience with the data stack. They are not IT companies. They are some other sort of firm, and so when they venture into the tech space--and we have seen examples of this--they may not have the either expertise or the depth to build that kind of security.    Mr. Peppet. I think we should. Whether States do it or Congress does it, I think that consumers should know if their biometric data or other sensor-based biologic data has been hacked. I think you would choose between fitness--you know, the two of you each had fitness devices. I think you might choose which one you wanted if you knew that one of them, the data had been stolen. So yes, I think that is something that we should do for consumer----    Mr. Peppet. And then just very briefly, another incentive is that consumers in some contexts are being paid to use these devices. So many consumers, for example, myself, my healthcare plan at my employer gives me discounts if I use a wearable and track my fitness. We have also seen a life insurance company that has now issued a life insurance policy that gives you a discount on your premiums if you track your fitness using a wearable. So there are all sorts of actual direct incentives being used as well.    Mr. Peppet. That is a very interesting question, and it is a very interesting domain, because you are exactly right that ongoing compliance with whatever the medical prescription is difficult for doctors to get patients to follow through. And both wearables and other Internet of Things devices, there is a smart pill bottle that every time you unscrew the cap, it is connected to WiFi and sends a message to your doctor saying: They took their pills today.    Those sorts of devices do allow a medical facility, whatever it is, to extend their reach out to their patients in all sorts of environments, and that is a potential huge benefit.    Now, in terms of, I think your question precisely was about payment or how premiums----    Mr. Peppet. Yes, I am not sure I know enough yet to know how that is going to play out.    Mr. Peppet. Yes, you are seeing it in the insurance space, that is right. And I think what we are seeing is a huge number of consumers are being introduced to wearables for the first time in those wellness programs, through that insurance vehicle.    Now, again, I am actually relatively in favor of that kind of incentive. The one concern I would express is, for example, in my own experience with the program that I am involved with, it was very hard to figure out or to get information about the use that the data would be put to. So when an employee or a consumer signs up for that kind of incentive, you want to make sure they know what they are signing up for.