    Mr. Connor. Mr. Chairman, I agree it has been a frustrating year from the standpoint you referenced given that we at least had a 2- to 3-week period where there was lots of precipitation. It has since, as you well know, substantially reduced over time.    Mr. Connor. Yeah, I do not remember seeing it that high. There probably was a couple of days. I know we were definitely in the 25 to 35, even 40,000 CFS outflow range, which is very significant. I think under the water quality permits, you have to maintain at least 15,000.    Having said that, as the Secretary noted, the drought has had a devastating impact on people as well as overall environmental conditions. And that is the reason why operations for a period of time this year have been fairly conservative, and it is because the monitoring and the assessment of the delta smelt have been, the basis upon which they developed their incidental take statement, indicated they were at their lowest levels than they had ever sampled.    And so, the Service has been very concerned that any entrainment event that could occur from pumping might have such an impact it might endanger the existence of the species. They are concerned about extinction of the delta smelt.    Mr. Connor. The issue is really what are the pumping levels, how much can you pump while not bringing the delta smelt towards----    Mr. Connor. There are a couple of responses. When there is outflow coming from the San Joaquin, from the southern side where the pumps are located, you have the possibility of pumping a lot more. There is a lot more outflow going out through that system. Here we have had most of it come out of the Sacramento system, so it is at the top of the system. And so, you still have smelt south of the delta that you are concerned about.    There has been take, which is obviously a strong concern at that point in time, but also in the sampling they have done, they have sampled and detected smelt in the southern delta area. They have been very sensitive to any potential entrainment events, and it has been, from that standpoint, that we have not pumped to the maximum limits under the biological opinions.    Mr. Connor. Well, I looked at the records, and that gets to the 192,000-acre feet. I mean, I think we should compare notes because just on the back of envelope I have looked at it, and we are estimating about 70,000 acre-feet that have been lost under the biological opinions.    The biological opinions started to control pumping around January 7th when we met actually. I think that was right at the transition period. Since that time, there has been, I think, 27 days where we have not pumped the maximum under the biological opinions. For the last couple of weeks, we have been at about 5,800 CFS, which is the maximum under the biological opinions.    And that approach and the concern about the species is probably going to continue. I am hoping we can get at least a couple more precipitation events, particularly in the south side of the system, and maybe we can go above the 5,800 CFS level like we did last year.    Mr. Connor. It has been a frustrating year from the water user's perspective. I absolutely understand that. We will look and continue to try and maximize flexibility. There have been times when the Smelt Working Group has proposed even more stringent pumping limitations. Water users, other stakeholders, have gotten together and decided to operate a little bit more----    Mr. Connor. Mr. Chairman, may I make just one more comment? This is a very frustrating situation, and the way we operate now, it is going to continue to be frustrating. Hopefully we will rebuild storage, and we will get back to water allocations next year, because we are rebuilding at least some storage this year.    I do think this year is indicative of the need for new approaches and solutions. And as you know, and you and I have discussed, Cal Water fixed and provides the opportunity for new conveyances, one of those options. I think this year in particular is indicative of a year where there would have been a lot more water supply had we had conveyance and diversions in the ----    Mr. Connor. Yes, sir.    Mr. Connor. Congressman, can I just add one thing? I just want to say thank you in your role as chairman of the Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee for the additional drought funding for the Bureau of Reclamation. I think we have good investments that will not alleviate all the concern, but I very much appreciate it. It is much needed, from infrastructure, restoration, conservation across the board. I appreciate it.    Mr. Connor. Yes, Congressman. This is one of the areas that if you had asked me what I was going to spend most of my time on when I first got confirmed it wouldn't have been the Land Buy-Back Program. Fortunately it is really taken off, and let me give you some quick metrics.    We are about 33 percent of the way through the 10-year time frame for implementing the settlement, and we have expended about $736,000,000, or 47 percent of the funds already, in restoring fractionated interests back to tribal trust ownership. That is the equivalent of about 1.5 million acres of land.    We were allotted $285 million for administrative costs. Even though we have expended 47 percent of the funds, we have only expended 15 percent of the administrative costs. Our goal is, at the end to be able to take some of the administrative money and put it back into restoring even more lands over time.    We have made offers at about 33 percent of the 40 most fractionated locations. We have selected 42 locations for implementation through 2017. The reason I have to get out of here at 3:30 is we are having a listening session in Albuquerque tomorrow to take input. In a couple of weeks tribes are going to finalize their input on how we plan out the balance of the program through the remainder of the 10 years. Hopefully through that we will have a plan, not just for the 42, but how we will either move forward to the 140 total locations out there, or move forward to a percentage, and think about how we might go back to other lands we have already made offers on.    Overall, it has just been a very successful program I think because of the great work our team has done, the great leadership in Indian Country, and the great bipartisan support there has been.    Mr. Connor. Could I just note, Congressman, I believe that was report language. It is not statutory language. But nonetheless, our intent is to comply with that report language.    Mr. Connor. I was just being technically correct as to what the language is, and there is a distinction between statutory language and report language.    Mr. Connor. I never doubted that for a moment. 