    Mr. Libicki. Good afternoon, Chairman Ratcliffe, Ranking Member Richmond, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee. My name is Martin Libicki from The RAND Corporation.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today about the President's cybersecurity information-sharing proposal. As a general proposition, information sharing among defenders makes for a better defense.    Nevertheless, two concerns merit note. First, the current proposals do not address and may even exacerbate a cybersecurity divide. Second, an enormous amount of political energy is being dedicated to a point solution to a broad problem.    A cybersecurity divide exists between organizations, roughly speaking, large enough to afford their own chief information security officer and those that cannot.    ISAOs, for their part, are oriented towards organizations that can afford the membership fees. Unless other mechanisms to share information with the smaller organizations are bolstered, the latter are going to be left out of whatever information-sharing exists.    As for the narrower focus, several weeks ago President Obama said, ``There's only one way to defend America from cyber threats, and that's Government and industry working together, sharing appropriate information.'' An associated Executive Order calls for ``fostering the development and adoption of automated mechanisms for the sharing of information.''    However, cybersecurity is so complex a challenge that not only is information sharing not the ``only one way,'' but the model proposed for information sharing is not even the only one way to share information.    To explain why, let's note three models of information sharing.    In the first model, vulnerabilities in software are found by white hat hackers and the forensic specialists brought into the attention of the vendors. The vendors, when they receive this information, attack the vulnerabilities and generally fix them. This is a model that would lead to better software and can be encouraged by the Federal Government with a modest addition of funding and without having to pass any new laws.    In a second model, the collection and analysis of cyber attacks can shed light on what organizations could have done differently to have prevented or at least mitigated the effects of such attacks. Such sharing permits evidence-based assessments of alternative cybersecurity tools, techniques, and practices. This model can be encouraged by empowering organizations, such as NIST, and funding various R&D entities, such as the ARPAs and NSF, to build and disseminate a systematic body of knowledge on cybersecurity.    The first model results in better software. The second model results in better cybersecurity management. Organizations of all size can benefit from each.    The third model of information sharing, organizations are asked to report details of the attacks they have suffered, such as malware samples, attacker modus operandi, IP addresses, attack vectors, induced anomalies, social engineering methods and so on. These are used to profile specific threat actors so that the signatures of their activity can be fed to intrusion detection and prevention systems of organizations that happen to have them.    The usefulness of this third model, however, requires that four assumptions be true.    The first assumption is that most serious attacks come from specific black hat hacker groups who repeat their attacks often enough so that evidence from early attacks can be used to detect later ones.    The second assumption is that such groups maintain a consistent modus operandi that is constantly reused.    The third assumption is that such signatures can be shared in a timely manner, something that is complicated by the length of time--several months to a year--between when a typical advanced attack starts and when it is discovered.    The fourth assumption is that such signatures will not evolve over time, even if information sharing were to become so wide-spread that the failure to evolve on the part of hackers would doom their ability to compromise networks.    An analogy may be made to the anti-virus industry. The majors run very large information-gathering networks fed by inputs from sensors placed throughout the internet, but the anti-virus model has lost viability in the face of ever-shifting signatures and the tendency of attackers to test their malware against anti-virus suites before releasing them.    Granted, the threat-based information-sharing model, if substantiated, would not be totally useless. Not every black hat hacker group will be conscientiously altering its modus operandi, and forcing such groups to cluster their attacks or shift their attack vectors does mean more work for them.    Nevertheless, threat-based information sharing is no panacea, and, yet, efforts to achieve it have absorbed a disproportional share of the legislative and media bandwidth on the topic of cybersecurity policy, crowding out the consideration of alternative approaches. Hence, the basis for our concern.    I appreciate the opportunity to discuss this important topic, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Libicki. I am not sure that you really need that much legislative action apart from, you know, appropriations authorization sort of information. Let me give you an example.    I think the total amount of money spent world-wide to reward people for finding vulnerabilities in software isn't much more than about $10 million a year. When you consider that, globally, $70 billion a year are spent on cybersecurity tools and services and if you believe that, in fact, reducing the number of vulnerabilities can make people safer, there is a certain amount of room to increase the amount of money being spent on finding vulnerabilities.    If I had to make a guess, I would say $10 million, which is not particularly large in the context of, say, DHS's total cybersecurity spending, could do a lot to encourage that kind of discovery.    In terms of the other type of information sharing, every particular attack in many ways can be associated with things that you could have done differently, better practices, best practices. Although we have a canon of best practices today, a lot of times our best practices can be described as belt and suspenders.    When you talk to CISOs who cannot afford both belts and suspenders, they want some sort of guidance as to which one is more important, how important is isolating systems, for instance, how important is multi-factor authentication, how important is training, how important are a lot of the various way that organizations can improve their cybersecurity.    A lot of the way that you learn how organizations can improve cybersecurity is to figure out when something got past these particular defenses.    So where you would want to put more resources in is a consolidated effort to try to assess the relative efficacy of various cybersecurity measures in the context in which they are used, and empowering NIST is one way to do that.    NIST tends not to want to make those sorts of, ``Well, A is better than B decisions.'' But that's the kind of knowledge you're going to need for cybersecurity and, I think, in terms of R&D funding from NSF and the various ARPAs, is a way to help systematize this learning and collect the lessons from this learning.    Mr. Libicki. Yes.    Mr. Libicki. Yes. I want to add to some of the comments.    I think we have a common stake in better cybersecurity. Okay? In a world in which, say, one bank is subject to an attack that causes people to lose trust in the bank, their neighbor across the street isn't going to be better off. In many ways, they're going to be worse off.    The attack that makes people wonder if they can give a credit card to one merchant isn't going to necessarily have them running to another merchant. It's going to complicate the response of everybody who wants to use credit cards in commerce. For that reason, there is going to be a common interest in information security, in cybersecurity, and improving it across the lot.    To a large extent we shouldn't forget that the Government organizations themselves have an interest in their own cybersecurity and there's information on best practices, on how to make good decisions, that they can learn from the rest of the economy, or the benefits that they get from closing vulnerabilities in software used in business also helps the Government organizations preserve their own systems, preserve their own confidentiality in their systems and----    Mr. Libicki . Authentication.