    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Madame Chair.    Let me begin with Taiwan, Mr. Blinken. Taiwan is going to be swearing a new President in May. The DPP will be coming back into power.    Taiwan is, I believe, a very important U.S. ally and I would also expect the PRC in all likelihood to act up to try to throw its weight around. They are, after all, a classic bully. They want to show their displeasure, I think, in this election. They still have 1,600 missiles pointed at Taiwan. As Mr. Rohrabacher had mentioned, they're in the process of building islands, to the great dismay of all their neighbors.    They're militarizing those islands now, and this is all occurring at a time when this administration unfortunately is reducing or trying to reduce the size of our military, including our Navy, which I think is just a terrible idea.    We should, I think, clearly, first of all, make sure that Taiwan has a sufficient military and modernize that they are able to keep China from acting out.    I think the only way China reacts is if they think that Taiwan is weak and that the United States lacks the resolve to defend Taiwan.    What would you say on behalf of the administration to reassure Taiwan that the United States will have its back?    Mr. Chabot. I agree.    Mr. Chabot. Very good point. I agree.    Mr. Chabot. Okay. Thank you.    Let me turn to another topic. I don't know that we've discussed Bangladesh at any length this morning. I think they clearly deserve more attention than they often have received, either by this administration or just in a whole range of things. But, first of all, as we all know, an election was held a while back and Sheikh Hasina was reelected, of course. Khaleda Zia and her party boycotted the election and so the political situation is, I think, a bit iffy there.    But let me ask you this. Bangladesh has long been considered a moderate Muslim country and resisting Islamic radicalism. There have been a couple of incidences just within the last week where we've seen a gay activist who was murdered. We've seen an English university professor publicly murdered and it is believed that these are linked to extremist Islamic intolerant type groups. Could you comment on that and what could be done about it?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you.