    Mr. Clawson. I appreciate you all coming in today. This whole situation feels to me like the folks that we support in Afghanistan don't get along. They don't get up to speed. And our allies don't get to pay their fair share. And so while we risk the lives of our brave men and women it kind of feels like no one else, no one else, Europe, in the region, even the people we support, put chips on the table. And we are the only one getting wet. And so it kind of adds to this never-ending quagmire that we are the only ones really paying the price. And so I am hoping that you all will explain if you see a way out from that, and so I appreciate you all coming.    Mr. Clawson. So we thank you again for coming and for your viewpoints. Appreciate it. We roll back our support, our financial commitment, resource commitment, at all levels and from what I am hearing kind of to the point that the place is held together by contractors that just keep the HUMVEEs running, and if the contractors left, we might not even get the maintenance done--and I am not talking about drones. I am just talking about vehicles. Right?    And then at the same time we put together, I think it was you, Mr. Sedney, that said a government of elites--or was that Dr. Kagan--of corrupt elites, and while the common man and woman is dying in the battlefield, so underresourced, elite leadership at the top that is viewed as corrupt. And, you know, I just kind of wonder if I was a typical Afghan combatant, if all the leaders had second homes in Virginia as their golden parachute, which is the rumor out there, right, and probably a lot of them do. Why would their soldiers want to fight, and why would we send our soldiers, people that are important to us on a personal level, to fight and die for folks who have a golden parachute already established because they have a summer home in the United States, and they are corrupt to begin with?    If there is not a leadership change, in any company, if the top guy is corrupt, then it is all the money for him or her, you can get anybody to work. So if there is no--you know, I would like to say rules of engagement ought to be changed, which is what Ron is saying, or we ought to put in more commitments or more resources and get our allies to do the same thing, but if we have elite folks with summer homes in California or Virginia running the show and they are corrupt, why would we do any of that? And if we don't start with leadership, where do we start? Am I missing here, or are you all agreeing with me?    Mr. Clawson. No, no. I am not saying you are advocating. I am sorry if you took it that way.    Mr. Clawson. But are we asking too much by asking folks to go to war with leaders that are not committed and that have different--when their incentives are not aligned with the incentives of the frontline folks, you have a disaster, and I just think that is unethical.    Mr. Clawson. All three of you all agree with that? And I am talking about the layers below that.    Mr. Clawson. What I hear all three of you saying is that we are off to a better start this time around and a lot more work to do. Thank you. I yield back.