    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks to the witnesses.    It was very interesting for me to hear a scientist tell us, ``We don't know the effects of greenhouse gases on the climate,'' and that prompted me to just quickly do a Google search to look at what NASA has to say on the subject. And the NASA Web site right here says multiple studies published in peer-reviewed journals show 97 percent or more of the climate scientists in the world agree to a very different proposition than what we heard today, that, in fact, human activities and greenhouse gas emissions are contributing to climate change and global warming.    So, I want to congratulate the Majority for finding a scientist with this unique, contrarian view. I suppose, if we looked hard enough, we could find a cardiologist who would tell us that chocolate cake is good for us. But when there is such an overwhelming scientific consensus--you know, just a thought--we might want to hear scientific testimony that reflects that.    There has been some question about the need for this CEQ guidance, Director Goldfuss. And I just wanted to ask you now, courts have looked at the question of whether NEPA requires consideration of climate change matters. And, by my count, I found about 27 cases that have held that various Federal agencies must consider climate change in their NEPA analysis. There is one case out there that disagrees, but does that sound about right to you, that the Federal courts are weighing in 27 to 1 that this must be included in NEPA?    Mr. Huffman. Right. Thank you for bringing that up, because the other point that has been made is that this is some kind of a lawyer's dream, or an attempt to set up a litigation trap.    If you've got agencies out there with so much conflicting guidance from the courts, and no guidance on how they are supposed to actually do this climate analysis, this hard look under NEPA, if left to their own devices, are they more likely to face litigation or less likely?    Mr. Huffman. And with some guidance from your office, and some consistency, would you say that the projects that they are analyzing are more likely to be approved and successful, or less likely?    Mr. Huffman. That is what I thought. So we are probably looking at less litigation, more effective NEPA analysis, and a smoother path for the various projects that are subjected to that than left to the uncertainty of how courts are addressing this under the status quo.    My colleague, Mrs. Lummis, brought up an interesting point. Theoretically, at least, humans emit greenhouse gases, right? And she said that under this guidance from CEQ, theoretically, any emission would have to be subject to climate analysis. I just wanted to ask you about that, because my understanding was you have set a threshold of 25,000 metric tons per year for any action that would even need to be subject to this analysis. Is that right?    Mr. Huffman. OK. Is it possible for a human being to emit 25,000 metric tons of greenhouse gases in a year?    Mr. Huffman. OK. Just wondering, because, I mean, using Mrs. Lummis's hypothetical--we all like Mrs. Lummis, we like hanging around her, she has lots of friends--but if someone emitted that much greenhouse gas, would they have any friends?    Mr. Huffman. All right. Thank you very much. I yield back.    The Chairman. With what I ate last night, I am close to that already. And you did say that when you are doing your final guidance, you are not going to eliminate chocolate cake, right?    