    Mr. Goodlatte. Good morning. The Judiciary Committee will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Committee at any time.    We welcome everyone to this morning's hearing on the ``Impeachment Articles Referred on John Koskinen (Part III),'' and I will begin by recognizing myself for an opening statement.    The Constitution sets forth a system of checks and balances which grants each branch of government tools to help ensure that no one branch of government attains too much power. The legislative branch's tools include the power to write the laws, the power of the purse, the impeachment power, the power to censure, among others. These tools empower Congress to exert oversight over the executive and judicial branches, including rooting out corruption, fraud, and abuse by government officials, and taking further disciplinary action on behalf of the American people when warranted.    The duty to serve as a check on the other branches, including against corruption and abuse, is a solemn one, and Congress does not and must not take this responsibility lightly. That is why this Committee has scheduled this hearing today.    In 2013, the American people first learned that their own government had been singling out conservative groups for heightened review by the IRS as they applied for tax-exempt status. This IRS targeting scandal was nothing short of shocking. It was a political plan to silence the voices of groups representing millions of Americans. Conservative groups across the Nation were impacted by this targeting, resulting in lengthy paperwork requirements, overly burdensome information requests, and long, unwarranted delays in their applications.    In the wake of this scandal, then-IRS official Lois Lerner stepped down from her position, but questions remain about the scope of the abuses by the IRS.    The allegations of misconduct against Mr. Koskinen are serious and include the following. On his watch, volumes of information crucial to the investigation into the IRS targeting scandal were destroyed. Before the tapes were destroyed, congressional demands, including subpoenas for information about the IRS targeting scandal, went unanswered and were not complied with. Mr. Koskinen provided misleading testimony before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee concerning IRS efforts to provide information to Congress.    These are very serious allegations of misconduct, and this Committee has taken these allegations seriously. Over the past several months, this Committee has meticulously pored through thousands of pages of information produced by the investigation into this matter. On May 24, this Committee held a hearing at which the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee formally presented its findings and evidence to the Members of this Committee. Then, on June 22, this Committee held a second hearing to allow outside experts to assess and comment on the evidence presented to the Committee at its May 24, 2016, hearing and the options for a congressional response.    Today we hold a third hearing and hear from Mr. Koskinen himself. I look forward to hearing from Mr. Koskinen today.    It is now my pleasure to recognize the Ranking Member of the Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers, for his opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Without objection, all other Members' opening statements will be made a part of the record.    We welcome our distinguished witness.    And, Commissioner, if you would please rise, I will begin by swearing you in.    Do you swear that the testimony that you are about to give shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Thank you. Let the record show that the witness answered in the affirmative.    Commissioner John Koskinen was sworn in as the 48th IRS commissioner on December 23, 2013. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Koskinen served as the nonexecutive chairman of Freddie Mac from 2008 to 2012 and as acting chief executive officer in 2009. Previously, Mr. Koskinen served as president of the U.S. Soccer Foundation, deputy mayor and city administrator of Washington, D.C., assistant to the President, and chair of the President's Council on Year 2000 Conversion, and deputy director at the Office of Management and Budget. He holds a law degree from Yale University of Law and a bachelor's degree from Duke University.    Mr. Koskinen, you are welcome. Your entire testimony will be made a part of the record, and we ask that you summarize your testimony in 5 minutes. Your written statement, as I said, will be made a part of the record. And you see a timing light on the table. Please help us. We have a lot of Members with a lot of questions to ask.    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Commissioner, I recommend you suspend for the moment while we try to cure this problem.    Mr. Goodlatte. Let's go ahead.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Commissioner.    We will now proceed under the 5-minute rule with questions, and I will begin by recognizing myself.    The report of investigation by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, or TIGTA, concludes in its 2015 report regarding congressional requests for emails that, ``The investigation revealed that the IRS did not put forth an effort to uncover additional responsive emails. None of the IRS employees involved had been asked prior to the June 30, 2014, request from TIGTA to find any backup tapes or the server hard drives associated with the NCFB Exchange 2003 server, which would have contained responsive Lerner emails. The investigation determined that if the IRS would have conducted a search for the existence of backup tapes, they would have found the necessary backup tapes that contained Lerner's missing emails prior to when those tapes were degaussed in March 2014.''    Mr. Koskinen, is there anything inaccurate in that finding of the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, and if so, what is inaccurate about it?    Mr. Goodlatte. Do you believe that it was the duty of the IRS commissioner to, as the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration stated, put forth an effort to uncover additional responsive emails to Congress' inquiries, yes or no?    Mr. Goodlatte. The report of investigation by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration also concluded in its 2015 report as follows: ``The investigation revealed that the backup tapes were destroyed as a result of IRS management failing to ensure that a May 22, 2013, email directive from IRS chief technology officer concerning the preservation of electronic email media was fully understood and followed by all of the IRS employees responsible for handling and disposing of email backup media.''    Is there anything inaccurate in that finding of the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration?    Mr. Goodlatte. Do you believe that it was the duty of the IRS commissioner to, as the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration stated, to ensure that a May 22, 2013, email directive from IRS technology officer concerning the preservation of electronic email media was fully understood and followed by all of the IRS employees responsible for handling and disposing of email backup media? And I would appreciate a yes-or-no response to that.    Mr. Goodlatte. The official IRS Web site in its section describing you, Commissioner John Koskinen, states, ``Mr. Koskinen manages an agency of about 90,000 employees and a budget of approximately $10.9 billion.'' You are the top manager at the IRS, so when the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration concluded that the IRS did not put forth an effort to uncover additional responsive emails and that the backup tapes were destroyed as a result of IRS management failing, the inspector general was referring to you, the manager of the IRS. Is that correct?    Mr. Goodlatte. So after you received the congressional subpoena which affirmatively required that you protect all emails related to this subject, what affirmative steps did you take personally to ensure all responsive documents were preserved?    Mr. Goodlatte. Did you send anyone to different locations where emails are degaussed or destroyed, if you will, and instruct them not to destroy any emails without first going through the persons responsible for your responsibility to respond to the subpoena and say, make sure that no emails are destroyed without first verifying that they are not related to this congressional subpoena?    Mr. Goodlatte. But apparently that message didn't get to the people who actually do the work of destroying emails.    Mr. Goodlatte. My time has expired. Thank you.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan for his questions.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, it will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, it will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Smith, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman from Texas has expired.    The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. You should direct your questions to the witness.    Mr. Goodlatte. We do not think so, but----    Mr. Goodlatte. No.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair will take your request under advisement as we ascertain whether or not your question is answered in the affirmative. If so, then we obviously think it should be.    Mr. Goodlatte. The rules of the Committee would permit the gentleman to ask the question, and the commissioner is requested to answer.    Mr. Goodlatte. The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Chabot, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman, recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Issa, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, they will be made a part of the record.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    *Note: The submitted material is not printed in this hearing record but is on file with the Committee, and can also be accessed at:    http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/ByEvent.aspx?EventID=105349    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman, and recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, the document will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Forbes, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman. Recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Cohen, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Recognizes the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Franks, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Deutch, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Chu, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentlewoman.    Recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Collins, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman, and recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Gutierrez, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired. The commissioner will be allowed to answer the question if he chooses.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired. I allowed additional time because that is a good exchange of what needs to happen.    The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Bass, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentlewoman and recognizes the gentleman from Utah, Mr. Chaffetz, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Richmond, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman, recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Gohmert, for 5 minutes.    Oh, for what purpose does the gentleman from Utah seek recognition?    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, it will be made a part of the record.**---------------------------------------------------------------------------    **Note: The submitted material is not printed in this hearing record but is on file with the Committee, and can also be accessed at:    http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/ByEvent.aspx?EventID=105349    Mr. Goodlatte. And now Mr. Gohmert is recognized.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Jeffries, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired. The witness will be permitted to respond if he chooses to.    Mr. Goodlatte. You can respond.    Mr. Goodlatte. You have to respond to the specific----    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island, Mr. Cicilline, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired. The witness will be permitted to answer the question.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Farenthold, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Would the gentleman--without objection, the gentleman is granted an additional 30 seconds. Would the gentleman yield?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you. You asked a question that Chairman Chaffetz and I would both like to pose to the commissioner a slightly different way.    Can you please provide to this Committee and to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform any written communication, not just emails, any written communication that you or anyone else made instructing IRS employees to preserve records responsive to congressional subpoenas?    Mr. Goodlatte. And who they went to.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Bishop, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Trott, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. You may answer.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Sensenbrenner, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. DeSantis, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Ratcliffe, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman, Mr. Buck, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for an additional minute if he would yield to the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan.    Mr. Goodlatte. Would the gentleman yield to me?    Mr. Goodlatte. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to follow up on that.    You testified today that you wanted--you waited 2 months after finding out that the backup media was recycled before you informed Congress, before you informed----    Mr. Goodlatte. What is correct?    Mr. Goodlatte. Okay.    Mr. Goodlatte. All right. Thank you very much.    This concludes today's hearing. Commissioner, you have given us a lot of your time. We thank you for attending. I want to point out to you that without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions to you or additional materials for the record. And we would ask that you respond to those, and I think it will be in your interest to respond to those written questions promptly.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you. And with that, the hearing is adjourned.