    Mr. Schaefer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, other distinguished members of the Committee. Thank you very much for inviting me to testify here today. The history of the Internet is one of astounding innovation, growth, and success. A great contributing factor to the growth and success of the Internet is that formal governance and regulation has been light, and relatively non-intrusive. Since 1998, the U.S. Government has contracted with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, ICANN, to manage most of the technical aspects of Internet governance, including the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, or the IANA function. This highly successful arrangement is about to change.    As mentioned, in March 2014 the U.S. announced that it intended to end its historical relationship with ICANN. Although the timing of the announcement took many by surprise, the intent is consistent with longstanding U.S. policy to make management of the IANA fully private. This is a very important decision. When the U.S. Government oversight rule ends, ICANN will come under considerable pressure from a number of interested parties to adopt policies that they favor. It is critical that ICANN is sufficient insulted from these pressures to make independent decisions, while simultaneously being responsive and accountable to the broader multi-stakeholder community. This is a very tough line to walk. Failure could lead to inefficiencies, instability, partiality, and other problems that could result in substantial costs, and inhibit a vital medium for free speech and political discourse. There will be only one opportunity to do this, and it must be done right.    I am happy to say that, although much work remains to be done, I have been immensely pleased and impressed with the commitment and progress made to date. To coordinate multi-stakeholder recommendations, ICANN convened community led working groups on stewardship and accountability to draft proposals for the transition. The working groups focused on technical aspects of the IANA have in particular made significant progress. The two teams focused on numbers and protocols submitted proposals in January that appear to have consensus support in the multi-stakeholder community. The third group, focused on names, has recently submitted a draft proposal for public comment. This proposal is more complex, and creates a new government structure within ICANN for the IANA.    All three proposals would allow for separability, the ability to change to a different IANA functions operator if ICANN falls short in some way. This is a critical issue. The possibility that ICANN might lose the IANA contract with the U.S. Government, however unlikely, has provided an independent check on ICANN's monopoly position. A key aspect of the stewardship discussion is focused on how to mirror that check after the U.S. role ends. According to some well-informed sources, ICANN is pushing back on separability. Congress needs to pay attention to this issue and clarify its position.    The accountability working group has also made great progress, and has submitted a draft proposal for public comment. In my opinion, the paramount concerns should be to ensure that, one, ICANN is sufficiently insulated against capture by governments or other narrow interests, two, ICANN's purpose is narrowly defined to prevent mission creep, three, an independent review process is in place to adjudicate and issue binding judgments over disputes between ICANN and the community, and four, ICANN is responsive and accountable to the multi-stakeholder community by establishing a means to recalling the Board, individual Board members, approving the budget, and approving a strategic plan. As currently drafted, the accountability proposal addresses all of these concerns. However, sound ideas and intent can be thwarted by poor implementation, and we are far from the end of the process.    The final issue I wanted to highlight is the tight timeframe. Under the terms of the current contract with ICANN, the U.S. Government will have to decide in just a few short months whether to allow the transition to proceed when the current contract expires on September 30, 2015, or whether to extend the current contract to allow the transition proposals to be more fully developed and/or implemented. As a practical matter, NTIA must have the details of the various proposed changes, and evidence of their implementation, well in advance of this date to make an informed decision on whether its conditions for the transition have been met satisfactorily.    Looking at the hurdles that must be cleared, there is very little chance that this deadline will be met. NTIA administrator Lawrence Strickling and ICANN CEO Fadi Chehade have both insisted, and repeatedly stated, that September 30 is not a goal or a--is not a--is a goal, not a deadline. In fact, there shouldn't be any deadline. Congress should hold them to the fact that this transition must be done correctly, not in any particular time, or in any particular deadline format. Once NTIA's contract with ICANN expires, so does its ability to ensure changes considered necessary by the multi-stakeholder community are approved and implemented. Only after an acceptable transition proposal is offered, and all the necessary forms to ICANN are adopted and in effect, should the U.S. end its current arrangement.    Thank you very much, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Schaefer. That is correct. I don't think there is any way, realistically, that----    Mr. Schaefer. The transition can occur, and all these changes will be implemented.    Mr. Schaefer. I think it is very important for the NTIA to maintain its current role, at least as long as this process is still in play. Once the process is agreed to, and most importantly all this--all the necessary changes are actually implemented and verified, then is the time to----    Mr. Schaefer . End the current relationship.    Mr. Schaefer. I don't think that there are two times. I think that Congress does have a very strong interest in this issue, and in the process. I think it should voice its concerns and its priorities during this process.    Mr. Schaefer. But I also think that it should, at the end of this entire process, take a moment, evaluate what is the final product, and then make a decision as to what is going on, and whether it is meeting its own----    Mr. Schaefer. I don't think it requires a year, but I think it does----    Mr. Schaefer . Need to be assessed at the end of the----    Mr. Schaefer. Sure. Thank you. I think the first part of your question, the best analogy I can----    Mr. Schaefer. No, the----    Mr. Schaefer. I will actually steal from a colleague who was on a panel earlier today, and he says the process isn't broken, and doesn't necessarily need to be fixed. That is true, it has worked very well, and it has been very successful, but the toothpaste is out of the tube, and this was said by Phil Corwin this morning.    And what that means is that we have entered into a process that can't be reversed, and that if we try to reverse it, as mentioned by a couple other people on this panel, the very likely outcome is that--is not that we are going to have the same situation in place going forward, but that the oversight of ICANN and the Internet is going to be taken over by the ITU, or some other international organization, which would be a far, far less accountable, less efficient, and more susceptible inimical pressures than the current one.    And so I think we are far better off having ICANN be accountable to a multi-stakeholder community, which is, in essence, everybody who uses the Internet governing ICANN directly. And if--until that happens, however, we need to maintain the current oversight structure of NTIA and the U.S. Federal Government to make sure that ICANN does accept, and abide by, and implement those measures that have been outlined by Mr. DelBianco----    Mr. Schaefer. Yes.    Mr. Schaefer. Yes.    Mr. Schaefer. I completely agree, Congressman, and you are right, it does not currently exist. That is what we are in the struggle to try and implement.    Mr. Schaefer. Actually, I think that is a--my interpretation is a sense of frustration on the part of Congress that its voice is not being heard, or perhaps being respected in the way that they want it to be. The NTIA has insisted that there is not a role for Congress here, that it has the authority to do this, and Congress has responded to that with this legislation.    And I think the proper way to do this would be for NTIA to say that they are not going to make any decision without consulting with Congress, and involve it directly in the process, and for Congress to voice its concerns directly and clearly to the NTIA, also to the ICANN, and to the multi-stakeholder process what it considers to be vital and key priorities to resolve its concerns.    Mr. Schaefer. I am sorry, who are you addressing the question to?    Mr. Schaefer. Sure. Anything is possible, of course. Other members can bring pressure on other Board members. But inside the reforms, as outlined by Mr. DelBianco, and in the accountability group, individual members of the Board would be susceptible to recall by their constituencies in there, and also----    Mr. Schaefer. Sure.    Mr. Schaefer. Well, the constituencies on the ICANN Board aren't representative of governments. They are representative of parts of the community, and various stakeholder groups, and advisory committees, so I am not exactly sure----    Mr. Schaefer. That would require a significant amount of coordination and pressure among a great deal of people and a great deal of constituencies that I think would be very difficult to either conceal, and do so in a secretive fashion. The nature of the multi-stakeholder community is that it is very diverse, it encompasses a broad array of individuals, and organizations, and businesses, and so forth. And I think it would be very hard to do that, unless you are talking about criminal activity, and then that would be something that would be handled by law enforcement, not through the accountability measures established under ICANN.    Mr. Schaefer. If I may----    Mr. Schaefer. One thing. In my testimony I make reference to an article, and several statements, by Mr. Woodcock, who is part of the CRISP group, and also commentary by Milton Mueller, who is instrumental in the stewardship process as well, and they give some evidence, or at least stories of ICANN resisting the separability process, and I think that is something that is, as mentioned on the panel, very important to the accountability and the long term interests of this process.    And in that discussion, they indicated that some individuals at ICANN had said that Congress was opposed to separability as part of this process. If that is the case, and we don't know whether it is or not. This is, again, a story, Congress should, I think, step forward and clarify whether it is or whether it is not opposed to this as part of the process. And I think, based on what I have seen and what I have heard in discussions that Congress is indeed not opposed to this, and in many cases is supportive of this process, and should state so.    Mr. Schaefer. One other thing I would just emphasize, there is nothing stopping individual members of Congress, or Congress as a body, from submitting comments to various proposals, or any other changes through the comment process at ICANN. In fact, it could do so right now. And that is actually something I would think that Congress would be interested in engaging in during this process, while this is all going on. And that would continue to be an avenue in the future.    Mr. Schaefer. I agree with the assessment there. There has been a concerted effort by a number of countries to try and shift authority away from the United States and ICANN into the international model, the multi-lateral model, ITU or other forms, over years. The U.S. has successfully pushed those back. The expectation now is so high that it is very unlikely that we can get away with not proceeding down the path toward the transition to our private sector overseeing, or withdraw from the U.S. oversight of ICANN.    But one thing I will say is that we need to be very careful not to go down and agree to a transition proposal that is substandard just because we fear something else worse might come along. I think the United States needs to be very clear about what is and what is not acceptable, and hold to that line, because a substandard proposal could be just as bad as the other----    Mr. Schaefer. Mr. DelBianco talked about that a little bit earlier. I believe that the United States should make, condition on the transition, its exclusive ownership of those two TDLs.    Mr. Schaefer. That the United States should make, as a condition of the transfer, its ownership of those two----    Mr. Schaefer. I would like to----    Mr. Schaefer . Things. One, I just can't emphasize enough that it is important that these changes be implemented before the transition. The leverage leaves once that transition occurs, and NTIA no longer is in the position that it currently is in. And, second, on the accountability track, there are two what they are calling work streams. There is work stream one, which there are--the changes that they deem are so important they need to be in place before the transition occurs. That--there is also work stream two, which are deemed to be important, but not necessarily important enough to be in place before the transition occurs.    Work stream two still has a lot of important things in there, and there needs to be a great deal of assurances from ICANN, and from the multi-stakeholder community, through this process that those work stream two items will not be forgotten once this transition----    Mr. Schaefer. I would just like to echo a statement made by Mr. Shears in his opening statement, about how all these issues and these measures are intertwined, they are inter-reliant on each other, and I would highly recommend against moving forward on one without moving forward on all of them together.