    Mr. Vale. Chairman Barletta and Ranking Member Carson and members of the subcommittee, my name is Sam Vale, and I am testifying on behalf of the Border Trade Alliance. We also are part of the South Texas Assets Consortium, which is a participant in the 559 Program, and we do operate a small, private port of entry. For 30 years the BTA has been providing analysis and advocacy for a U.S.--Canada and U.S.-Mexico border issues.    We will start with a fact: Adequate infrastructure produces less congestion and more efficient cross-border trade, as well as generates taxable income. Staffing of the inspection agencies has admittedly been deficient, primarily because of challenges on the hiring processes. And we understand that they are looking for solutions to get this taken care of in the future.    The average age of the border station is around 40 years, but the commercial truck inspection stations and infrastructure are woefully inadequate, and we need to start focusing on that. That is an important part of job creation within the United States.    For example, we have done a $250 million upgrade at the Mariposa Port of Entry in Arizona for fruits and vegetable imports, but yet today there is not enough staffing to keep all the new lanes operational all the times that they should be. This project was completed in 2014, and we are--still haven't got the staffing.    In south Texas we are growing dramatically in manufacturing and produce. And all of this could have been predicted 10 years ago if we had looked at the infrastructure being built in Mexico.    We are--our recommendation is that, with future border station construction, that when it is being planned, that the committee also needs to work with your colleagues in the committees that have oversight over CBP staffing, Federal and State highways, and truck inspections, because you all got to be on the same page, because it doesn't come to fruition until you get there.    The section 560 and 59, it is a viable, creative option to assist the Government in some of its expenses. The donation acceptance program is great, but there is two ideas that must drive them. One is flexibility and the other is return on investment. Flexibility is a must, particularly in the design processes that is going through.    The agencies must demonstrate a willingness to explore new ideas that are different than what they are used to seeing. To be blunt, return on investment--real estate investors and the international trade communities are not charities. They are looking for something in return. The Government should be prepared to demonstrate the financial upside for private and local public sector participation.    CBP appears to be responding to flexibility in the small-scale donation acceptance program, but they have recently announced they are even promising 60 to 70 percent improved processing times in the applications.    Not all border ports of entry need major infrastructure overhauls or dramatic staffing upgrades. The BTA supports pilot projects that have taken place in various parts of the country, and we support the pre-clearance of the Buffalo-bound cargo, where the inspection takes place on the Canadian side of the border and then comes to the U.S. We also support pre-clearance on the Mexican border with the United States. Laredo, Texas, has a pilot there. Otay Mesa, California, has pilots going. And there is even one in an electronics plant in Juarez, Mexico.    However, on the other hand, we need to avoid infrastructure agreements with States and foreign governments that lead to ongoing financial commitments. The BTA acknowledges that there is a significant debate over how to construct a new span across the Detroit River connecting Detroit in Michigan and Windsor, Ontario. We are not going to get into the details, because that is another group of issues, but we do have deep concerns over any agreement between governments to construct new bridge ports of entry requiring ongoing staffing commitments from CBP and other agencies without deliberation and appropriations from the Congress. Should not be done.    The 559 programs have benefitted on the southern border, because we are living up to our diplomatic notes, primarily using donated acceptance program funds. McAllen, Texas, donated the land for the port. Then they later have donated land in Mexico and helped build a road in Mexico. They built lanes on the U.S. side. Now they are building--they are going to be building a border station for truck inspection on the U.S. side on land that they had already donated.    So, there are a lot of opportunities. That is a great example of how you do the right thing. But we need to understand that this is--it is--in a perfect world, the Government should be able to finance all of these activities, and we don't have that perfect world today.    But today we do have an option. We can either choose to go forward with something that would be innovative and creative, or not. But we have a choice before we just lost competitiveness and tax dollars. So we are very happy to be part of that support group.    There is a role for the public and private sector--local public and private sector and the donation acceptance programs. Investors have to have confidence. We think you have to look real seriously at the large projects, because you are not going to get funding on some of these projects, and you can project it 30 years, but that could easily be a 50-year if you are talking about certain stretches of highways and access to how you have to function, because the border station is no good if it doesn't--it is like a bridge halfway there if you don't have all the ingress and egress routes put into what needs to be done.    The Border Trade Alliance appreciates the opportunity to testify. We look forward to finding solutions to our border challenges. I will answer any questions you may find.    Mr. Vale. It is absolutely vital. That is like--it is like two parts of the same machine. You can't--it doesn't work one without the other.    The facilities can--are expensive to build. They are expensive to maintain. And if you are not using them, you are not getting your return on investment as a government. You are not getting your tax dollars. And we really focus right now a lot on the commercial traffic, because we are being overwhelmed on the southern border. The Canadian border is down 25 percent and we are up 25 percent and it is growing.    And it is not that people are not crossing in one place or another, it is that the pie is getting bigger, and there is more and more manufacturing going on in Mexico using U.S. parts to do the manufacturing than ever before. And it is growing. They have been--in one part of Mexico they call them the Bajio Central States. They have had $16.5 billion of foreign investment in the past 3 years, with another 16.5 projected for the next 3 years. This is all foreign money going in there to utilize qualified workforce, costs that are--and the market is the United States of America.    Mr. Vale. Well, one of the things you have to do is have a more accurate predictability of the growth cycles. Now, we have been visiting with some major manufacturings lately, and they said under the right circumstances they could make data maybe through this--southern California creates--make it available to have it sanitized, because these would be confidential business plans. But these business plans, up to 3 years, are 85 percent accurate in what they are projecting.    If we can get that information into the work staffing model for CBP that will also share it with the GSA of what they are going--facilities, that is the innovative-type processes we need to go through, instead of taking a historical look at it, and linear projections forward. Those are part of the puzzle, but they are not the best solution. It is to know what business is planning in produce. Who drives produce? The American consumer. Who knows them best? The big box buyers, not the farmer, not the trucker, but the guy who sells it to the public. We need to get them in the picture.    Mr. Vale. I don't know if the governments do a good job of it, because they many times have overarching--what they think of are more important and sexier items to deal with. But the bottom line is that business does, because the business investor has to have a return.    We think that if you would have looked in Mexico, for example, you saw them constructing these highways. You saw them cross--they built two transcontinental roadways connecting to the border. They also built the highest--and these are not overnight projects--they built the highest suspension bridge in the world. That changes flows and patterns. The dollar and the investment climate in the world changes it.    Somebody needs to be looking at it. I know business is looking at it. We look every day at it. We are working on--2 years ago we were looking at Mexico as an exporter of oil and hydrocarbons. Guess what? Today they are only producing 50 percent of their hydrocarbon needs. Who is going to be selling it to them? Who has already started doing that? The United States.    Mr. Vale. We are--in the smallest port in the country, we are now export oil tankers into--Mexican tankers going across the bridge into Mexico to deliver to their consumers.    Mr. Vale. Well, it is maybe a little easier if you are talking to a local public sector entity, a city or a county or a State government, because they have interests for their taxpayers.    But even private business would like to know that there is going to be a receptive attitude to what they are trying to do, that they are not trying to force is down somebody's throat. It is going to have to meet all the security requirements, whatever is needed there, but there has to be understood that this is something good for all the parties. And sometimes you don't get that reception, it is more like pulling teeth.    Mr. Vale. The thing that jumped out at us was a $100 million commitment for year one and $50 million every year thereafter for staffing alone. Good grief, we have to beg, borrow, and steal to get a guy to work, and every guy that we get to work on the southern border produces tremendous amount of economic benefit.    Why would you be doing that on a border that, right now, by their own admission, is decreasing its exports to the United States, or our imports are decreasing, which means you need less staffing and better utilization of the existing staffing?    Sometimes we forget that we have to look at international bridge ports as a system, and not this community versus that community. And the number of lanes that are out there may be built, but if they are underutilized we are wasting infrastructure.    And oh, by the way, there is not a bridge on the border congested 24 hours a day.