    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And we need to first acknowledge the effort that you and the ranking member have put in this whole area of acquisition reform. Thank you for that.    Gentlemen, thank you for being here. All three of you are incredibly qualified, talented individuals, and we just appreciate your service to the country and being here.    Let me tell you one of my most frustrating points when we are talking about acquisition reform, especially when you look at emerging technologies, capabilities, and threats. People come in here, and they give us the scenario. They say: In a best world, we have a year at the Pentagon to prepare a budget. Then it takes a year over here in Congress. And then we start trying to utilize that funding, and some of the stuff we are looking at has a shelf life of 3 years.    But when I watch speeches outside of this committee room and try to listen to the changes they want, here is what I normally hear: A restating of the problem; secondly, I hear people say something needs to be done; then they say we are studying it; then they say we need a stable budget; then they will give some examples. But, oftentimes, we don't get the specificity we need.    Mr. Stackley, you have had incredibly good work. You have been there 7-plus years, I guess, now. Based on your personal opinion and from the study you have had and what you have done, does the Navy need to establish something similar to the Air Force's Rapid Capabilities Office?    Mr. Forbes. So it would be your opinion that we need something that may not look exactly like the Air Force's Rapid Capabilities Office, but we need something similar to that in the Navy?    Mr. Forbes. So it would be fair for the committee to expect that we would perhaps be seeing something in a more formalized structure like that Rapid Capabilities Office in the coming months?    Mr. Forbes. You also mentioned in your prepared testimony that one key enabler of innovation is funding expressly for rapid prototyping, experimentation, and demonstration. Will we be seeing any of that in the 2017 budget, and if so, where shall we be looking for that?    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, all.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mrs. Davis.