    Mr. Webster. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Cox, in the area of transportation-disadvantaged funding, there has been a GAO report from time to time identifying all kinds of waste, and this particular case in almost every one of those reports TD is mentioned. And the reason is because there's 87 different programs, some of which are--there could be one person covered by eight different TD programs.    Theoretically, for instance in Orlando, Florida, where I'm from, that we have a new VA that's being built, a huge beautiful building that's almost complete, and the VA is working on a program where they would buy vehicles and would give door-to-door service for the--for any person that's in the system.    On the other hand, our same provider of transit also offers door-to-door service. So that's just two. There's some programs where they cover one person, like I said, eight different times; same need. And theoretically, could have a transit vehicle going down a street picking up one person, and then there could be someone else, who is qualified under the same exact thing, being picked up by someone else.    I just wondered if AASHTO has done anything in trying to grab hold of that issue at all?    Mr. Webster. OK, thank you. Then, I had one other thing, and that is in the area of planning, when we talk about regional planning, there's a lot of talk about the Governor and others about the fact that, you know, roads and transportation facilities don't end at the State line or even county lines or city lines, so forth; so there has to be some sort of planning.    On the other hand, I guess we would want to maintain the sovereignty of the States. Has AASHTO come up with any kind of way where we might use some sort of either benefit or encouragement that would allow us to do those kind of planning between either States or even in other areas? Even sometimes there's--it's difficult to even in coordinating between different MPOs and others. Is there anything you've done in that arena?    Mr. Webster. Mayor, could I ask you one question, and that would be from a National League of Cities standpoint, is there a common goal on how cities would normally get their transportation issues funded for your own local roads, in that in some cases the State gets money and some cases the County has a gas tax or so forth, or maybe it's even local option taxes or other things. Is there a--do you have--I mean, or is there some sort of commonality in how cities would get some sort of revenue sharing from that?    Mr. Webster. Do you divide that up by an interlocal agreement of some sort?    Mr. Webster. Yield back.