    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the panel for being here.    Mr. Walke, where are you from?    Mr. Mullin. South Carolina. What is your interest in Pennsylvania?    Mr. Mullin. Do you believe in states' rights? But do you believe in states' rights?    Mr. Mullin. So what you are opposing is going to affect----    Mr. Mullin. Yes, but what you are opposing is going to affect the people that really live in Pennsylvania and I have a big problem with people that are injecting their opinion in a community they don't live in.    You don't understand how important it is, the way of life it is, for those that live in Pennsylvania but yet you want to inject your opinion in it. That is why we set up states' rights to begin with and you said you believe in it.    You say there's a way that states can go around it and they have the final say in it. Well, you and I both know that is absolutely not true because what happens is the EPA sets the standards and then they hold the entire state hostage for it and that is how we are putting an entire industry out of business.    And then you say that there are scrubbers that is available. Well, how much do those scrubbers cost? How much do those scrubbers cost that you are talking about to install?    What do they cost an individual or the industry to install per scrubber?    Mr. Mullin. Give me an average.    Mr. Mullin. So you're saying that this technology is available but you don't even know what it costs and then again you are not even going to pay it because you don't even live in the state. But yet you want to put your opinion in there. I have a big problem with this.    Mr. Mullin. I understand you were invited.    Mr. Mullin. I understand that you were invited. You can listen because I'm talking right now. So I understand that you were invited and I get that and I appreciate your being here.    But you start acting like all this technology is available and it is just as simple as installing it like it would be hooking up a garden hose. But you don't even know what it costs and I don't even actually know if the technology is actually there.    And Mr. Brisini, is that right? Does the technology really exist that Mr. Walke is talking about?    Mr. Mullin. Right. And just to sum it up, this isn't as easy, Mr. Walke, as just putting a muffler on a car and that is how you make it sound. And I don't mean to come across confrontational to you but you are here to testify. But yet you don't have all your facts.    I yield back.