    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And Administrator Dominguez, welcome. Thank you for your leadership.    As you may know, my district which is in the Capital District region in Upstate New York, has become a hub for energy transportation in recent years, seeing a tremendous boom in crude by rail shipments.    Can you provide an update on the crude by rail spill response plan rulemaking?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. And I know you cannot comment on the specifics of that package, but can you explain just what was under consideration, what is under consideration?    Mr. Tonko. Yes.    Mr. Tonko. Right. And you mentioned the FAST Act and the fact that you had to incorporate that into your actions. Are there new requirements or timelines that you need to take under consideration, other time lines?    Mr. Tonko. Let me just state that I believe that it is critical for the public and the emergency responders' safety that they have all the information, the resources, and equipment in place to respond to an incident quickly and effectively. And spill plans are an important part of that effort.    I am encouraged that you are moving forward. I hope that it is done expeditiously so that we can finish the rule and provide those elements to the individuals and groups that I just mentioned.    But to bring this back to pipeline safety, the National Academy of Sciences had a recent study that raised issues with PHMSA's review of spill response plans. Does PHMSA review, do their review plans based on completeness? Do they base it on completeness or is the adequacy of those plans also taken under consideration?    Mr. Tonko. Does PHMSA make recommendations about those plans that it feels are inadequate?    Mr. Tonko. And just how does that work in a functional way? Do they respond to those concerns about inadequacy?    Mr. Tonko. I didn't hear what you said.    Mr. Tonko. OK.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you very much. And is PHMSA's decision not to regularly conduct two-stage reviews, one for completeness, one for adequacy for spill plans an issue of lack of agency resources or is it a lack of legal authority?    Mr. Tonko. OK, and has PHMSA made any progress in instituting the NTSB's recommendations on this issue?    Mr. Tonko. OK. And with an issue of resources, is there an adequate amount of resources to provide for an expeditious response to these efforts that come before the PHMSA group or are there areas of resource activity that could be strengthening your response?    Mr. Tonko. I would appreciate that. And with that, Mr. Chair, I yield back.