    Ms. DELAURO. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. It is a pleasure to join with you and Ranking Member Doggett and the distinguished members of the Ways and Means Committee, all of whom are colleagues on this panel as well this morning.    I thank you for inviting me to testify about two of the most important programs in our social safety net, Supplemental Security Income and Unemployment Insurance.    We must not lose sight of the people these programs are there to help. Millions of American families rely on them every day to make ends meet, and they make a real difference.    SSI supports low-income seniors and people living with disabilities, including families who need extra help to raise a disabled child. For a great many people, SSI is a critical piece that helps them to live their lives day to day.    UI helps workers who lose their job through no fault of their own to continue putting food on the table, paying their bills, and raising their families. And despite an improving economy, millions of Americans still need that support to get through a tough period in their lives.    Both programs help the economy as recipients spend their benefits on the necessities of life. I hope and I know we can agree that these benefits should always be there for struggling families who need them. Eliminating fraud and abuse is a critical part of keeping these programs strong for the vast majority of recipients whose need is all too genuine.    Clearly, those who break the law should be prosecuted, and we all agree to that. However, as the ranking member on the Labor, HHS, Education Appropriations Subcommittee, I must highlight the damage years of budget cuts have done, including to the very programs that are designed to root out fraud and abuse.    At the Department of Labor, the Labor, HHS, Education bill funds activities known as, quote, ``reemployment eligibility assessment and reemployment services,'' or REARES. These programs help beneficiaries to access reemployment services, but they also identify and remove individuals who are not eligible for UI. In this way, every dollar invested in REARES saves the UI system an estimated $3 to $4 in benefits.    In the 2010 budget resolution, we provided a $50 million cap adjustment for these anti-fraud activities. It is estimated by OMB to have saved more than $200 million in State UI funds. Unfortunately, American taxpayers no longer recoup all of those savings because the Budget Control Act eliminated the cap adjustment.    So my first suggestion to this committee is to convince our colleagues on the Budget Committee to reinstate the cap adjustment and then to double it. If we do that, we can save taxpayers $400 million each year, $4 billion over the next decade.    And the Social Security Administration, which oversees SSI, the Labor, HHS, Education bill, funds two program integrity initiatives: continuing disability reviews, known as CDRs, and SSI redeterminations. For every $1 invested, SSI redeterminations save about $4. CDRs save around $15.    In the 2015 budget, the President asked for more than $1.7 billion for these cost-cutting initiatives. Because of the years of underfunding of SSA's operating budget, the subcommittee had to cut the request by $211 million, another casualty of budget austerity. As a result, taxpayers are missing out on a potential savings of more than $2 billion.    My second suggestion to the committee is to increase the allocation for Labor, HHS appropriations bill so we can fully fund the President's request. Some of my colleagues may think the solution is to take more funds from SSA's operating budget. That would be a mistake. SSA's operating budget has already been cut by more than $1.2 billion in real terms since 2010. SSA has lost 11,000 staff between 2010-2013, has closed at least 64 field offices in the last 5 years.    You need to talk to seniors in your district to think about what these closures mean. People are forced to spend seven times as long on the phone to reach an SSA agent. Five times as many callers are faced with a busy signal. The average wait for a disability hearing decision is now more than 15 months.    We cannot expect SSA to do more with less. It can only do less with less. I agree that fraud and abuse needs to be stamped out, but we need to not slash the SSA's operating budget to do it.    I would leave you with this: The allocation--I know it is not in the purview of the Ways and Means Committee--is $3.7 billion lower than it was for 2015. That means less for the Department of Labor, less for SSA.    I believe it is the wrong direction. And what we can do is we can prevent errors and, at the same time, root out fraud and abuse, but without hurting hard-working Americans and the services that they have earned.    So I ask you to keep those programs in mind as you move forward. The programs are too important to be allowed to wither. We need to root out that fraud and abuse. We do not need to do it in a way that undermines these programs for millions of families who support them.    Thank you for the opportunity to be here this morning.    Ms. DELAURO. Thank you.