    Mr. Fugate. Well, thank you, Chairman and Members. Congressman Thompson, we go way back when I first started in     As we look back at Katrina, there are lot of questions: Well, why did it go wrong, who was at fault? It is easy to point to an individual or to a system and say this failed. I think you have to get to why we failed. It is an inherent danger we face in dealing with disaster preparedness.    I am seeing it play out even today. That is, we prepare for what we are capable of, and we hope it is never any worse. It is interesting that even after Sandy, where we were barely able to mobilize the resources fast enough to get to the disaster, we are continuing to look at how we reduce our footprint, how do we reduce our overhead, how do we reduce our budget.    I caution people in going, look, this is not a retail delivery system. Disasters don't occur with a schedule, where they are planned or where you know they are going to happen.    There is a certain inherent risk to wanting precision at the expense of being fast. Much of what you are going to find where you find errors at FEMA is not because we are not trying to be good stewards of the taxpayers' dollars. It is that we understand that speed is critical in stabilizing a disaster.    It will not be precise, it is rarely going to be cost-effective as it would be on a day-to-day basis, and it is going to have errors. Now, that is not an excuse, that is just a reality. So we always balance with precision is great, but at what expense to getting to the survivors.    We have driven down our error rate on individual assistance tremendously, but it is still high for the program; more than we want to accept.    But I also know that the more we get that lower, it will mean--and we will see this in South Carolina, where people who don't have a driver's license, who may not know where their Social Security number is, and are applying for assistance and are eligible for that assistance--the system is going to not be able to be as responsive. We are going to have to basically then run that in a less efficient manner to try to help those people.    We run into issues where families don't have deeds because their property got passed down in the family and nobody went to the courthouse and then we can't prove ownership of the home. We use those tools to avoid fraud but, at the same time, we have to balance that against the world we are in. So our challenge is, is when we build for disaster we have to build for what can happen. If we make a decision we are going to build for what we can afford, then the expectation that it scales up doesn't work.    We know that our systems have to be robust on the large end and they have to be built around the people we serve, and the survivors. That environment has all kinds of inherent risk, where you try to put the controls in. But I also caution, the more accuracy, the more precision we try to get, the slower the response will become and the more likely that eligible people may not get the assistance they need in the time frames they need.    The other part of this is that we have learned is, we have to plan for the communities we live in, not what fits our plan. One of the great tragedies we saw that occurred during Katrina was, for many communities that were not basically well-represented, disadvantaged--low-income areas that probably many people didn't go to very often--weren't in the plan.    The reason was, we kept putting them in the annexes. We would look at people with disabilities and go, ``Well, you are hard to do so we are going to put an annex in our plan for you.''    ``You have pets. Well, that is going to be a problem at the shelter, so we are going to write annex on pets.'' ``You got frail elderly. Well, they are not easy to take care of so we are going to write an annex for them.''    When I asked the question, when I got to FEMA--is, well, why are putting all these hard-to-do in annexes? Why did we write a plan for easy instead of the communities we live in? The answer was, we had provided as guidance how to plan for, essentially, middle-class people with insurance, with a high school education or better, who were English-proficient, who had a car and generally had resources to take care of themselves.    We didn't address the most vulnerable part of our community. So the other part of our work is to plan for what can happen, not what we are capable of doing. But the other piece of that is, you plan for the communities you live in, you don't make the community fit your plan.    If you find yourself putting groups into an annex you fundamentally didn't get the whole picture of what your job is to do. That means you have to focus not on the easy-to-do, but on what the community requires.    So with that, Madam Chair, I look forward to questions.    We are an imperfect organization dealing with the inherent uncertainties of disaster response, but I can tell you on behalf of the FEMA staff nobody in this organization is shirking from their duties to do the best they can when the bell rings and the country needs us.    Mr. Fugate. Well, I think it comes back to what I learned when I came to Washington. There are two important things that Congress provides, is authorization to do work and appropriations to do that.    But my appropriations is tied more to the Stafford Act. The Homeland Security Act is a much broader document. We have, if you have read, been charged with supporting everything from unaccompanied children, which was not a Stafford Act response, to supporting the Centers for Disease Control with instant management assistance teams; again not a Stafford Act response. Supporting the Gulf Coast oil spill; again, not a Stafford Act response.    The authority is actually in our Homeland Security Act as amended. You gave us no limitations. You said we were all-hazard, we were an agent of the Executive branch, we were the principal emergency manager for advice.    But our funding streams, and our traditional disaster dollars and much of that capability, is actually funded out of the Stafford Act, which does not recognize all those.    So I think, again, through the appropriations language and the authorization language, one of our challenges, I think--and this is to the other Federal agencies--we would prefer not to be the agency they wait until it is bad before they ask for help. But because they often times have to do interagency agreements, or transfer authority for us to do that work, it might be helpful to look at our role as to crisis manager across Federal Government. Are there tools that can lower the bar for other agencies to access or utilize FEMA in that support?    The authorization language you give us gives us that ability. But the funding mechanisms, particularly the Stafford Act, there are not clean linkages. It would be something to consider in carrying out the authorized language what that would look like.    Mr. Fugate. To be brief, one of our challenges when we do mitigation, and General Accounting Office, and I am sure Director Koon can attest to this, we have to look at cost-benefit analysis and a lot of gyrations to make sure the dollars we are investing give a sufficient return on that. I would much rather use building codes and standards.    What we find in many cases, if we know what the engineering standard is and we can point to a standard, it negates the need to do a lot of other cost-benefit analysis because it is already a code requirement we can build back to.    So where we can identify those codes and standards--even if they are not adopted at the local level--it means, at least for the Federal dollars, we are building back to the science versus what may have been adopted locally. It lowers the bar and workload at the local level to do the cost-benefit analysis to justify it.    Mr. Fugate. It is still going to be an issue jurisdiction by jurisdiction. Some States have done better than others, but what we clarified was, in our planning and our funding, what would be permitted, what we would reimburse for under protective measures. We make it quite simple. When we tell people to evacuate, we say take your pets with you.    Part of this is getting people to understand, it isn't necessarily about the pets themselves; it is a people issue. If people choose not to evacuate or go into harm's way, it adds to the workload to the responders. Therefore, it is in the public interest to address this. But you cannot bolt it on; it has got to be built in. Because if people don't have anywhere to take the pets they are not going to evacuate.    Mr. Fugate. Short answer is, you are right. We are not there, for a variety of reasons. One is, is changing the requirements of the program. Some people chose that that was not something they were interested in. But another fundamental issue is, these are people who look at this as employment opportunities. When we have very inactive years, as we have had for the last couple of years, they are not State-engaged.    So one of our challenges is--our funding mechanisms, you know, the military reserve--you do 2 weeks every year, and every weekend. For our Reservists, they may not get called up or deployed for over a year if there are no disasters.    So one of our challenges is, how do you get trained people ready to go at a moment's notice, but keep them engaged when you are not dealing with disasters? That is something that has eluded us both a funding issue, but also an engagement issue.    So we continue to work this. But you are absolutely right, our numbers are down. We have changed the program; we are trying to bring that program to a higher level. But without a retention mechanism, it is always a challenge to train people, keep them engaged, and then not deploy them because there is lack of activity. Which is a good thing, but it also means it is hard to keep an engaged workforce.    Mr. Fugate. Congressman, we evaluate them and we actually do threat hazard assessments and a lot of other tools. But when you get to the individual assistance, I am not sure who said they were going to run out of money. It is not FEMA. You fully funded FEMA in the Disaster Relief Fund. There is not an issue on FEMA dollars.    As it goes to the SBA, FEMA, that is actually how the program was designed was it is means tested. If you had insurance, your needs are met; there is no need for a grant. If you can afford an SBA disaster loan, then that is the preferable route. It is only if you don't qualify would you be qualified for a FEMA grant.    Part of what we do in the Government Accountability Office looks at this as there are certain things we know that if you already are getting certain types of assistance you have already met the means test for the grant so we don't have to send you to SBA. But if you have an income and the ability to repay, we have to get the determination from SBA first. It is that information we try to do.    I agree. I mean, I try to get people to look at this, building systems around the survivor. I am just fortunate, sir, you found SBA in the same place we were. Previously, we were often times set up in different locations. But it is----    Mr. Fugate. It is a tough one because we work through the Governor and the Governor's team. But we have a lot of influence. What you are telling me is causing me even more concern about some of the other things I have heard. That will be addressed, and I will work on that.    But I still find that, again, our systems are based upon the Governor's request, working through the Governor. The Governor has to certify cost-share. So I can't take and bypass the Governor, but I can be a good partner and point out things that we see that we could do better, and focus more on the most vulnerable communities.    Mr. Fugate. Well, I would have to look into the direct case. It really depends upon on at the point they filed a--the SBA was made available.    During the initial response there was no supplemental funds, there was no additional funds for HUD. So at that point, that probably was the best information we had. Later, when Congress--several months later--passed the Sandy supplemental you provided substantial funding to HUD. I am not sure if these were the funds they are referring to, but HUD funds are----    Mr. Fugate . Available to the State. The States then determined how to administer those funds. In many cases, they looked at those funds to elevate or repair structures that were uninsured.    But at that point, the time line was when the initial application was made FEMA grants were limited to a very small amount of money--about $33,000--and that is not going to make repairs. The SBA was probably what was available.    Now, if we knew that the supplemental was going to come through and that that would be the decision being made it would have been easier to bring all that together. But I think because of the time lapse, that was part of the challenge. That many of these longer-term recovery funds came in after a lot of the initial assistance was being made.    We roughly saw and distributed about a billion dollars in immediate assistance, whether it was rental assistance or other direct payments, in about the first 35 days. So a lot of things were happening to help people that may have predetermined what would be available as other programs came on later. I think this goes back to your point, also being raised here. We tend to approach disasters--because FEMA's programs don't make people whole--that it is a given.    Mr. Fugate. We are just basically the beginning of that. Other Federal programs which historically have provided that assistance--such as HUD, in rural areas the Farm Service Agency, and others--have programs that States can use in disasters although they are not specifically designed for that on the front end. Then through the appropriation process we usually give them more authority to do that.    But now you are coming in as agencies in pieces. So where we have this on the front end we try to bring everybody together and work with the State on the longer-term recovery of bringing those programs together and looking at gaps. But it is still a challenge.    As we saw with Sandy, because of the length of time from the initial impact before some of these programs kicked in I wouldn't be surprised. But I hope you have given my staff that. We will look into this and see what did happen and what was the cause of it.    Mr. Fugate. I would have to defer to the other programs, HUD and others. Because I know with the supplemental they put in--and, at that time, it was Secretary Donovan--it was putting in some program guidance. But it gives the Governors the flexibility to look at, you know, in many cases doing elevations or buy-outs of structures, or using this to address the gap between uninsured losses and making homes repaired.    Generally, they are doing it under authority of their affordable housing programs. So often times you take existing structures and then you adapt it to the disaster. I think if you are looking at that, it would be going back to, and perhaps Government accountability offices. Because a lot of times these monies are trying to come down through existing programs and adapted for disaster, they often times bring those legacies that don't always fit or communicate across the spectrum.    Mr. Fugate. Well, as you point out these are what we call the ``preliminary maps,'' and that is part of the process of getting the community feedback on it and looking at additional data.    But the challenge with flood insurance maps are, they are determining an insurance risk and the level of accuracy is corresponding to the level of data. The type of data that would be required to actually individually pick out houses is mind-boggling. So we tend to look at the area, not--and that is why you are still required to get elevation certificates for each structure.    But technology is changing so we are looking at how do we move from the existing engineering studies that we use to determine the flood and how do we get better data.    In fact, we are partnering, and are joining as part of a new center in Alabama bringing together the National Weather Service and NOAA, the Corps of Engineers, ourselves, and looking at how do we take things like LIDAR and other tools to not increase the cost of the mapmaking, but increase their accuracy to reduce the errors.    But as we have found in many cases, as much as we challenge and go over this we still see substantial flooding outside of the special risk area. So they are not tools that say whether areas will flood or not. They are tools to determine when they would exceed a threshold for mandatory purchase and increased risk for flood insurance.    Mr. Fugate. I would have to have staff look into this. I don't have the specifics of this. I know, in general, what we have run into before is when we do get improved projects we have to go back in and do the remapping. It is basically a resource and time issue. So I don't know what the time frames are or what is involved in that. I would have to go back to staff.    But in general, when we do get these we do factor them into the new maps. But if it is something where we have to put it into it, we have to go back and run the models. It is a staff and time issue.    Mr. Fugate. Well, I actually got cross-pollinated early in my term. I was detailed to OFDA and USAID in the Haiti response.    Mr. Fugate. We sent significant response to Haiti. OFDA is a much more tiny organization, but we do share back and forth. We have communications but it is, again, we actually look within the Department of Homeland Security as part of the surge workforce and continue to work on how we can use DHS employees, which we did in Sandy, to augment the response.    Mr. Fugate. I would refer to OFDA. What I heard when I went over it the last time was, they work in an entirely different environment and in an entirely different set of circumstances, and it is not an exact transfer although we do similar things. It worked to the degree that it worked in Haiti, but----    Mr. Fugate . It would be worthwhile pursuing if USAID was interested. I would be interested in talking.    Mr. Fugate. I will reach out and we will see what they think.    Mr. Fugate. Well, I will start and try to be short. I think the big difference is, is you make the mistake with social media that it becomes another press release. You are going to fail. It is actually a two-way conversation. So even in the response going into South Carolina, part of what we do is we listen and respond back to social media. People oftentimes will highlight areas of concern or where they say, hey, you are not there, or, we haven't seen you.    Mr. Fugate. So it is that two-way conversation. But you have to build that on the front end. You have to build your brand so the public knows who you are, that you are trusted, and either follow you or come to you during disasters.    But you also have to make the devices work the way they work. You have to communicate with the tools they are using. Since I have been in the business we have gone from Twitter to half a dozen other things and to, recently, Periscope. So it is always we seem to be following where people are using the devices because our goal is to communicate with them at their level with the information they need.    Mr. Fugate. Well, again, I think we have got the right tools in place. With the idea of dual-status commanders so that we can fold Title 10 active-duty and reserves now into a Governor's response without having to set up dueling commands is a huge step forward.    But I will give you the most recent example in the floods in the Carolinas. We recognized early on that this was going to be a rainfall event that would produce significant risk of flash flooding, which would then dictate that you are going to need a lot of swift-water rescue and helicopters with hoist capabilities. Even within the Guard, that is finite capability. With the military jurisdictions throughout the area, it was important that we work back through NORTHCOM in anticipating these resources.    Admiral Gortney and his team were able to work back through the DOD establishment and put quite a few resources at our readiness. Basically, we had PJs and choppers ready to go with 2-hour recall. So that system has improved, it is robust. The leadership of DOD--Admiral Gortney and NORTHCOM and FEMA--we worked to shorten the time frames from the time a request may be needed to we have resources to support the State. This isn't about we are getting in front of the TAG. But we want to make sure we have the resources in the pipeline so that the TAG makes the determination they are going to need additional Title 10 or Reserve capabilities, we are not waiting for that, it is ready to plug in.    Mr. Fugate. But it is much-improved, it is dynamic, it is getting better each time. I think the goal being seamless between the active duty and the Guard will always be, you know, there. But it is getting much better than it has been.    Mr. Fugate. Oh, it is a----    Mr. Fugate. It is a----    Mr. Fugate . It is an interesting tool that allows you to shoot live video from your phone, while people can send you comments on their Twitter feeds. So if you have a Twitter account and you go to Periscope it is like a live broadcast and they can actually----    Mr. Fugate . Ask you questions in the middle of it.    Mr. Fugate. I didn't know that 6 months ago, sir, so it is----    Mr. Fugate. Yes, sir, and it is primarily with the evacuation support and things like that. But I want to go back to this idea that you are presenting, which if you remember we used to do what we called ``community relations.'' We would go in the neighborhoods, we would give them a phone number to call, and that is all we did.    Mr. Fugate. We are not doing that that way anymore. We are going in, and if you haven't registered we are going to register you where we find you. This is, again, why I am very interested in what is happening in South Carolina: Are we missing communities? Because we were up front with the Governor. We will go to where people are, they don't have to come to us.    So what we have found, sir, is that if we are going to put in the resources to put people on the ground to go door-to-door and say here is how you register with FEMA, why don't we just register you where we find you so that if you don't have transportation you are not having to come find us?    We know that particularly in the rural areas, those communities that aren't on everybody's radar every day are easy to miss. So we also work with our GIS folks that when we go into these areas--because we start looking at the maps and going are there any houses in an area that nobody is talking about. Can we get a team out there and just go door-to-door?    So that is what my expectations are. That we will go to where the people are. If that is not happening I need to know that to fix it. But we have gotten out of this making them find us. I want to go to them and, as much as possible, that first contact get them in the system. Then use these recovery centers if we need follow-up. But I would much rather set it up where I can get to where people are.    Mr. Fugate. I understand. Again, since we didn't have the HUD program, there wasn't anything that we knew was coming for certainty. I actually have to work back through with SBA. Because we would not inform them of that because they are actually getting an SBA loan.    So I want to make sure that in our communications--because when we refer people to SBA we are not now running the SBA program. But I think that your point is, are we making sure that as we tell people what programs are available what the caveats are is also part of that process. So I will take that back and look at how we make sure that as people are coming into our program, and if they are being referred to SBA, that we include that in that messaging.    Mr. Fugate. The process would be, if we know this is being built and the jurisdiction has asked for their revision of their maps even though projects aren't completed, that we know they are funded we can actually look at what you want to do this as you go through your next insurance cycle--if you are going to do any adjustments, is look at what those improvements are, map that improvement, and then provide the guidance to the write-your-owns as they come up on the next rate cycle.    But we have taken projects that had not been completed and begun that process, knowing that within the window of time it is going to be completed and we need to start the mapping. Because we will already have what the engineering impacts of that will be.    So, again, I will ask staff to see where we are at on that, if we have had that request, and how much have we begun on that. We will report back.    Mr. Fugate. I would have to ask staff. Again, I know that what we have recommended is reducing their impacts. I don't know if that would change their rate substantially. I wouldn't want to commit, saying if you do this it equals X, because I think that is something we have to go back and look at. How much do we actually reduce the risk of payouts versus we may do a better job of not flooding parts of the contents but we may still have a claim to be filed? So I would have to ask staff to look at that and see what that looks like.    Mr. Fugate. Congressman, my recommendation would be to work back with SBA and, potentially, the other agencies that would require supplemental, such as--and I would imagine you are talking about maybe HUD and Community Block--development grant dollars, Federal aid, highway, Farm Service Agency, USDA disaster loans, crop damages and stuff.    Mr. Fugate. That you ask them what are the errors or the issues about what you are permitted by law to do that is counterintuitive in this case, and is there drafting language that could clear the decks. Because if they have a requirement that says they cannot--it is usually a duplication of Federal benefits--is----    Mr. Fugate . The issue is, do they have solutions that you could incorporate into a supplemental that would address these things so that, in some cases, you want to get SBA loans out there. Because this may take a while and they could make repairs. But could they not then seek a reimbursement when they get a qualifying grant and pay the loan off?    But it is the fundamental issue of duplication of benefits, and I think if you ask the agencies what they would need to minimize that or perhaps help navigate those areas, that would be the approach I would take.    Mr. Fugate. Congressman, I----    Mr. Fugate . I agree with the issue about duplication of benefits. I ran into this myself where we had provided individual assistance. But because of delays in administering and getting policy paid out with the National Flood Insurance program, they often times got loans from the Community Block Development Grant dollars and then we were able to get the other issues settled.    So we made a decision--I had this discretion--that we would determine that because of the severity of impacts that duplication of benefits was not necessarily going to apply if you were getting individual assistance and flood insurance because the losses were so great. We would do it case-by-case.    So perhaps that is also giving either the Secretary or the administrator of those programs that judgment so they can do it case-by-case.    Sometimes you do blanket, you get unintended consequences. But there is always that hardship that if you give the administrator that discretion or the Secretary that discretion I think you get to some of those hardship cases that otherwise we don't have a good response for.