    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to say thank you to each of the Commissioners for taking your time to be here. It has been a while since we have had the full panel, and we are appreciative for this because we do have some questions. And FCC actions over the past several months have raised some questions about transparency and accountability and, as our chairman likes to say, regulatory humility or the lack thereof. So those are issues we want to cover with you today.    We also are going to want to talk some about net neutrality and the Commission's potential entry into the online privacy realm. That has been the jurisdiction of the FTC, so we are a bit concerned about that and about how your policies seem to go about pushing the concept of picking winners and losers, which is not your job. The marketplace should do that.    I am also going to have some questions about your decision to preempt state laws in Tennessee and North Carolina on the muni broadband issue. The chairman touched on this. You have a position there that even DOJ found that it could not support. So this is of concern to us.    We thank you for being here to answer the questions.    And I yield the balance of the time to Mr. Latta.    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Wheeler, I want to talk about the Downloadable Security Technical Advisory Committee report and the final report it issued on development of downloadable security systems that would facilitate the delivery of video programming over third-party services. And, as you can imagine and as we have talked many times, my content producers in Nashville have a lot of concern about this.    And one of the proposals would allow MVPD service to be disassembled into individual piece parts that any retail device manufacturer could selectively reassemble into a new configuration and a new service. And it is similar to the AllVid concept considered by the FCC in 2010. Disaggregating this MVPD content would also lead third parties to circumvent the consumer protections that are built into regulated MVPD service but not into AllVid.    So, with respect to AllVid, I am concerned by ideas that are being pushed right now by some individuals and groups that would allow third parties to use the content for their own service in ways that violate the licensing terms and without consent of the content creator.    And we have a TV marketplace that is producing more video content than ever, so why would the government support this kind of intervention and theft?    Mrs. Blackburn. So we can be assured that you all are not going to diminish the right of these content creators to control their content, correct?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK.    Let me move on. I watched some video statements made by Jonathan Chambers over at the North Carolina Rural Center's Rural Broadband Conference that was held back in September. And he did a presentation called ``Build It Anyway.'' And he, in this, personally talked about how he personally secured $100 million, which he referred to as a tiny amount of money, for a rural broadband experiment.    And I want to play that right now.    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. If we can come back to the questioning.    Mr. Chairman, were you aware of this presentation and aware that he was discussing $100 million as a tiny amount of money? Because I can assure you, to my constituents in Tennessee, it is not a tiny amount of money.    Mrs. Blackburn. Are you aware of this supposed experiment?    Mrs. Blackburn. The private sector, I think, can probably----    Mrs. Blackburn. But to the tune of $100 million?    Mrs. Blackburn. You think that that is worth $100 million?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK.    Mrs. Blackburn. Is this an example of regulatory humility with which you approach your job?    Mrs. Blackburn. Mr. Chairman, I have letters from both the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor of the State of Tennessee I would like to submit for the record about their concerns----    Mrs. Blackburn . With overriding muni broadband.    Mrs. Blackburn. I yield back.