    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to commend you and Chairman Ros-Lehtinen for continuing this series of hearings on Iran, perhaps the most dangerous regime in the world today.    Iran continues to be one of the world's leading abusers of fundamental human rights. The example of the Baha'is which both you and Chairman Ros-Lehtinen talked about already, it has already been referred to, but unfortunately it is only one of many of these abuses which are taking place today.    The regime persecutes anybody who dares to speak publicly or not so publicly against the regime and often issues death sentences to Iranians who are charged with insulting the Islam. It has become pretty clear that the so-called moderate Rouhani is just another in a long list of Iranian dictators whose contempt for his own people's fundamental human rights and religious freedom is readily apparent.    When I chaired the Middle East Subcommittee in not the past, but the one before that Congress, as I had the opportunity to spend about an hour with Prime Minister Netanyahu in his office, and some of the things he told me were shocking and I hadn't heard a lot of them in the news. And one in particular that stands with me to this day was the fact that during the Green Movement they had videos, the government did, and so when they were over we might have thought it was over. And what they were doing is systematically identifying those people that were in the crowds and that were supporters of the Green Movement and they were disappearing and in many instances along with their families, and this was something that got very little attention.    And my colleague, Ms. Ros-Lehtinen, mentioned this administration's, for lack of a better term, dropping the ball, in many instances when it comes to Iran. That was one in particular. I think we had an opportunity to actually speak out and do something on behalf of that movement. That was an opportunity that was missed and a lot of people unfortunately have paid a very high price as a result of that inaction.    And so I want to thank you for holding this hearing and I yield back.