    Mr. Young. Yes, look, but the time is over.    Mr. Young. Yes, I realize that, but----    Mr. Young. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to ask every one of these Members in this room, on this committee, how many of you are happy with the airline that serves you--is happy with the airline that serves you now? You are happy with the one that serves--two?    Mr. Young. I mean I am bringing out a point. This is on the board. Four members from--airlines, there is not one of us really happy with the airlines. Alaska Airlines does the best job, that is recorded. But just think about that when we organize this bill, when we deal this bill in creating the board.    Now I am personally involved in this legislation. If anyone's State is affected by this legislation, it is Alaska. You take all the land east of the Mississippi to the tip of Maine to the tip of Florida, that is Alaska, part of it. And you have 253 congressmen and 52 Senators in that area. And in this bill we eliminate--they say you do not--eliminate essential air service. In a sense I have to take and fight each year to get appropriations to fund it. And that is wrong. I have told the chairman of this. Essential air service is crucial to my State.    Second part is if we take--the 135s are exempted or not exempted from the taxes. That is what serves my community. I don't have highways, I don't have streets. I have got air. And what this bill does, a lot of--in this bill is good, Mr. Chairman, I will admit that. I have gone through it. FAA has got too big, and they are incestuously created. They have been around too long and they get involved in golf courses, getting involved in some silly-ass things that have nothing to do with safety, and that has to be changed.    But the idea we are going to penalize a State--and I have asked you to exempt Alaska. Don't just give it to the big airlines, because what will happen is the consumer will not be served correctly.    We started out, when I first got elected, we had 29 airlines. We have got basically four now. Four. And if they are going to run this FAA, I don't think the consumer is going to get the right representation on that board. I am glad to hear the witnesses say that they would support at least a consumer being on that board. And that is for the airlines.    Mr. Chairman, I will say again this bill, if it is not fixed, I am not going to support it. It had better be fixed. I yield back.    Mr. Young. Will the gentleman yield? Let's talk about the board.    Mr. Young. You got four big airlines as board members. NATCA now is supporting it. And I question that, by the way. I fought for you every inch of the way, and we want to find out what is behind that.    General aviation has one. Two? General aviation has two. OK, two. What is the other one?    Mr. Young. Two--and who are they going to be? Do we have any input on that? No. We do not. The President has----    Mr. Young. The President. And we are the Congress of the United States. I would feel a lot better if we were to appoint them. Why should we let a President appoint them? This is our job as legislators.    If we are going to change the system, let us change it with us having some control over it, financially. And the board members should be appointed from the Congress. I am not going to give any President any more authority. That is the wrong--we have done this over and over again. We give the President--we might as well have a king. I don't want a king.