    Mr. Yee. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Rohrabacher, Representative Sires, members of the subcommittee, I want to thank you for inviting me and my colleague, Susan Fritz, to appear before you today to discuss the Western Balkans 20 years since the Dayton Accords were signed. We are deeply grateful to the Congress and this subcommittee, in particular, for your interest in the Western Balkans which are an integral part of our vision of a Europe, whole, free, and at peace. Your engagement with senior Balkan officials, both here and in the region has sent a powerful signal that the United States remains committed to the region's future.    Today that vision is more under threat than any time since the end of the Cold War. Russia's aggression in Ukraine and ISIL's reign of terror in Syria and Iraq have underlined the geostrategic importance of a strong, stable Europe including in the Western Balkans. In this new context, our work with Balkan partners to create a space for free markets and free peoples is more important than ever.    EU and NATO membership, aided by U.S. engagement and assistance remains the transformative political and economic force for the Western Balkans. Progress is happening. Albania and Croatia joined NATO in 2009. Croatia became the 28th EU member in 2013. Montenegro is making steady progress on EU accession negotiations and is intent on qualifying for NATO membership. Albania's recent elections were the best democratic transition in that country's history. Serbia and Kosovo are making landmark progress toward normalization. And lastly, Bosnia and Herzegovina has negotiated its EU Stabilization and Association Agreement. I would like to give just a quick update on the region's seven countries.    Bosnia and Herzegovina. Bosnia and Herzegovina remains one of the poorest countries in Europe and lags far behind the rest of the region in reforms needed for membership in the European Union and NATO. To catch up, Bosnia and Herzegovina will need to accelerate reforms. We and our European partners have urged Bosnia and Herzegovina to begin with socio-economic reforms that can make a tangible impact in the lives of Bosnia and Herzegovina citizens. These initial reforms must lead to institutional and political reforms that Bosnia and Herzegovina needs to become a stable, functional state, fully integrated with the rest of Europe. We believe that the future of Bosnia and Herzegovina lies in the EU and NATO, and like all other candidates Bosnia and Herzegovina will have to undertake substantial reform.    With the recent establishment of new state and entity-level governments that have reaffirmed their commitment to reform, we are hopeful the countries' leaders can deliver results.    Serbia. Serbia continues to improve relations with its neighbors and to build a stronger partnership with the European Union and the United states.    In January, Serbia assumed the chairmanship of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, the OSCE, and Serbia's leadership thus far has shown a strong commitment to supporting the organization's founding principles. We continue to support Serbia's aspirations to join the European Union and to commend Serbia's progress toward this goal.    Serbia has also recently taken steps to maintain constructive relations with neighbors, including Belgrade's hosting of Albanian Prime Minister Rama in November 2014, the first visit at that level between the two countries in 68 years. Most encouraging, Serbia's commitment to the EU-led Brussels dialogue with Kosovo has resulted in more normalized relationships, increased regional security, and mutual understanding.    Kosovo. Seven years after its declaration of independence, Kosovo has taken great strides to develop as a full sovereign, independent state. We continue to support Kosovo in its efforts to build a modern, multiethnic state with inclusive, democratic institutions. With the strong support of EU High Representative Mogherini, considerable progress on the Kosovo-Serbia dialogue has been made since both sides reconvened in February 2015, including with agreements to unify Kosovo's judicial system and to integrate the Kosovo-Serb Civilian Protection Corps into Kosovo institutions.    We also support the establishment of a Special Court to deal with the allegations contained in the 2011 Council of Europe report and urge Kosovo's leaders to take steps to approve the necessary legal framework.    Albania. Albania has seen significant democratic progress since the ending of oppressive communist rule 20 years ago. Last June, the European Council granted Albania EU country candidate status. In granting the status, the Council highlighted Albania's efforts at countering corruption and organized crime, and implementing judicial reform.    With over 1 year in office, the new government continues to hold Albania's strong partnership with the United States as a key strategic priority. We recently signed a U.S.-Albania strategic partnership, outlining key areas of cooperation, including security, rule of law, economic development and energy security. Nevertheless, much work lies ahead.    Despite receiving EU candidate status, Albania will face significant challenges implementing the reforms necessary for beginning EU accession talks.    Montenegro. Montenegro which began EU accession talks in June 2013 has come a long way. However, the European Union noted in October, a lack of credible investigations, prosecutions, and final convictions in corruption cases and serious concerns regarding freedom of expression and the media.    NATO has also urged Montenegro to strengthen the rule of law to improve its case for receiving an invitation to join NATO by the end of 2015. We agree with our NATO allies that no one outside the 28 member states, including Russia can interfere with or veto NATO's decisions on membership. We are also concerned about the relatively low level of Montenegrin public support for NATO membership, currently about 38 percent. Our hope is that Montenegro will accelerate the pace of its efforts and put its best case forward this year.    Macedonia. We support Macedonia's aspirations to join NATO and the European Union. Recently, however, we and our European partners have been following with concern the domestic political crisis in Macedonia related to the release of wiretap information by the head of the main opposition party. We are urging the government to address the leaked information in a way that demonstrates its commitment to Euro-Atlantic principles. We are encouraging the opposition which is currently boycotting Parliament to return to that body and help resolve the crisis. We are also concerned about a growing divide between the ethic-Macedonian majority and ethnic-Albanian minority communities.    Macedonia's integration into the EU and NATO remains important for achieving lasting peace and stability in the region. With a new government in Athens, we continue to urge both sides to arrive at a mutually acceptable solution to the so-called name issue which has blocked the country's Euro-Atlantic prospects.    Croatia. In July 2013, Croatia became the newest EU member and is now sharing lessons it learned with its neighbors who aspire to join the EU and NATO. Yet, challenges still lie ahead. The economy has contracted for the last 6 years, causing high unemployment and deterring further foreign investment. We encourage Croatia to take steps to improve the business climate, attract more investment and foster private sector led growth. Although much more work needs to be done, we welcome the recent tender for a business plan to develop the liquid natural gas, or LNG, terminal on Krk Island. The realization of this terminal will not only help Croatia reduce dependency on Russia or any other single source of gas, but also provide energy diversification for other central European countries who are much more dependent on Russian energy supplies.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Meeks, members of the subcommittee. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Yee. Thank you, Representative Meeks, for that question and for your comments. I believe the European Union remains committed to enlarging the Union and to fulfill its commitment to the Western Balkans to continue to integrate all the countries of the Western Balkans as part of the European project.    I would agree with you, Representative Meeks, that the process has slowed. I think this is clearly a dynamic process in which on both sides there are requirements. On the European Union side the Union, the members of the Union want to be sure that by adding new members they will be, in fact, strengthening the Union, not weakening it, and that the members, the countries which are aspiring to membership are truly ready to meet all of the obligations including economic, as well as political to join before, in fact, they are taken into the Union.    On the candidate side, the aspiring country side, I think there is also the need to know that by joining the Union, they will be, in fact, helping their people, their citizens. They will not be joining an economic union in which they cannot compete, in which they cannot afford to contribute. So I think on both sides, there are reasons for the decision to be taken extremely seriously. We, the United States, support very strongly the continued integration of the Western Balkans into the European Union and into NATO for that matter.    Obviously, it is up to the European Union to decide the pace and the process and the rules for how it is going to take place. What we can do in order to assist the process and to the extent possible to facilitate it is to help the candidate countries meet the standards necessary in order to qualify for EU membership. There is a long list of reforms that each country needs to make, both economic, social, and political that in each of the cases of the aspiring countries we are doing our best from our Embassies, from our capitals, to help the country meet the reform requirement.    In many cases, it is an issue of rule of law. The European Union understandably wants to ensure that corruption and organized crime which is, of course, a factor in all of the countries of Europe is something that the new members, the aspiring members are going to be able to effectively address so they don't bring additional problems into the Union when they join.    Mr. Yee. Thank you for that question. I think the European Union, along with the United States and the members, the countries that are aspiring to EU membership, are all very much focused on the need to align energy strategies, national strategies in a way that makes each country as diversified as possible, as energy independent as possible and as efficient as possible in its use of available energy sources.    One of our big emphases now is to help countries in the Western Balkans which are dependent on natural gas from a single source, in this case Russia, also Central Europe the same case, to be less dependent and to diversify the supplies and routes of gas to their countries. This is a particular emphasis now because in recent years, in 2009 and 2006 there have been cases in which natural gas has been cut off in the winter and countries have realized the need to diversify. So this has been identified as a priority by the European Union.    We are working very closely with our European Union partners and the aspiring countries to try to develop pipeline systems that will ensure there is a flow of gas to the countries that are reliant on gas imports, so they are not reliant on one source. They can have more than one pipeline supply.    Also, we are encouraging diversification of energy types, so it is not only gas. It is renewables. It is also domestic, indigenous exploration and exploitation of energy sources. So it is not entirely just one country or one source.    We are also supporting the European Union's efforts to develop a common energy market in which the countries cooperate in how they align their energy strategies so that it is more efficient and they are able to deal with energy exporters, such as Russia, in a way that they are not divided or worked one off the other in a way that is not advantageous to the aspiring countries.    Mr. Yee. Overall, in the Balkans, the growth rate has been about 10 percent since 1990.    Mr. Yee. It has been very slow.    Mr. Yee. Well, thank you for the question, Mr. Chairman. The answer is that for each of the countries it is slightly a different case on what they need to do. One of the main things that each country needs to be able to do is to make the economy competitive with other members of the European Union. So it is spending levels with respect to GDP. It is ability to meet expenses, state expenses, maintain a budget in other words. It is ability to collect taxes, pay pensions, basic things that any economy in the world would need to do, it needs to be done in a certain level.    Mr. Yee. It has to meet the EU standards, Mr. Chairman. So across the board in economic criteria of what is needed in order to have a healthy economy within the European Union, the EU has certain standards.    Mr. Yee. Well, the economy, of course, Mr. Chairman, is one big factor. There is also the judiciary. There is the public administration. There is the rule of law overall that needs to be met, the ability to fight corruption and organized crime, the ability of a government to meet its defense and security needs, basically to fit in with the rest of the other 28 members. And as we have seen in the case with Croatia, it was able to meet the standards with difficulty, of course, with numerous reforms, changes including to its constitution. Croatia was able to meet those demands.    Montenegro is also making progress. They have opened, I believe, about 18 negotiating chapters with the European Union, so they are moving ahead. It is a slow and difficult process, but countries have shown that with the right political will, with the right economic conditions, discipline, they are able to make progress on that track.    Mr. Yee. That is correct, Mr. Chairman. The ability to fight corruption, organized crime, other serious criminal issues is an important factor being weighed by the European Union as it considers members.    Could I also add, Mr. Chairman, that I would agree with you completely that the progress in Western Balkans has not been as fast and as far as we would like and I think the countries of the region themselves would agree that the European Union would agree. However, as you mentioned yourself, Mr. Chairman, in your opening remarks, there has been progress. Croatia has joined the European Union and the NATO alliance.    Mr. Yee. Serbia, Mr. Chairman, is actually, I think, a bright spot on the Western Balkan map. In terms of its accession to the European Union, they have reached an agreement brokered by the European Union with Kosovo on normalization of relations. This has allowed them to become a candidate--to open accession negotiations with the European Union, so they are moving ahead.    Mr. Yee. Fighting corruption is one of the challenges that they as well as the other Western Balkans countries face. It certainly is an issue of concern. It is one of the areas in which----    Mr. Yee. Mr. Chairman, I wouldn't want to assign a rating, but there are international organizations, Transparency International, World Economic Reform.    Mr. Yee. Politically-motivated prosecutions?    Mr. Yee. None come to mind, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Yee. Thank you for that question, Mr. Sires. Russia, like many other countries in Europe, is interested in increasing its influence and its business interests in the Western Balkans. We have seen an increase in Russian interest in the Western Balkans through finance, banking, through energy, where it has been present for some time. I think I want to start by saying that Russia has played a positive role in the Western Balkans in such instances, in such countries as Bosnia and Herzegovina, where Russia is a member of the Peace Implementation Council for Bosnia and Herzegovina. We have worked successfully with Russia at advancing shared interests in the Balkans which are including stability and security of the region.    We, of course, are watchful of what Russia is up to the Balkans, particularly in light of what has happened Ukraine. We listen very carefully, follow very closely what Russian diplomats are saying. We noticed of late in last September, last fall, Mr. Lavrov made a statement saying that Russia considers NATO enlargement or NATO accession of Western Balkans to be a provocative act. We, of course, disagree with that. We don't believe NATO is directed at any country. It is a defensive alliance. It is a positive factor of stability in the Western Balkans. So I point that out as an area which we disagree, but we are still able to work with Russia. I think it is important that we remain vigilant as to what they are actually doing, both in terms of their business and their political actions in the Western Balkans.    Mr. Yee. I think, Mr. Representative, it is fair to say that many countries in Europe, including the Western Balkans, have watched what Russia has done in Ukraine with great consternation and concern about, first of all, the stability, security of Europe, the strength and integrity of the European order of principles on which----    Mr. Yee. Mr. Representative, it is both. Russia in some occasions, in some instances is a partner with which we work not only in the Western Balkans. As you know, Mr. Representative, we work with Russia in fighting, countering violent extremism, counterterrorism, on the Iran nuclear negotiations.    In Ukraine, we clearly have a different position. We have been urging our European partners and working with our Europeans to insist that Russia abide by its agreements that it signed.    Mr. Yee. On what basis?    Mr. Yee. Yes, Representative Sires, thanks very much. That is actually another area where we feel there has been some progress made in the Western Balkans. That is the agreement between Kosovo and Serbia to normalize the relations in accordance with an agreement brokered by the European Union in April 2013.    The progress in implementing that agreement has been slow, but it has been steady. We have seen even in February where the two sides, both countries met to work out an agreement on the integration of the judicial system throughout Kosovo for all Kosovo citizens, there are now agreements being worked out on other basic issues affecting citizens lives, telecoms, energy. Eventually, there will be----    Mr. Yee. Yes, absolutely, Mr. Sires. Both sides have been negotiating in good faith. Both sides see their futures linked to this process of normalization in order to gain what they both want which is to be integrated with the European Union.    Mr. Yee. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the question. I believe you are referring to the Republic of Srpska's announcement or one party within the Republic of Srpska announced over the weekend in its party congress that if its goals for a greater autonomy were not met by, I believe, 2018, it would want to move toward independence.    Mr. Yee. So I think as a general principle, Mr. Chairman, our view is that we need, the United States, needs to continue to support wholeheartedly the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Bosnia and Herzegovina, that there is, in fact, a reform process underway that is led by the European Union and the United States, that is designed to address the desire of the people, not only the Republic of Srpska, but of the federation of the whole country in getting adequate----