    Mr. Moulton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you very much for your long years of service. I regret that you still have so many opportunities for your service continuing now.    I feel somewhat the same way. I had a much shorter period of service in the Marines, but when I was a part of the surge in Iraq, I very much felt like I was a part of finishing the job. We had messed it up for years, we got it right, and then I went home. And now I am back here watching us have to return to Iraq just 5 years after we left.    And so, while we can debate--and there is much to discuss--about the military strategy to defeat ISIS in the short term, the focus of my questions today is about how we ensure we don't find ourselves continually going back and having to apply military power against ISIS or the next ISIS successor in the long term.    And we have heard many people testify before this committee about the importance of a long-term political strategy. General Petraeus joined us last week and emphasized that. General Dunford, as Representative McSally pointed out, talked about the importance of State Department coordination and how it hasn't been happening for a long time.    So, to begin, I just wanted to see if we are on the same page with a few high-level points.    Is there any one of you who disagrees with, from the Iraq perspective, the need to empower the central Iraqi Government, that that is the best strategy we have on the table right now for a long-term political solution in Iraq?    Ambassador Ford. I think the Iraq Central Government Prime Minister Abadi is someone who believes in national reconciliation, and I think he has a political vision. But I worry when you say ``empower,'' Congressman, because I think so much of the sustainable solution--you were in Anbar--so much of the sustainable solution will not come just from Baghdad but will come from local Sunni communities who feel that they have a stake----    Mr. Moulton. Fair enough.    Mr. Moulton. So, unquestionably, more federalism. But we are not talking about dividing up the state at this point.    Ambassador Ford. No, I hope not.    Mr. Moulton. Okay.    Do we all agree that Assad needs to go in Syria?    Ambassador Ford. Yes.    Mr. Moulton. Is there any disagreement with that?    Okay.    And I was struck, Ambassador Ford, by your point about the Kurds. I think it is very tempting from Americans to say, let's just get on board with the Kurds because they are great allies, they are strong fighters, and they share many of our values. But that is not enough. We have to empower the Sunnis, as well.    Is there any disagreement with that?    Okay.    And then taking this all together, what type of time commitment are we talking about? So the American people understand what this will take, diplomatically and politically, after we leave and perhaps with a residual military presence so we don't find ourselves in the situation where, after we militarily defeat ISIS, we have to send young troops back to fight them or their successor again in the next 5 or 10 years. Are we talking about a Germany and Japan type of commitment? What will this take?    Mr. Morell, perhaps we could start with you.    Mr. Moulton. General Dunford made that point as well, that if we had stayed more integrated in Iraqi politics as well, we wouldn't have this great vacuum that has allowed ISIS to take over.    Mr. Moulton. Dr. Vickers, if I could just go to you, and I just have a minute left. Based on your experience with past conflicts, what kind of additional political support can we be providing in Iraq and Syria?    When we say there needs to be more political/diplomatic support, there needs to be that kind of strategy, what kinds of resources has the U.S. used in past conflicts that we are not using today to ensure longer-term success?    Mr. Moulton. Thank you.    I am out of time, but, gentlemen, if you would be willing to follow up----    Mr. Moulton . With details of what that more robust political strategy might look like, I think it would be helpful for us if you could do that in written testimony.    Mr. Moulton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Ms. Stefanik.