    Mr. Perry. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    Ambassador, great to see you. Please don't take any of the comments personally, but as an American, quite honestly I am disappointed and disgusted with the ineffectual and pathetic response from this administration regarding this circumstance in Ukraine.    And I am just wondering, to start out, does the administration agree--because we have heard in other forums about grievances, legitimate grievances. So does the administration agree with the justification from Putin regarding the protection of ethnic Russians in any way, shape or form?    Ambassador Nuland. There is nothing that justifies the kind of violence that we have seen Russia unleash in eastern Ukraine or in Crimea.    Mr. Perry. I agree with you.    Ambassador Nuland. However----    Mr. Perry. But do they have legitimate grievances? Does Russia have legitimate grievances in this regard?    Ambassador Nuland. Russian speaking citizens in eastern Ukraine, like citizens in other parts of Ukraine, have long wanted some of the things that Russia championed for them--language, rights, decentralization. But all of those things were on offer first from the transitional government of Yatsenyuk from March onward, and since then with President Poroshenko and the new Rada. So there is no reason for 6,000 dead.    Mr. Perry. Okay, so I just want to make sure, because history sometimes get lost on us as we go through our days. But I just want to make sure that the administration is familiar and aware of the history of Stalin and Khrushchev in the '20s and the '30s and the terror, the Terror-Famine and the starvation of the Ukrainian people and the displacement and deportations and the reestablishment of Russians into the Ukraine.    And so when Putin says that he is going to protect these Russian speaking citizens, with all due respect they were moved into Ukraine by killing the Ukrainians. And it is important to know that history when we talk about legitimate grievances. So I am concerned. I too agree that we should send defensive weapons to Ukraine. I am in the agreement camp on that.    So does the current posture of or the strategic patience that I hear about, does the White House's--well, how does that fit in? How does the decision not to send defensive weapons at this point, how does that fit into strategic patience or is it a part of it?    Ambassador Nuland. Nobody has been patient with what we are seeing in eastern Ukraine. Just to remind we have sent----    Mr. Perry. The Ukrainians have been patient because they have no choice.    Ambassador Nuland. We have sent as you know $118 million in----    Mr. Perry. Defensive weapons, so forget all that other stuff. Defensive weapons. I imagine you have been to a war zone. I have.    Ambassador Nuland. Yes.    Mr. Perry. Okay, blankets and all that stuff, they don't stop bullets. They don't stop tanks. You must defend yourself. Harsh words and we will get back to you and we are deciding, that doesn't help. So I am talking about defensive weapons and strategic patience. Where does one hinge on the other? How do they fall together?    Ambassador Nuland. Some of the things we have sent do fall into the category of defensive non-lethal weapons. I would note again that the counterfire radar batteries that we have sent did save lives. They enabled the Ukrainian forces to target where firing was coming from so that they could defend against it. We have also provided support in the intelligence----    Mr. Perry. Okay, listen. I get it. With all due respect that is the absolute minimum standard. It is not going to be effectual, which is why my opening statement about pathetic and ineffectual is valid in my opinion.    Let me ask you this. Can you explain the concerns within the context, the concerns about providing defensive weapons within the context that the President requested hundreds of millions of dollars from this Congress for training and equipping for moderate fighters in Syria?    So in that context where we are going to send those folks weapons, weapons, not defensive weapons, but weapons and training that somehow Ukraine and the people that have been there that are more like us than the other, they can't have those weapons. How do we reconcile that? What is the calculation there?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, as you know the training and equipment request for Syria goes to the need to defeat the ISIL threat, which is a central threat as well to the homeland. I don't work on Syria policy so I am going to refrain from commenting.    Mr. Perry. Do you find that to be a little incongruent? We don't know who the Syrian fighters are. We don't know--look, today they are fighting ISIS, tomorrow they are fighting Assad, the next day they are fighting us and we are going to train them and send them weapons? Don't you find that a little incongruent? Have Ukrainian people ever said that they were going to fight the United States, kill us and the Great Satan? Have they ever said anything like that?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, certainly we will register your strong position on this issue, Congressman. I would say that $118 million in security support is not nothing. I hear you that you want to hear more.    Mr. Perry. At the end of my time here. We hear that sending defensive weapons will escalate the problem. Not sending them that won't escalate the problem; there won't be a problem because there will be no more Ukraine.    Thank you very much, I yield back.