    Mr. Weber. I thank the gentleman.    I want to do something before we get into the election discussion today regarding the earlier comment from one of the members on the other side of the aisle that she was appalled that there was no Republican outrage over the Russians' apparent hacking of the DCCC. I would note that there's probably about the same amount of outrage from the Democrats over Hillary Clinton's dumping of a bunch of emails and destroying evidence in a federal investigation.    Having said that, in full disclosure I was an election clerk and election judge and a precinct chair for about 16 years in Texas in Brazoria County when we had good old-fashioned paper ballots. I was one of the few who raised my hand when they said, look, we want to pass a resolution encouraging electronic voting. I said I don't. I like the paper system. I don't trust the Internet. That was back in the '90s. It seems as if we've come full circle now that you all are saying that there are some States who are literally considering going back to paper ballots.    So here's a question for, I guess, all of you one at a time. We'll start with you, Dr. Romine. Well, first of all, let's do it this way. How many States have paper?    Mr. Weber. Okay. What States in your opinion has the best system, Dr. Romine?    Mr. Weber. So you really haven't formulated an opinion in that regard?    Mr. Weber. Okay. Fair enough.    Now, if you say Louisiana, Secretary Schedler, I'm just saying.    Mr. Weber. Touche.    Mr. Weber. And they usually don't know what they're talking about anyway.    Mr. Weber. Okay. Mr. Becker?    Mr. Weber. So you don't have an opinion about that?    Mr. Weber. Okay.    Mr. Weber. Dr. Wallach?    Mr. Weber. Okay.    Mr. Weber. Are you from Travis County?    Mr. Weber. Okay. So let me just also say here, having been the recipient of--when a lot of those ballot boxes were carried--Brazoria County is a big area. Apparently, where I grew up is like 40 miles north of the county seat. And as an election judge, in the general election I was, of course, in the primary in the general election, too--we would always take our Democratic counterpart in the general election, take the ballot boxes down, turn them into the county. I've been on the receiving end of when it took, you know, 45 minutes to an hour just for the drive time and people were wanting those results.    One quick question because I'm the last one, is that right, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Weber. Okay. What is the most critical time of a cyber attack?    Mr. Weber. But I'm talking about if they were going to affect a November election coming up, is that something done the night of, the week before? You're saying years--are you saying they get into the system----    Mr. Weber. Okay. All right, Mr. Chairman. I yield back. Thank you.