    Mr. Vela. I agree, Chairman Miller, that this issue is one that has bipartisan support, because we all know how important it is to protect our country against terrorism. I want to thank you for holding today's hearing regarding the security of Visa Waiver Program.    As Chairman Miller and I both represent border districts with maritime interests, albeit on different borders, I believe we have many areas of mutual interest and concern to address in our work as this subcommittee moves forward.    Today, we are focusing on a border security issue of a different kind than what we are used to discussing; the security of a program that facilitates the travel of millions of visitors to this country each year, the Visa Waiver Program. In fact, with 38 countries currently participating in the program, about 40 percent of all overseas visitors enter the United States without a visa pursuant to the Visa Waiver Program.    Unfortunately, there is a growing concern that the Visa Waiver Program could be exploited by terrorists, and particularly those holding Western passports, who could attempt to travel to this country under this program.    With direction and support from Congress, in recent years the Department of Homeland Security has worked to strength the security of the Visa Waiver Program through the Electronic System for Travel Authorization and its other predeparture passenger screening programs. These programs complement and are supported by information-sharing agreements with Visa Waiver Program partnerships--partners that provide Department of Homeland Security with data to vet travelers more effectively.    With thousands of foreign fighters traveling to and from Syria, some of whom hold Western passports, concerns about the security of the Visa Waiver Program are not entirely unfounded. I hope our witnesses can share with us their perspectives on whether the Visa Waiver Program is secure or if Congress and the Department of Homeland Security need to do more to shore up this very important program.    As a Member representing a border district, I am keenly aware of the importance of international travel and trade to our Nation and its economy. I believe I join many of my colleagues in the hope that we can find a way to ensure the security of the Visa Waiver Program, while continuing to welcome visitors under the program to the United States.    Again, I thank the witnesses for joining us. I look forward to our discussion today and to a productive Congress for this subcommittee.    Mr. Vela. Thank you, Chairman Miller.    Dr. Frey, I suppose that the reason the travel industry likes the Visa Waiver Program is because it just makes it more efficient for travelers coming over. Can you explain to me exactly what is it that a person traveling from a non-Visa Waiver Program has to go through that makes it more difficult?    Mr. Vela. Mr. Dow, I looked at the list of participating countries, and I didn't see Mexico on it. Is Mexico a participating country or not?    Mr. Vela. Okay. So they don't participate in the program?    Mr. Vela. Okay. Mr. Jenkins, you mentioned that in the future what we are expecting is about 10,000 European fighters going into the Middle East. What is your best estimate as to what we should do to--how do we track them, how do we make sure that when they leave the Middle East and go back to Europe that they are monitored and that for sure we do everything we can to prevent them from coming here?    Mr. Vela. One last quick question. Of the current 3,000 or the expected 10,000 European fighters, can we tell what percentage of those are from Visa Waiver Program participating countries and which are not?    Mr. Vela. Thank you.