    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, I am glad to have you with us. You can just pretend you are on the river walk and we are having a margarita and it is all peaceful. We are glad to have you and thanks for your service to your country. I have heard a lot of talk today about hardworking and responsible people that FHA tries to serve, and as a former banker, I certainly had many customers who availed themselves of the FHA program and the reverse mortgage program. So I certainly know and appreciate the products of your mission.    But I want to talk to you a little bit about something we haven't really touched on too much today, although my colleagues from Colorado and Arizona did briefly, and that is narrowing the scope of truly, the folks you are trying to help. This issue of trying to help first-time, low- to moderate-income home buyers at FHA, clearly FHA has had mission creep over the years, some statutorily directed to do that, others not. And I am curious, in an effort to help truly low- and moderate-income people, would the Department consider dropping its maximum loan size that it would approve under the FHA?    Mr. Hill. But you have really almost 80 percent of your loans are certainly under $300,000, and you have an average loan size in Fiscal Year 2014 of $168,000 if you include refis. I think you said a few minutes ago 180, so we don't need to quibble over that small difference. And I am just wondering, why would the Department accept direction from Congress to lower the maximum loan limit size for FHA if you were so directed? In other words, you wouldn't lobby or testify against it, is my question?    Mr. Hill. Thank you for that. We talked about loan limits. The George Washington School of Business noted in May 2012 that more than 30 percent of FHA loans went to families making 115 percent or greater of the average median income. So again, consistent with this mission, do you all have a target for median incomes that you are trying to hit since that is relatively affluent by national standards? Talk to me a little bit about that.    Mr. Hill. But HUD sets a low- to moderate-income target. They define it. What is the definition of low- to moderate-income under HUD's current rulemakings?    Mr. Hill. I appreciate that. It just seems to me that we want to be focused on our low- to moderate-income focus at HUD for all of your programs and anything we can do to target that is the mission. And that when you don't, you crowd out the private sector as many people have suggested here. So thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.