    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to our panel, and I will just start off by saying I have a few questions here, and I apologize for not being here for the full committee. It is getting back to town, and being the third day back, we are all pretty busy, and I had some other issues I had to take care of. But I want to start, Mr. Gomez, asking you about the Deficit Reduction Act, so I guess my point is if I ask you a question that has already been presented, please indulge me because I apologize for the redundancy.    But in the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, implemented new policies that intended to try to close the loopholes related to the use of annuities as a Medicaid planning device. However, based on the testimony that has taken place today and just what I have listened to, it obviously has not achieved that goal.    Can you please explain what the DRA did and why that has not sufficiently closed the loopholes?    Mrs. Ellmers. OK, so along the line of, in the discussion again on annuities, the 2014 GAO report of elder law attorneys told the GAO undercover investigators that annuities could be created quickly and thus are a tool for last minute Medicaid planning. Is this something that you have seen in Oklahoma, and typically how many months elapse between the creation of an annuity and the submission of the Medicaid application?    Mrs. Ellmers. Ms. Riley, do you have a comment on that at all?    Mrs. Ellmers. That would be great because that gives us a little bit better perspective when we are talking about timelines.    Mr. Hagg, your office, OIG, has a long history of raising serious concerns to waste, fraud, and abuse involving personal care services and having the discussion I was listening very closely to my colleague from Indiana in a very interesting conversation.    You have already made numerous recommendations to CMS.    What actions has CMS taken in response to your recommendations and how can the legislation that we are discussing here today really help to fulfill some of the goals that haven't been met?    Mrs. Ellmers. Great. Well, thank you very much. And like I said, this is a really important hearing for us, and we really do appreciate your input on this. Hopefully we will be able to craft that legislation in the manner that will make some real hurdles and improvement so thank you.    Mr. Chairman, thank you, again, and I yield back the remainder of my time.