    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I thank you for holding these very important hearings on the Freedom of Information Act, which is the cornerstone of our Nation's open-government laws.    Thank you also to our agency witnesses for being with us today.    You do have a critical responsibility, which is to make Federal records available to the American public as effectively and efficiently as possible. You are also charged with implementing the directive President Obama issued on his first day in office, to implement a new presumption of openness that reverses the policy of withholding information embraced by the Bush administration.    Your job is also extremely difficult and is getting harder. You and, by implication, the President are being blamed for the increase in FOIA backlogs.    As we heard at our hearing yesterday, FOIA backlogs have increased in part as a result of cuts to agency budgets and the dwindling number of FOIA personnel forced to process record numbers of incoming requests. But we did not just only hear that. Mr. McCraw of The New York Times talked about a culture of unresponsiveness. And I hope that we will get to that and talk about that, because I agree with the chairman. In order for us to get to the bottom of this, we have to have an honest assessment of what is going on.    There were a number of witnesses that came before us yesterday that talked about a fear of people who are dealing with the FOIA requests, honoring them the way they should be, because they are afraid to get in trouble. If that is the case, we need to hear about that.    Now, going back to personnel, the number of FOIA requests skyrocketed from 2009 to 2014. In 2009, when President Obama took office, there were about 558,000 requests submitted to the Federal agencies. By 2014, that number rose to more than 714,000, a surge of 28 percent. That is quite a surge.    On the other hand, the total number of full-time agency FOIA personnel dropped to its lowest point since President Obama took office. In 2009, the number of full-time FOIA staff at Federal agencies was 4,000. In 2014, that number dropped to 3,838, a decrease of about 4 percent.    It seems obvious that Congress cannot continue to starve Federal agencies for resources through budget cuts, staffing reductions, sequestration, and government shutdowns and then blame those agencies for not being able to do their jobs effectively.    But, again, I want to go back. I want us to not only deal with the personnel issues, but this whole culture that Mr. McCraw talked about of unresponsiveness, I want to deal with that, too, because I want the total picture so that we can be effective and efficient in trying to remedy this situation.    If we want FOIA to work, we need to restore adequate funding, staffing, and training so agencies can handle the increasing workloads they will continue to face. That is another issue. Is there an issue of training? It is one thing to have personnel; it is another thing to have personnel that are properly trained.    But this is not what House Republicans are doing. Today, right now, down the hall in the Appropriations Committee, Republicans are voting to withhold nearly $700 million--hello--$700 million from the State Department's operational budget until it improves its document production processes. The operational budget includes the salaries for all--for all--of the State Department's FOIA employees.    Let me say that again. Today, with a record number of FOIA requests and with record low FOIA staffing, the answer from the Republicans is that we are going to withhold two-thirds of a billion dollars, more than all State Department FOIA staff salaries combined. How in the world is this supposed to help? It simply does not make sense.    We know that there are problems with FOIA. We know there are delays. We know that we must do better. But it is hard to imagine a more counterproductive attack on the FOIA process.    I also take issue with the claims that President Obama has not been one of the most aggressive and forward-thinking Presidents in the history in pressing for more open government. I have often said that he would never get credit for anything. If things go wrong, they blame him; if things go right, he gets no credit. Those who try to argue that President Bush took the same kind of unprecedented transparency actions as President Obama must have amnesia. There simply is no comparison--none.    Beyond ordering the presumption of openness for FOIA, the Obama administration issued a national action plan to establish a consolidated FOIA portal and enhance training for FOIA professionals. President Obama did that. It established a FOIA advisory committee to improve implementation and increase proactive disclosures of government information. President Obama did that. The administration implemented a new policy of disclosing White House visitor records. President Obama did that. It established ethics.data.gov, which posts lobbying disclosure reports, travel reports, and Federal Elections Commission filings all in one place, and it has made enormous amounts of government information available through data.gov. That is right, President Obama did that.    Finally, I suspect that some of my colleagues will continue their focus on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her emails, so let's review the facts.    On December 5, 2014, Secretary Clinton provided more than 30,000--30,000--emails, totaling about 55,000 pages, to the State Department. The Department has those emails and is currently reviewing them to make them available to the public under FOIA.    This is a sharp contrast to former Secretary of State Colin Powell, who admitted that he used a personal email account for official business all the time. Unlike Secretary Clinton, Secretary Powell did not--did not--preserve any of his official emails from his personal account, and he did not turn them over to the State Department.    I am not naive; I understand the Republican focus is on Hillary Clinton as she runs for President. But if we really want to review compliance with FOIA, if we really want to review it and straighten it out and make it right and have the FOIA laws do what they are supposed to do and if we really want to be most effective and efficient, we should not do so selectively by ignoring facts based on political expediency. As I have often said, we are better than that.    To conclude, there is a major--a major--bipartisan step we can take to improve FOIA now. In February, I joined with Representative Issa--yeah, that is what I said--I joined with former Chairman Issa, our former chairman, on a bipartisan basis to introduce the FOIA Oversight and Implementation Act. We passed it out of our committee unanimously, out of this committee, unanimously, several months ago. And I hope we can move forward in a bipartisan way to pass this bill.    Now, the chairman said yesterday to me that we are going to see what we can do to work that out, and what we need from you are suggestions. I am sure maybe all of you are familiar with 653, and if there are things that you think we can do to improve that bill to make it so that it can be more effective and efficient and that you can do your jobs better, then we want to know it.    Ladies and gentlemen, we can go around and around and around and around and around in circles, and we will be talking about this same stuff 10 years from now, and the backlog will be even greater. And so I look forward to hearing what you all have to say. Again, give us the good, the bad, and the ugly so that we can now effectively address this issue.    And, Mr. Chairman, I really thank you for your indulgence. With that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Yeah. Thank you.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.    Ms. Neuman, you have said that there was room for improvement. Can you tell us what those improvements might be that you were talking about?    Mr. Cummings. I want to get to the bottom line and be effective and efficient. So tell me.    Mr. Cummings. I want to know what still needs to be done to improve. I don't have a lot of time.    Mr. Cummings. And what's it going to take to make that happen?    Mr. Cummings. How many components are there?    Mr. Cummings. So you need four more, is that right?    Mr. Cummings. You have four to go. When do you expect that to happen?    Mr. Cummings. Confer. I would appreciate it if you would confer----    Mr. Cummings. --and get back to me and let me know as when that's going to happen.    Mr. Cummings. I would also like for you to--because I don't have a lot of time, I'm going to ask that you--you all--give us your recommendations.    You know, as I listen here it seems like everything--you all make everything sound so rosy, and I want to try to get to the bottom line of what the problems are. We heard a lot of testimony yesterday. In all fairness to you, I think all of you all are probably doing a whole lot of good things. But at the same time, we have to balance that against what we have heard over the last day or so.    Will you do that for me, Ms. Neuman?    Mr. Cummings. And other witnesses?    Mr. Cummings. Ms. Barr, I want to ask you some key questions because I want to follow up on what Mr. Lynch was talking about. And I want to thank you for being here.    For the past several months there have been intense discussion about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her use of personal email for official business. However, new documents--new documents--which we received late last night raise significant questions about the email usage of former Secretaries of State Condoleezza Rice and Colin Powell. The State Department sent a letter to these former Secretaries of State last fall requesting information about their use of personal email for official business.    On December 5, 2014, Secretary Clinton and her attorneys responded by providing more than 30,000 emails totaling 55,000 pages. The State Department now has those emails and is currently reviewing them to make them available to the public under FOIA.    Is that correct, everything I just said?    Mr. Cummings. All right. Neither Secretary Rice nor Secretary Powell provided any emails to the Department in response to that request. Is that correct?    Mr. Cummings. Not one. We know that Secretary Powell used a personal email account for work because he wrote about this in his biography, and Mr. Lynch talked about that. But unlike Secretary Clinton, Secretary Powell did not preserve any of these emails. Is that correct, to your knowledge.    Mr. Cummings. So that means you didn't have access to them?    Mr. Cummings. Last night, the committee received new documents regarding former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. In 2007, the watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington submitted a FOIA request seeking State Department policies governing the use of Secretary Rice's email accounts. CREW also requested copies of emails from her official account as well as, ``email messages that have been sent by the Secretary of State from any private mail account and that pertain to official government business.''    We received the State Department's response to this inquiry last night. It states that although the Department officials are still looking, ``no responsive material was found.''    So, Ms. Barr, are you aware of any emails that have been identified from Secretary Rice's email account, any?    Mr. Cummings. That's right.    Mr. Cummings. All right. And we already know you don't have emails from Secretary Powell. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. So between the two of them, do you have emails?    Mr. Cummings. No, no, no, no, no, no. In response to your request. You sent the request. You all sent the request. Do you have any emails with regard to the request?    Mr. Cummings. So, Ms. Barr, as you stated today, can you tell us with certainty whether Secretary Rice even had an official State Department email account?    Mr. Cummings. Account.    Mr. Cummings. Account. Okay.    Mr. Cummings. Well, I appreciate that. Right now, though, I'm just talking about emails.    Mr. Cummings. You don't have any emails from Secretary Powell?    Mr. Cummings. Yes, ma'am. And you have none from Secretary Rice?    Mr. Cummings. It's amazing. Secretary Powell and Secretary Rice served during critical times in this Nation's history, during 9/11 attacks, the war in Afghanistan, and the war in Iraq, yet as far as we can tell State Department officials don't have their emails from this 8-year critical period.    Ms. Barr, Secretary Powell has been straightforward about his failure to preserve his emails, but Secretary Rice has never spoken publicly about hers. In response to the State Department's letter last fall, her representative responded by proclaiming: ``Secretary Rice did not use a personal email account for official business.''    Do you know if Secretary Rice's attorney conducted a thorough review of her personal email account like Secretary Clinton's did, do you know?    Mr. Cummings. Well, my time has run out. But these new revelations are startling, so I hope that we will look at that era just like we've been looking at the present era with regard to these emails. All right.    Mr. Cummings. Would the gentleman yield?    Mr. Cummings. Just real quick. I understand what you were saying about overall because I said it in my opening statement.    Mr. Cummings. And I just wanted to make sure we are clear. Although there are agencies that may have increased, overall government with regard to FOIA personnel has decreased.    Mr. Cummings. Will the gentleman yield just for a moment?    Mr. Cummings. Just one question. Ms. Barr, what emails are you processing for Secretary Powell and Secretary Rice? You said you are processing emails.    Mr. Cummings. Yeah. But what emails are you processing for Secretary Powell and--listen to me--Secretary Powell? Any?    Mr. Cummings. Are you processing any for Secretary Rice?    Mr. Cummings. All right. Thank you.    I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.    I think a lot of times I sit in these hearings and I try to figure out where we're going. You all have to help me help you. I said to you a little bit earlier, Ms. Neuman, I wanted you all to get back to me with information as to--all of you--as to things that we could do to make things better. It's kind of hard to do that when you think you're almost perfect, though. I'm serious.    Did you all watch the testimony, did any of you all watch the testimony yesterday? Any of you? Hello? Anybody?    All right, I'll go to Ms. Barr. Did you watch any of the testimony yesterday?    Mr. Cummings. No problem.    Did you.    Mr. Cummings. All right. Fine. And when you hear the testimony that you all gave today compared to what we heard yesterday, it seems like a world of difference. And let me tell you what I think is part of the problem.    I do think a personnel issue is part of the problem. I mean, logic tells you that when you've got less people and you've got more demand, you're going to have problems. I mean, period. I also think that there are a lot of things that you all are doing right. I mean, doing a great job at. And then I think there are some cases that are maybe a little bit more complicated, a little more controversial, and so the process is slowed down a little bit, and in some instances perhaps a lot.    I mean, just listening to everything that has been said between yesterday and today, that's where I come down on this. And some kind of way we got to get past where we are because I think we could do better. It's easy to say that we are scoring excellent in this dot, dot, dot, dot that ain't true, folks. It's not.    So some kind of way we've got to close this gap. And the only way we're going to do it is that we have to be frank with each other and we've got to begin to set some kind of, I want to say goals, but the things, whatever you're going to send us back are things that you should be doing that could be better, and set some deadlines with regard to making those things happen. Other than that, it's going to get worse. I'm telling you, it's going to get worse.    So I'm hoping that you all will do that. I have discovered from being on this Hill for 20 years now almost that you almost have to--we have to set deadlines to get things done. And I've also noticed that a lot of times people who come before us, they have a tendency sometimes to outwait us. In other words, they know that the Congress is going to change. They know that we're going to move on to something else. And then the next thing you know, things don't get done, and then they look towards the new Congress, and then it's worse, and then we just go through these circles over and over again. You have to have been here for a while to see this cycle, and I've seen it.    So going to you, Ms. Barr, I want to just ask a few questions, because I want to clear up this thing. I mean, we're making a big deal with regard to Secretary Clinton. My colleague, the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy, who I have a tremendous amount of respect for, suggested that we should not take Secretary Clinton's word for the fact that she has produced all her emails relating to official business. He also suggested that Secretary Clinton's lawyers do not have any duty to ensure compliance with the Federal records laws.    But, Ms. Barr, let's look at former Secretary Rice. Last fall the State Department asked her, along with other secretaries, for information about official emails on their personal accounts. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. And former Secretary Rice did not respond to the Department herself in response to your letter last fall. She had a representative do that. That's what it says in the State Department's report sent to the National Archives on this issue. Do you know who Secretary Rice's representative is?    Mr. Cummings. Do you know whether it's an attorney?    Mr. Cummings. Okay. According to the report the Department sent to the archives, former Secretary Rice's representatives claimed that she did not use her personal email account for official business. Do you know what his assertion was based on? Do you have any idea?    Mr. Cummings. Okay. And so you don't know whether she told him that or he reviewed the documents? You don't know?    Mr. Cummings. Did you know if he thoroughly reviewed her personal email account to find emails relating to official business or did he just take her word? You don't know. Is that your testimony?    Mr. Cummings. So let me just state for the record that when dozens of White House officials under the Bush administration were using private email accounts at the RNC, we worked with their attorneys to ensure that they were recovering official emails and producing them. We did not suggest subpoenaing their servers. We relied on them to go through their documents, identify documents responsive to our requests, and produce them to us. Attorneys do have a legal obligation to provide us with truthful information, and this is the same process we use for virtually every investigation we conduct.    Ms. Howard, I take it that you're getting ready to retire. Is that what you've been trying tell us? You're not on your way out the door today, are you?    Mr. Cummings. How soon will you be gone?    Mr. Cummings. Take your time.    Mr. Cummings. Well, we appreciate all of you and the employees that work with you.    What can we do to improve the system?    And then I will be finished, Mr. Chairman. This is where I want to wrap up.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Fontenot?    Mr. Cummings. What about training?    Mr. Cummings. Would you say that maybe, based upon what you just said----    Mr. Cummings. --you have a situation of best practices there?    Mr. Cummings. Ms. Neuman?    Mr. Cummings. I'm hoping that you all will get back to me within 30 days. Would you all do that, please?    Mr. Cummings. All right, go ahead.    Mr. Cummings. And training.    Mr. Cummings. Ms. Barr?    Mr. Cummings. I want to thank you all of you very much, and we look forward to hearing from you and working with you.    I yield back.