    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for holding this hearing. This is an issue that I hope that we can find a way to address because if we don't, we are going to have 50 states with 50 different labeling programs, and that is just not going to work. If we don't do something to stop this, we could end up with something similar to what is going on right now in California with their egg standards.    Consumers have expressed their interest in knowing more about where their food comes from, and that is a good thing. But when it comes to labeling, we need to be able to find a smart way to balance this consumer demand, what we know about the safety of the foods that our farmers produce. Done correctly, I think we can find a workable solution.    The Energy and Commerce Committee has most of the jurisdiction here, so at this point our hands are a little bit tied. But I do think it is important for us to move forward and learn more about the impacts some of these state attempts at labeling genetically engineered food and food ingredients are going to have.    So I look forward to hearing from our witnesses and thank you for holding the hearing.    The Chairman. I thank the Ranking Member. I appreciate that. I recognize Subcommittee Chairman Rodney Davis for his statement.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Clarkson, critics of the voluntary labeling say that it will not address the consumer demand for labeling and will create additional consumer confusion. And I frankly can't understand that. The USDA's organic program has been out there and it seems to me it has met consumer expectations. If it hasn't, how can we have a $35 billion organic market in the United States? What am I missing here?    Mr. Peterson. Thank you. Mr. Policinski and Mr. Dempsey, if states like Vermont, are going off and doing their things like the mandatory labeling there, and we hope that that gets overturned in the courts, which some people are optimistic about, but if it doesn't, what is going to happen with companies such as yours that have labeling for the whole country? Are you going to create a separate label for Vermont where, if they end up with their law being upheld, are you going to run a separate run in your companies just for Vermont? Or are you going to basically say we are not going to sell in Vermont, which is what I would hope you would do.    Mr. Peterson. I thank both of you. Dr. Federoff, am I saying that right? If a voluntary non-GMO labeling program were to move forward, can we define what a GMO is so that the consumers would understand the label?    Mr. Peterson. Well, I don't know where the GMO came from. I guess it was Europe, and there was obviously a purpose behind it. So thank you, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Gibbs, for 5 minutes?