    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all for being here this morning.    It is critical that all Federal employees meet the highest ethical standards and avoid even the appearance of impropriety. It is therefore essential that agencies take swift and appropriate action upon learning that one of their employees has engaged in either misconduct or exercised poor judgment in their work.    In this instance, the Department of Education's inspector general conducted a thorough investigation into allegations of wrongdoing involving the Department's chief information officer, Mr. Danny Harris. In doing so, the IG dismissed some of those allegations as unsubstantiated and suggested that others ``may have violated Federal laws, regulations, and departmental directives.''    Now, while the IG's report of investigations indicated that the CIO, Mr. Harris, may have violated Federal laws, it appears that law enforcement authorities who examined the alleged misconduct did not find any criminal wrongdoing after their investigation. That being said, the IG reports a series of errors in judgment by the CIO that raised valid questions about his ethical conduct.    For example, though the IG did not find that the CIO influenced the Department's contracting process, the IG did find that the CIO had ``participated in awarding Department contracts to a company while having a personal relationship with the company's owner.'' We definitely need to ask you about that.    The IG also found that, for a period of time, the CIO used his subordinate staff to help him run a home theater installation and car detailing business. While the IG did not identify anything prohibiting the CIO from running these businesses during non-work hours, the CIO's decision to use both subordinate employees and failure to report the earned income from that work shows, at a bare minimum, poor judgment on his part.    While the Department cannot identify any specific policies or procedures that the CIO had violated, it took corrective action, including mandating that he undergo at least four in-person counseling sessions, as well as receive formal written ethical guidance going forward.    Since those counseling sessions, the CIO has reportedly taken the necessary steps to correct the deficiencies the IG found, and most importantly, since 2012, the CIO has not engaged in any of the ethically questionable behavior that the IG raised in the investigation.    The fact that the CIO is no longer engaged in questionable conduct is nothing to celebrate. As a senior official in the Department, the CIO holds a critical leadership role, and as such, is expected to set a positive tone and example for the employees he supervises. If the Department employees cannot trust their CIO is guided by the highest ethical standards at all times, what message does that send in the Department of Education? It must be made clear that even borderline ethical conduct will not be tolerated by your department.    I look forward to hearing directly from the Acting Secretary of the Department, Mr. King, John King, and the CIO himself, Mr. Danny Harris, who is here, on what steps they have taken to ensure that an appropriate tone is set for all employees at the department and what specific policies have been put in place, along with procedures to assure that these types of actions will not occur again.    Given the critical role of the CIO in the Department's IT security, valid questions may be raised today about his effectiveness in light of not only the IG's report but prior audits the IG conducted on the adequacy of the Department's IT security. Those audits were examined at length by this committee during a hearing it held this past November on the state of the Department's cybersecurity. I expect that we will hear today from the CIO not only on an update of any improvements and progress the Department has made in cybersecurity since the hearing, but also his vision, your vision, Mr. Harris, and plan for strengthening Department's overall information system.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning. Good morning, Mr. Harris.    As a CIO, you are the senior official at the Department and that your division is looking for for leadership and guidance. The IG reported in her investigation into the alleged misconduct that you used subordinate staff to run an outside business and failed to properly report this business on a mandatory financial disclosure form. Do you dispute that report at this time?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. But do you dispute that you failed to report the income?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. And although neither the Department or any law enforcement authorities, the law enforcement did not elect to prosecute, even the Acting Secretary stated in a 2015 memorandum to the IG that you ``displayed certain lapses in judgment.'' Knowing that and not disputing that you failed to report that income and you agree with some portions of the report, what specific steps have you taken to earn back the trust of not only the Department but in particular the employees that you supervise?    Ms. Plaskett. So what have you done to earn back the trust of the people that you supervise?    Ms. Plaskett. And do you believe that that alone is sufficient to allow you to effectively serve as the CIO of the Department of Education?    Ms. Plaskett. So you said that what you have done to earn back their trust is communicate with them about severing your ties with the contractor. Do you think that is sufficient to make you an effective CIO at the Department of Education?    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you. Acting Secretary King, both the IG's report of the investigation in 2013 and the addendum to that report in 2015 raise not just concerns about this specific issue here with your CIO but the general culture at the Department of Education. Are you at all concerned that the IG's concerns indicate a broader cultural problem in your department when it comes to employees meeting ethical standards?    Ms. Plaskett. So how are you instilling to your employees that this is not something that will be tolerated in the Department if all you have done is given him counseling sessions? Where is the stick as opposed to just, you know, the pat to him telling him don't do it again and it hasn't occurred again? How do people know that they cannot be involved in this kind of behavior? Is there anything procedurally that you have done with Mr. Harris or moving forward put in place that will demonstrate that to people?    Ms. Plaskett. Has anything been sent out to the employees or anything letting people know how this conduct was not being tolerated? I mean, personally, I don't think that counseling is humbling for an individual that then allows them--that is just a way to keep your job. But I am just trying to see if you believe that what has been done will keep your department on track in the areas that the CIO is responsible for, and that you believe--do you believe that Mr. Harris can effectively continue in the position that he has now?    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you.    Ms. Plaskett. That is very generous of you, Mr. Chairman. I won't forget that. Thank you.    I just wanted to go back and ask some more questions. And this is really about the past conduct, the allegations concerning the past conduct. Ms. Winchell, in your testimony on today's hearing you stated that in the time you reviewed the inspector general's 2013 report, your understanding was that the activities had already ceased and that the matter had been referred to the U.S. Attorney's Office for investigation. Is that correct of your understanding at the time ----    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. And, Dr. Harris, had you stopped the activities at issue before the IG issued the April 2013 report?    Ms. Plaskett. Last activity? What would that activity have been?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. And that would have been the detailing and the home technology--the theater ----    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. And I understand that you had--and then going back to a contract with E Source Technologies, it is our understanding that you have a personal relationship with the president of that company, a contractor for the Department. And the IG's report references a contract awarded in 2004. What was your position in 2004 with the Department of Education?    Ms. Plaskett. And were you involved in the procurement or the contracting as the deputy CFO in 2004?    Ms. Plaskett. What does ``sitting on the panel'' mean?    Ms. Plaskett. You are reviewing and then discussing with the others on the panel your recommendation or ----    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. So you were part of the group that made recommendations to the ultimate contracting, but you say you were not a personal friend ----    Ms. Plaskett. When did you consider yourself a personal friend?    Ms. Plaskett. And did you have any contact with the vendor between 2004 and 2008?    Ms. Plaskett. So you did that after 2008 when you say you traveled ----    Ms. Plaskett. You traveled together ----    Ms. Plaskett. And that friendship was started because you moved into the area or he moved into the same area?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. And then, Ms. Winchell, in your testimony you stated that ``It's not clear that a close personal friendship had formed at the time Dr. Harris was involved in activities relating to the owner's company.''    Ms. Plaskett. Can you elaborate on that? What did you mean by that?    Ms. Plaskett. So ----    Ms. Plaskett. So you don't think that there was a personal relationship before they went on a vacation?    Ms. Plaskett. Did you ask the questions?    Ms. Plaskett. Did you ask the questions?    Ms. Plaskett. So the series of questions that you ask employees when they call and ask ----    Ms. Plaskett. So you just took his word for when that personal friendship began?    Ms. Plaskett. Did you think in hindsight--does that make sense now? I mean, I have been an ethics ----    Ms. Plaskett. I was counsel on the House Ethics Committee ----    Ms. Plaskett. Not that I am just trying to cover myself, but that I don't want him to get into trouble.    Ms. Plaskett. And so if you were to ask those questions now, do you think there may have been some overlap in time period when there was a personal friendship and he had involvement with this so that the 2013 date may not be the hard date that we should be looking at?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. And why did you say his activity was prior to that time? Does he not still ----    Ms. Plaskett. The president of the company no longer participates in the contracts?    Ms. Plaskett. Ms. Bruce, do you--and you know that--Ms. Winchell, how do you know that?    Ms. Plaskett. Yes.    Ms. Plaskett. So you have no input on whether or not they are effectively carrying out the contract that involves information services?    Ms. Plaskett. You don't send reports or anything to say this relationship--this contractor is performing the duties that I need for my job correctly or incorrectly?    Ms. Plaskett. And when does ----    Ms. Plaskett. Where does the contracting officer get that information from?    Ms. Plaskett. And the project manager and the people working with the vendor would be your employees?    Ms. Plaskett. And would any of those employees be the people who worked for you on your hobby?    Ms. Plaskett. Were they people who report directly to you and give you information about whether the contract was being performed properly or not?    Ms. Plaskett. And you have no input or say into whether or not that is yea, nay, okay, sounds good ----    Ms. Plaskett. Wait a minute. So you are saying that when your employees give you reports, you don't have anything to say about it?    Ms. Plaskett. But you provide the input that then goes back to the contractual people who are determining whether or not this has been performed properly or not?    Ms. Plaskett. So you are in some measure involved in this, whether it be from you stating that the contractor has performed or not performed the work of the contracts properly? Yes ----    Ms. Plaskett. Wait, but that is yes or no. That is yes or no.    Ms. Plaskett. I didn't ask you about the acquisition. I am asking you if, as the CIO and the reports for the contract come to you, if you have any input in whether or not those are being performed properly or not.    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you. So in stating that, are there additional steps that you believe Ms. Winchell, Secretary King, that should be taken to ensure that possibly we need to look at this a little further because it appears that when the IG made the report, you took it at face value what the IG said and didn't do your own digging in this, Ms. Winchell.    Ms. Plaskett. But when you are counseling, these counseling sessions ----    Ms. Plaskett. Yes.    Mr. King.--what you are raising is exactly the issue of appearance of impropriety on which Dr. Harris was counseled by Deputy Secretary Miller, then Deputy Secretary Shelton, and by me to the reason, my understanding, that he ended the relationship entirely in 2013 so that there would not be an appearance of impropriety.    What is clear, though, on the sequencing of the contracting is that the only findings that the IG had was that the personal friendship began in 2008. These contract matters occurred in 2004. But again, in order to ensure that there is no appearance of impropriety, he was counseled on these matters and ended the relationship in 2013.    Ms. Plaskett. But, Secretary King, you have an enormously important job. Your job is to educate the American children, our future. And you don't have time to be dealing with stuff like this. But what I am finding in this hearing that is really disturbing is that it has taken all of these other Members of Congress questioning Dr. Harris and going through this with a fine-tooth comb to find out that a lot of the statements that he has made in an IG report really don't cover up the entire truth of what was going on. To say that he was not involved in the requisition of the contract is correct after 2004, but to say he had no say and involvement in the contract is not a true statement.    And I think--that is not incumbent on you, sir. That is incumbent on Ms. Winchell, Dr. Harris to be telling us the complete truth of it and not just concerned about making himself look like he had a hobby and was not so involved in the contracting with the personal relationship. That is what is disturbing to me because this is not your job to do. This is Ms. Winchell's, this is the IG, this is those counsel that you relied on to ask these more substantive questions, and obviously, unfortunately, almost cross examination of Dr. Harris to get to the truth of the matter.