    Secretary Mabus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Frelinghuysen, Ranking Member Visclosky, members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to be here with you today to discuss the Department of the Navy. As the chairman pointed out, this is the first testimony before the committee for the Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Richardson, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps, General Neller.    In the time since they took these positions, I have had the privilege of their frank, their professional, and their invaluable counsel. They are officers of the highest caliber, who expertly lead our Navy and Marine Corps during ever-tightening fiscal constraints and an increasingly dynamic threat environment.    This is my eighth time, which may be a record, and I am not sure anybody wants it, and my last to appear before you. Thank you for all of your courtesies to me and thank you for all that you have done for the Department of the Navy. For me, leading the Department of the Navy is the greatest honor of my life. I couldn't be more proud of our sailors, our Marines, our civilians. I am also proud of the many steps we have taken and the changes we have made to try to ensure working with Congress that the Navy and Marine Corps in the future remains the greatest expeditionary fighting force the world has ever known.    First and foremost, we continue to provide presence. That unrivaled advantage, all and above, beneath, and from the seas, gives our leaders options in times of crisis, reassures our allies, deters our adversaries. There is no next best thing to being there. Maintaining that presence requires gray hulls on the horizon. And while there has been discussion about posture versus presence, the simple fact is that for the Navy and the Marine Corps, our posture is presence.    In every case, from high-end combat to irregular warfare, to disaster relief, our Naval assets get on station faster, we stay longer, we bring everything we need with us, and since we operate from ships, which are sovereign American territory, we can act without asking any other nation's permission.    That is the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps, America's away team doing its job across the globe. Resourcing that presence depends on four fundamentals: people, our sailors and Marines; platforms, our ships and aircraft; power, how we use energy and make us better warfighters; and partnerships, our relations with our international allies, with industry, with the American people.    When I took this post almost 7 years ago, we had an incredibly committed and capable force. But each of those four Ps was under pressure. Our people were under stress from a high operational tempo and extended deployments; our fleet was shrinking; and too many of our platforms were costing too much. Our use of power was a vulnerability. We were losing too many Marines guarding fuel convoys in Afghanistan, and volatile oil prices were stressing a lot of areas, particularly training. And our partners were seeking reassurance of our sustained engagement.    Now our people, platforms, power, and partnerships are stronger than they have been in many years, enabling us to provide that invaluable presence. And here is why: people. We have instituted the most sweeping changes in personnel policy in many years. Promotions are based now more on merit and not tenure. Commanding officers are empowered to meritoriously promote more sailors and Marines. We have made careers paths more flexible. One example is, thanks to congressional action, the Career Intermissions Program, which has been greatly expanded.    We have also increased professional development, educational opportunities that bring America's best ideas to the fleet by adding 30 graduate schools slots through our Fleet Scholars Education Program and sending high-performing sailors on SECNAV industry tours to great American companies, like FedEx and Amazon, where they learn private-sector best practices that can be applied when they return.    We are absolutely committed from the leadership to the deck plates on combating the crime of sexual assault, and the tragedy of suicide. We have revamped physical fitness assessments, making them more realistically aligned to the jobs that we do, and we have promoted healthier lifestyles through better nutrition and a culture of fitness.    All billets in both services are now open to women. Standards will absolutely not be lowered. But anyone who can meet the standards will be able to do the job. This will make us a more combat-effective force. We are trying to mitigate stress on sailors and Marines and their families by making deployments more predictable, extending hours for childcare, and creating co-location policies. To tap into the innovative culture inherent in the Navy and Marine Corps, we established task force innovation, which takes good ideas from deck plate sailors and field Marines through our online crowd sourcing platform, to recognize, fund, and rapidly move those ideas fleet-wide.    On platforms, we have reversed the decline in ship count, and thanks to Congress, and, in particular, to this committee. Our Navy will reach 300 ships by 2019, and our assessed and validated need of 308 ships by 2021. In the 7 years before I took office, the Navy contracted for 41 ships. In my 7 years, we have contracted for 84. And we have done so while increasing aircraft purchases by 35 percent, all with a smaller top line.    Practices like firm, fixed-price contracts, multiyear buys, stable requirements, have driven down cost on virtually every class of ship. We are also in the process again, thanks to Congress and thanks to this committee, of recapitalizing nearly every Naval aviation program. We have expanded unmanned systems, on, under, and above the sea, and increased focus by establishing a Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Unmanned, and an Office of Unmanned Warfare Systems on the CNO staff, known as N99, specifically designed to coordinate all unmanned programs. We are also implementing advanced energy technologies like electromagnetic rail guns and lasers.    Power. To increase our lethality and operational flexibility, I set a goal of having 50 percent of sea and shore-based energy derived from alternative sources by 2020, competitive with the price of conventional power. We met that goal ashore by the end of last year. At sea, after demonstrating the Great Green Fleet at RIMPAC in 2012, we deployed it for routine operations a few weeks ago. Energy efficiency has been greatly increased on our bases, and at sea. Ultimately, since 2009, both the Navy and Marine Corps have achieved a large drop in oil consumption.    And, finally, partnerships. I have traveled nearly 1.2 million miles to 144 different countries and territories, visiting sailors, Marines, allies, and partners. Twelve of my trips have been to Afghanistan, where I have visited every Marine-forward operating base in Helmand Province to be with our forward-deployed men and women. And I have actively engaged with our allies and friends around the world to build and sustain a network of navies with whom we train, operate, and trust. And we have worked in partnership with Congress to fulfill the constitutional mandate to provide for and maintain a Navy. As a result, our sailors and Marines are there for us at home and abroad, around the globe, around the clock.    As George Washington once said, ``It follows then as certain as that night succeeds the day that without a decisive Naval force, we can do nothing definitive and with it everything honorable and glorious.'' Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Mabus. Mr. Chairman, you just made the points I have been trying to make, but more eloquently than I have. We deal with the fleet size we do today because of decisions made 10, 12 years ago. It takes a long time to build a ship. It takes a long time to build up a fleet. And I am very proud of where we have come, primarily, with the help of this committee to move to validated need from our Force Structure Assessment of 308 ships by 2021. And it is a good mix of ships. We are building two Virginia-class attack submarines a year. We are building two DDG 51s a year. We are, in this budget request, asking for our next big-deck amphibious ship to build to the Marine need of at least 33, but preferably 38 amphibs, and to----    Secretary Mabus. Well, number one, Mr. Chairman, we are getting the numbers. It just takes us----    Secretary Mabus. As I tried to thank you for doing that, primarily due to this committee, to Congress, we are on track to--we are there in terms of the contracts signed, in terms of authorizations, appropriations, we will get to 308 ships by 2021. So what the debate is about is about whether we keep that fleet, whether we keep it past 2021, whether we add to the capabilities, and in this budget request, we have requested money for the Virginia Payload Module, to increase the capabilities of the Virginia class.    We are moving from littoral combat ships to the frigate which has greatly increased lethality and survivability. What this budget request has done with the LCS is preserve decision space for the next administration and Congress.    Secretary Mabus. Well, because we have two shipyards that make these littoral combat ships.    Secretary Mabus. So are we. Because if you lose shipyard workers, if you lose that industrial base, it is almost impossible to get it back. And the recommendation in the budget is for two littoral combat ships in fiscal year 2017. What this does is keep both shipyards healthy, keep both shipyards open, and preserve decision spaces as to how we go forward from there.    The decisions about what to do, the number of littoral combat ships, the type of littoral combat ships, will not be made by this administration. They will be made by the next administration and by Congress. And this allows the decision space for the next administration and for Congress to go in whatever direction they want to, with a healthy industrial base when you make that decision.    Secretary Mabus. Congressman, I absolutely share your concern about the industrial base in the United States. And one of the things that we have seen, as the number of shipyards has decreased, as the number of suppliers to those shipyards has decreased, that many times, we are down to one supplier of critical parts. And if something happens to that supplier, we don't have any place to go in the United States.    I do not ask for waivers for things like this lightly, because the industrial base that has driven not only the Navy and Marine Corps, but America forward, has to be preserved to the maximum extent possible. The only time that I ask for waivers is if there is no American product which meets the specifications and the specifications are driven by what those ships have to do.    Secretary Mabus. I know that our contracting officers, and the Assistant Secretary for Research, Development & Acquisition, Mr. Stackley, are well aware of the need for American products. And there are not many places that we have to ask for a waiver, but there are, sadly, a few.    Secretary Mabus. I know there is that system inside the Department of the Navy. And if the concern, if the part is a big enough concern, then certainly, we will consult with Congress on how to fix this. There is a thing called the Defense Production Act that says that if we don't have something that we need for national defense that is produced in the U.S. at scale, that with Congress' help, we can invest in it. And we have used DPA for various things, including manufacturing of certain parts for our ships and aircraft.    Secretary Mabus. It has not. We have a validated requirement for 52 LCSs.    Secretary Mabus. I don't know of any Navy analysis that has been done that indicates that.    Secretary Mabus. May I say one thing about one specific ship?    Secretary Mabus. The USS Fort Worth has just had a terrific deployment to the Pacific, and we attribute most of USS Fort Worth's success to its sponsor.    Secretary Mabus. Congressman, I will give you sort of a general overview, and then I will turn it over to Admiral Richardson for more specifics. But that sea with as much transit as is going through it is--we have to make sure that we ensure freedom of navigation, that everybody can go through there, and we can make a pretty good argument that Asia is doing as well as it is today economically because of the United States Navy, because we have kept that open.    What my job is, what Admiral Richardson's and my job is, is to make sure that we have got the assets there for any strategy; that we have got the--whether it is ships, submarines, aircraft there, so that as our leaders weigh what strategies to employ, that the assets are not only available, but that are there, and that is the presence that the Navy and Marine Corps give this country.    And that is why it is so important to continue to keep the fleet size that we know that we need. That is why it is so important to continue to do the rebalance to the Pacific with moving 60 percent of our fleet, which will be there by 2020, and it will be a much larger fleet.    But that is the job of a service Secretary, a service chief is to make sure that those assets, that those options are available to our leaders as they make the decisions of what sort of strategies to employ.    Secretary Mabus. The sequestration that happened in 2013, both the CNO and the Commandant had mentioned this before, but it put us in a hole in terms of readiness of our ships, because of our shipyards, the public shipyards that get backlogged, and particularly in our aircraft. It is going to take us until 2019 to catch up with that backlog, and sequestration was a big part of that.    Secretary Mabus. On amphibs, I would say we are up to 30 now, because we started below that. We do have a validated need for the Marines for at least 34, 38 is preferable, because to get two battalions of Marines across the beach in contested entry, that is from the available ships, that is what it would take. And a third being unavailable, or in maintenance, is pretty standard for all ship classes across the fleet. You have got to do the maintenance, that has been one of the problems that we have had is we have had such high operations tempo that we haven't done enough of the maintenance to make sure that these ships live out their useful lives.    We will get to 34 by 2024, and to the current plan, as you would thank the Congress for LPD-28, which is the 12th LPD, which allows us, then, to go to the LX(R), the replacement for the LSD on the same hull form, so we will be able to build those cheaper and faster going forward.    While they don't replace, in any sense, amphibious ships, we have got some other classes of ships that can assist in amphibious operations, things like the expeditionary transfer dock, the expeditionary sea base. Two of the first kind have been built, three of the second kind are being built, the second kind has a flight deck on it. It can be used as a sea base, as a prepositioning for equipment, as a place to offload, particularly Marine equipment and supplies.    The Expeditionary Fast Transport, the former joint high speed vessel, can also be used for getting Marines and their equipment places very fast. Now, the ships that I just mentioned are not combat ships, they are civilian--they are not built to survivability standards, they are not supposed to be, but they can help ease a little bit of the burden, because we can put them places that today we are having to use amphibs. Amphibs are probably too much of a ship there. And we are planning on hubbing the expeditionary transfer docks in the Pacific around Japan and Korea, and we are planning on hubbing the expeditionary fast transports around Japan and Singapore.    Secretary Mabus. I am so proud of NASSCO and the ships that they deliver to us, and the prices that they have driven down, thanks to a very innovative workforce.    Secretary Mabus. Once again, I am going to give an overview, and then turn it over to our submariner here. But in the areas that we look at, and the technological advantages that we have. We have got two majors, one is technological, the other is what Congressman Israel was talking about, and that is our sailors and Marines who operate these things and keep them up to speed.    But we own the undersea worldwide. Other countries, China and Russia in particular, are fielding advanced capabilities. I think the Virginia class, with its technologies and its capabilities, and particularly as we improve on those, the Virginias that we are building now, are vastly improved from the Virginia, the first of its class. The Ohio class replacement is going to leverage a lot of those technologies that Virginia now uses. And in this budget, we have asked to start the VPM, the Virginia Payload Module, that will be put in every Virginia starting in 2019, going forward to give it more capability, more flexibility, it can deliver more cruise missiles, for example, out of that, or other things, because this will be a multi-mission capability.    In terms of weapons, the Secretary of Defense announced several weeks ago that we are looking at repurposing some of the weapons that we have now, like the SM-6, which is an anti-air weapons and anti-ballistic missile weapon to being a countership missile, and that will complicate our adversary's designs pretty dramatically.    We are also investing a lot in other future weapons capabilities, things like lasers. We have a laser in the PONCE in the Arabian Gulf today that is a 30 kilowatt. It has been tested. It has been there for almost 3 years. It can disable a small boat or a drone. We are now building 100 to 150 kilowatts of laser weapon as a follow-on, the electromagnetic rail gun, which is a game changer. We are getting ready to test it this year before deploying it on some of our ships.    And in the longer range, we protected science and technology money. We protected research and development money for things like unmanned, our unmanned system of vehicles for these weapons that may be a little more costly, like the railgun or the--well, the laser, but once operable, are very, very economical, we are talking dollars per shot instead of millions of dollars per shot. And as we are doing that to what the CNO said, we are trying to rapidly get these things to the fleet, the rapid prototyping. Do the initial testing here or on shore, but then get them to the fleet, let sailors, let Marines test them in far more operational conditions, see what works, succeed faster or see what doesn't work, fail faster, instead of going through the years-long process, and then beginning the operational testing.    So I think that looking forward, we are facing more threats and more competition from countries than we have in years, since the days of the Cold War and your peer competitors. But I think that given the trajectory that we are headed on, that as long as we don't have the previous question, a sequester or some large disruption, as long as the Ohio class replacement is funded in a way that doesn't disrupt every other program that the Navy has, I think that we can proceed with a good bit of confidence.    Secretary Mabus. As you pointed out, Congressman, the Ohio class itself has been extended, it can't be extended any more. And that is why we have got to start building the first one in 2021, it will go on patrol on 2026 or 2027 to replace the first one that is coming out. Then our plan is to build 12 of those submarines over a 15-year period to replace one--well, it won't replace one for one, because we are building 12 to replace 14. The reason we are doing that is because the Ohio class had to be refueled midlife, the replacement will not have to be refueled. So we will have basically the equivalent of two submarines by not having to go through that refueling.    Secretary Mabus. Yes, I do.    Secretary Mabus. We have, ever since I have been here a long time ago, have known when we had to start building the first one in order to replace those that are coming out of service.    Secretary Mabus. The outcome of that cyber awakening is a program called CYBERSAFE, and it is how do you protect the most valuable parts of our military, and our ships, and our capabilities, and it is a defensive depth. I can get you a much more detailed briefing in a different venue for exactly how we are doing this. But overall, we are standing up, Navy is, 40 cyber mission teams to fold into cyber command which is DODY, about half of those will help our operations, and about half are for the combat commanders to do that.    We are recruiting differently in terms of looking for those special skills. We are redesignating some of the billets that we currently have, so that we can get and then keep these cyber warriors, because you are right, this is the future of warfare. CNO has done a lot of deep work on this and has been, I think, making a lot of progress on it. And the Marines, as they draw down to 182,000, one of the areas that they are increasing is cyber.    Secretary Mabus. The entire initiative, as you know, is to bring all the programs that relate to resilience, readiness or our people under one roof, so that we can see if things cut across, issues. On the suicide prevention piece particularly, we have, in the last year, trained 800 people to be at virtually every command that we have that can recognize warning signs, that can provide intervention and that can provide assistance. And we are working not just in that lane, but also in educating all our sailors and all our Marines to recognize the warning signs that one of their shipmates may be getting into trouble, maybe contemplating something like this.    We are also trying, after people leave the service, to continue that care. That if they did seek and receive some care for a potential like that, that we keep in touch with them for at least a year after they get out so that they are not just left stranded after they leave.    And the other things that we are doing under 21st century sailor and Marine sexual assault prevention, we have got a myriad of programs there. One of things that has just popped up, and I have told the committee, I mentioned this last year, one of the things that cuts across many of these is alcohol, is alcohol abuse for sexual assault, for child abuse, for spouse abuse, for suicide, and for readiness.    The reason that we put in for both the Navy and the Marine Corps breathalyzers, so that instead of just doing drug tests, we are doing breathalyzers. It is not a punitive thing, but if somebody pops going to work, they have still got alcohol in their system, and if they do it more than once, we are going to get them some help.    So the Marines keep what you have earned, you don't lose it, you don't make a life-changing, life-threatening or career-changing thing for that. There are many other programs in that 21st century sailor and Marine. I will be happy to come brief you, or get you a complete written assessment of what we are doing, but it seems to be working.    Secretary Mabus. Well, in terms of military equipment and people of the Navy and Marine Corps, as I said before, we are moving 60 percent of our fleet to the Pacific, that is up from about 54 percent before. We will be there by 2020 and it will be a much larger fleet. As CNO said previously, we are putting our U.S. most advanced assets there. The P-8s are going there, the DDG-1000s are going there. We are putting an additional submarine into Guam and an additional submarine tender into Guam. We are putting in two additional DDGS with ballistic--antiballistic missile capabilities into Japan.    We are going to forward station for littoral combat ships in Singapore. For the Marines, you mentioned in Darwin last year and this year, we are putting about 1,200 Marines into Darwin on a 6-month rotational basis to train not only with the Australians, but also with other countries in the region. That will grow over the next few years to a full MAGTF, which is about 2,400 Marines and all their equipment. This is an all-of-government rebalance to the Pacific. But in the military sense you can see, as General Neller said, we have 22,500 Marines west of the international dateline. We will keep that number west of the international dateline. And so, we are moving more ships, more ships from a bigger fleet, a bigger percentage of our fleet from a bigger fleet, and we are moving the most advanced capabilities that we have as soon as we get them, they go to the Pacific first.    Secretary Mabus. We would lose twice as many women as men between about the 6-year mark to the 12-year mark in both services, the Navy and the Marine Corps. And it was to try--it is almost always to have a family. In a dual military couple, it is almost always the woman that leaves. We thought expanding maternity leave was an effort to do two things: One was to keep these sailors and Marines, to keep them from having to make the choice between family and service, to keep those mid career, or 7-to-12 year people that we have invested so much money in. We have invested millions to train a pilot or a submariner, or a surface warfare officer or cyber warrior. And if we can keep a woman, in particular, during--instead of leaving, number one, we will save money; number two, it as rating decision, because if we keep that 9-year sailor, we don't have to replace that sailor with a brand new recruit.    And so that was the thinking that went into the expansion. And we did a lot of research in terms of the private sector and where they had found the most success.    Secretary Mabus. I will give you one very specific program that we announced this year. We are going to take 30 slots for officers around Lieutenant, or Captain level, and pay for their graduate-level education, and we have already got people studying now at Harvard, Yale, and Dartmouth under that. And they are chosen by their commanders as the people with a lot of runway in front of them, a lot of career prospects. And we want to use this as one of the ways to keep them in the military.    Secretary Mabus. Well, we have also, in our unfunded priorities list, asked for an additional 14 in 2017. But the way the budget was structured, the two for 2017, the 14 for 2018, gets us a good way down the road to where we need to be for the industrial base, for the line, the F-18 line having only two in 2017, presupposes some international sales. And if those don't materialize, to keep the line hot, we would need to move aircraft into there.    Secretary Mabus. My understanding was the 1.6 was above the rate of inflation, and the message we were trying to send was we value you. We value what you are doing for this country. And it is not just pay. It is also the benefits that, like education, like the new GI Bill, for not only the military, but for their families. It is things like childcare. It is things like making sure that families are resilient. And what we are trying to do is make careers more flexible, make them very competitive with the private sector.    Now, we are not the private sector. We do a very different mission than the private sector. But the CNO pointed out, cyber, people that come out with the IT capabilities that we need in cyber, have a lot of job opportunities. One of the things that we offer is the ability to serve. But we have to be competitive in some other ways, and the last thing I would say is something that the CNO has talked a good bit about today.    And that is, as I go out and do all-hands calls around the fleet, which I do a lot, of course, I get questions about retirement, and salary, and benefits. But I don't get as many as I do about stability. Let us know that we are going to--give us some stability in terms of where we are going as a force. Am I going to still have a job in 5 years? Are you going to significantly reduce the size of the Navy or the Marine Corps? What is going to happen to me in the future? Give me some certainty.    And that would--that is what I hear a lot, and that is also what we are asking for. We deeply appreciate the 2-year agreement. However, 2 years is not very long. And the force is looking for, are you going to continue that commitment year in, year out?    Secretary Mabus. What General Kelly pointed out is the hard fact of a shrinking fleet. And as I said, we have turned that around. We are going to have more assets, and you are going to have more assets not just for the Pacific, but for these sorts of missions. And we are using different types of ships for these missions as well.    The first littoral combat ship, Freedom, on its way from the shipyard, basically, deployed, seized 3,500 tons of illicit drugs. We are sending vast expeditionary transports, which are very fast and unloading our Coast Guard friends to do the law enforcement part of this.    So it is--yes, it is an issue. We are building toward the fleet and part of the Force Structure Assessment that the CNO talked about, that to get to a fleet of 308 ships, include ships for SOUTHCOM, which is both the Caribbean, the Atlantic, and the Pacific in that area.    General Neller. I will just add to that, sir, that we do a lot of work with our partners in Central and South America as far as training and building their capacity and there is other money within the Federal budget that allow us to do that counternarcotics funding. Last year, we deployed, in support of SOUTHCOM, a Special Purpose MAGTF to Honduras, that operated in and around the area, primarily to be there during the hurricane, high-disaster potential season. We are going to do that again this year.    So is that going to be enough to reduce the incursion to meet the demand for drugs in this country? Probably not. But we are trying to do what we can do within our capability and to support, now Admiral Tidd, as the commander of SOUTHCOM.    Secretary Mabus. Well, again, thanks to this committee and to Congress, because the fleet is growing, we just added the fourth ballistic missile defense capable destroyer that is going to be home ported in Rota. We have four of those that can do not only ballistic missile defense in the phased adapted approach, but also theater security cooperation, operations exercises. We do Operation BALTOPS with Scandinavia every year with a lot of ships, a lot of our partners.    The Marines, as the Commandant mentioned, have prepositioned equipment in the caves in Norway. They are going through the exercise co-response with some of our allies now. The Marine's Special Purpose MAGTF, the one in Moron that has an element in Romania, the Black Sea Rotational Force to work with; Romania, Bulgaria, our allies there, and to partner with the U.S. Army in exercises and operations in that region.    We are, as we send Atlantic Coast carrier strike groups in and amphibious ready groups through the Mediterranean, we do work with our allies and our partners.    Secretary Mabus. Well, one of the things that is certain is, we don't know what is coming next. Is the uncertainty like an ISIS that we didn't know about 2 years ago? And so the only thing we can do is have enough platforms, that are flexible enough to do any mission; to have enough aircraft and weapons that go on those platforms, and to train our sailors and Marines for not just one specific issue.