    Mr. Barton. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I apologize to the Commission for not being here for their opening statements. As you know, we have the Health subcommittee, and they are meeting at 10, so we always have to go back and forth. So I missed their statement, but I am appreciative of the Commission being here.    Those of you that have attended hearings like this in the past, my normal routine would be to start asking the Chairman and the other members a series of questions about low-power television. I am going to submit those for the record, so I am not going to disappoint you, but we will put them in the written part of the record.    What I am going to do is kind of go off script--yes, and Greg says, ``Uh-oh''--but in a positive way, I hope, bipartisan.    We just had this terrible attack in Paris, and hundreds of people were killed. We need to do something about it. ISIS and the terrorist networks can't beat us militarily, but they are really trying to use the Internet and all of the social media to try to intimidate and beat us psychologically.    My question--and I will start with the Chairman, but then each of the members of the Commission: Isn't there something we can do under existing law to shut those Internet sites down? And I know they pop up like weeds, but, once they do pop up, shut them down, and then turn the Internet addresses over to the appropriate law enforcement agencies to try to track them down?    I would think that, even in an open society, when there is a clear threat, they have declared war against us, our way of life, they have threatened to attack this very city that our Capitol is in, that we could do something about the Internet social-media side of the equation.    So I would start with the Chairman and then anybody else who wishes to comment.    Mr. Barton. Well, do we need to, on a bipartisan basis, give additional authority to shut some sites down?    Mr. Barton. Well, my time----    Mr. Barton . Is about to expire. I would assume it is a ``yes'' answer, that the Commission will work with the committee if we need to update our laws to do so.    Mr. Barton. OK.    Is there anybody else who wants to comment on that before--my time just expired.    Mr. Barton. Well, it is a clear and present danger.    Mr. Barton. They have declared war against us.    Mr. Barton. And they are using the Internet in an extremely offensive, inappropriate----    Mr. Barton . Way against us. And we ought to be able to make it, at a minimum, much more difficult and, hopefully, absolutely shut it down.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I would yield back.    But I will get you my questions on low-power TV.