    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, gentlemen, for joining us today.    I share the concerns that have been expressed by other of my colleagues. You know, I can remember as far back as 2010 or 2011 when then Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mullen said that the greatest threat to our national security is our national debt. In spite of that, it continues to go in a vertical direction at an alarming rate.    Publicly held debt is projected to rise from an already elevated 76 percent this year to more than 85 percent by 2026, twice the average level of the past 50 years, which was 39 percent. CBO's long-term projections show that level will jump to 141 percent in 2046 under current law, and that would be the highest debt burden in our Nation's history.    So, Dr. Cochrane and Dr. Holtz-Eakin, is this fiscal path sustainable?    Mr. Johnson. What he said. Both emphatically no. Okay.    What would be the impact--and I will give you a chance to expand on that--what would be the impact on the economy and the average American family if this fiscal future were to become our reality?    Dr. Cochrane, you can go first.    Mr. Johnson. What does the blowup look like? We have never had a blowup of that magnitude. I mean, we have never been in this kind of debt. You know, 141 percent will be the largest in our Nation's history.    What, in your opinion, does a blowup look like at that point, and what would the impact be on the American people?    Mr. Johnson. Yeah.    Dr. Holtz-Eakin.    Mr. Johnson. Sure. I agree.    Quickly, with interest rates at historically low levels, some are calling for more borrowing and deficit financing of government spending--for example, infrastructure spending--to get the economy turned around. With interest expenses poised to become the fastest-growing segment of the Federal budget, do you think that adding to the debt by borrowing more is the answer to our economic ills? Quickly.    Mr. Johnson. Okay.    Dr. Holtz-Eakin.    Mr. Johnson. Okay. I have got 5 seconds to ask this question. Is every dollar that we spend, that we borrow, that is a dollar no longer available for economic growth? Is that a safe statement? Yes or no?    Mr. Johnson. Okay.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, gentlemen. My time has expired.