    Mr. Crenshaw. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    You talked some about the problems of coordination among the different agencies. I want to talk a little bit specifically about the military. But, before that, I understand, as relates to the military, that the Administration is going to bring home--I think they had 3,000 troops in West Africa, and most of them are home or going to be brought home soon. I guess that is the good news. There was criticism early on that it was slow, it was bungled, and that we didn't really meet the immediate need. But now it raises the question, is this too early to say we solved the problem and bring all the folks back home? Because, as I understand it, you would certainly not say it is over and there is still a lot of work to be done?    That is the broad question. But let me specifically ask about the military because they were some of the first responders. People always say, ``why are we sending the military there?'' I think we came to understand that they were there to provide logistical support. They were there to train healthcare workers and build some of the infrastructure. But there were criticisms--and we are learning a lot as we look back--that there were 17 Ebola treatment centers. Some people argued it took too long to execute, and then they say some of those structures weren't used.    I want you to talk about that. We have the best-trained, best-equipped military in the world, obviously, and the question is, is this the best use of the military? Were they adequately trained?    You work with all these other agencies. Would you say, as you look back, that sending the military over there to build those units was that the right choice? Or as you look back, might there have been a better response? So talk about that specifically and if we were slow to get there or if we are, are we too quick to go home.    Ambassador Browning. Let me address part of that, and then Jeremy, who has been working with them on a daily basis, I think, can get into much more detail. I do not believe it is too early to bring them home. I think now is the time to bring them home. We asked them to accomplish a discrete number of objects and procedures, objectives and programs. They have done that. We are leaving behind 102 uniformed personnel. They will continue to work very closely under AID's leadership in Liberia. And if there is a resurgence of Ebola virus disease, they will have a platform upon which they can build very rapidly. And this is one of the things that was missing when the military first came in.    But we don't think that will happen because, in large part, due to our military's efforts, we have systems in place. We have physical facilities established now that we didn't have in the summer of 2014. So I think now is the right time to bring them home. We want the make sure that everyone there is fully engaged and employed. And I think the number they have come up where and the modules that they have identified in consultation with AID are the right ones to keep our military there.    Mr. Crenshaw. Thank you.    Mr. Crenshaw. Is the military the best? As you look back, are there other agencies that might have done this better? Was this the right thing to do, or was it an emergency and it was the only thing we could do?    Mr. Crenshaw. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Mr.  Crenshaw. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Let me just follow up on that question, and it is part of the debate that takes place in the foreign assistance community. I think indirectly she was referring to this. On one hand, this committee will appropriate money to specific sub-accounts for specific purposes. Some people say that is good. Yet, it doesn't take into consideration that there are other issues in the countries we are trying to help, like a health system. The other side of the debate is that if you had more flexibility then you could deal with the specifics, but you could also deal with some of the broader issues that you might run into in a particular country, which they might need more.    I am wondering what you think about that. We have historically done a lot of specific appropriations, but from time to time, we have realized that we miss out on the broader picture. But if you have too much flexibility then we have a hard time maintaining our oversight capability and knowing where the money goes. Are you familiar with that debate, and is that something you have thought about? Where do you come down on that?    Mr.  Crenshaw. I figured that. It does make sense that, when you do that specifically, you are also helping the country in a broader sense as well and you are more focused.    I have got a little time. Let me ask a more specific question about wildlife trafficking. You know that is a crisis. It has become a multibillion industry, and there is a lot of crime involved and criminal syndicates. I am pleased to see the administration has taken this under its wing. Our subcommittee, under Chairman Granger's leadership, in 2014 appropriated $45 million and last year $55 million.    Sometimes I hear that money is not getting down to where it needs to be to really deal with the problem. I know it is a complicated problem. On one hand, you look at Nepal, a very poor country, but, as I understand it, 2 out of the last 3 years has had no poaching. I doubt if they spend $45 million or $55 million.    So can you give us a little update on how that money is being spent, and how effective that is? Because I think we want to continue this fight. They tell me that almost every 15 seconds an elephant is killed illegally in Africa. It is a huge crisis. So touch on how we are doing with the money we have already spent or we have appropriated. Is it effective?    Mr. Crenshaw. Thank you.    And thank you for being here, for your service.    We talk a lot about sanctions in the broad sense. And I just wondered--for instance, some people would say the sanctions we put on Iran brought them to the table. Some people say that, when we ease the sanctions, they are less apt to deal. But I want to talk in a broader sense about sanctions, in general.    How do you decide what kind of sanctions you are going to put in place?    And, for instance, you mentioned you could almost measure to the dollar, in general, about what a sanction might do one way or the other.    I am just curious to know some real-world examples of big sanctions, little sanctions, that we would understand exactly how you go about deciding.    And how do you decide whether they are effective? And how do you decide whether they get outdated? Give us a primer on sanctions.    Mr. Crenshaw. And I appreciate all that.    Give me some real-world----    Mr. Crenshaw. I am trying to understand just, real world, what--do you sit down and say, ``What is the biggest and best sanction we can put on Iran?''    Mr. Crenshaw. And how do you do that?    Mr. Crenshaw. And how do you decide----    Mr. Crenshaw. Right.    Mr. Crenshaw. And how--and I am just talking about real world. How does that work out when you decide, okay, you can only export X barrels of oil?    Mr. Crenshaw. So you will say, ``You can't buy oil from Iran''?    Mr. Crenshaw. And if you do, then what happens?    Mr. Crenshaw. I am not being argumentative. I am trying--I am really trying to understand how sanctions work. It is all--it is more--when I say we are going to put some sanctions on people----    Mr. Crenshaw. Like what did you do----    Mr. Crenshaw . Specifically?    Mr. Crenshaw. But, I mean, what kind of sanctions--what do you do to that----    Mr. Crenshaw. Well, how do you sanction an oligarch?    Mr. Crenshaw. Do you do that in terms of the lenders?    Mr. Crenshaw. I got you.    Mr. Crenshaw. Thanks so much.