    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel, for giving us this opportunity to really delve into the technical details of this deal.    We have experts who know exactly what is needed for a verification regime to prevent the development of nuclear weapons and let me just say I would like to see a deal succeed--I have been clear about that--but only if it is a good deal.    I want to see a deal that ensures Iran doesn't walk away in a few years with an industrial-sized nuclear infrastructure but perhaps most importantly I want a deal that ensures that we have access to any and every possible avenue for cheating, including access to military sites, and that we have adequate and swift measures in place to act if we suspect or find that Iran is doing so.    I have already laid out my concerns with aspects of the framework presented just a few weeks ago and I hope today will offer us the chance to get some clarity on whether there are technical ways to overcome those issues.    And though this is not the subject of this hearing, Mr. Chairman, I would say that for Iran to take a step to restore some credibility and some belief even in these negotiations, perhaps the best thing that they could do now will be to ensure that Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini, Jason Rezian and my constituent, Bob Levinson, return home to their families.    I thank you and I yield back.    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Albright, I want to--I would like to start by thanking you for the analysis, the, I think, really thoughtful and helpful analysis that your organization recently published and it is from that analysis that I have a few questions.    There are a number of concerns that I have. I will just--I would like to drill in on a couple, though. The first is Fordow. You point out that the deeply-buried Fordow remains in operation but the number of centrifuges is reduced by two-thirds, no uranium for 15 years.    Both--those are good requirements. The fact that Fordow remains open is still a concern. So how do we overcome that concern? You point out that molybdenum would contaminate the Cascades so that you couldn't enrich uranium afterward but other more common isotopes would not contaminate centrifuges so that uranium enrichment could be rapidly established.    And you say unless additional limits are included in the agreement Fordow could be expected to reemerge as a substantial uranium enrichment plant after year 15 with advanced centrifuges 10 to 16 times more capable than the current ones.    And if bans on producing 20 percent low enriched uranium sunset at year 15 then--and this is the point--this heavily fortified plant will be capable of producing enough weapons-grade uranium for a nuclear weapon within a few weeks or enough weapons-grade uranium for two weapons in less than a month.    What can be included in a deal that will help us overcome these concerns?    Mr. Deutch. Wait. But hold on, Mr. Albright. Let us just--and it sounds--it certainly sounds reasonable. But they say they want to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes. To enrich uranium for use in a civil nuclear power program that would be enrichment to 3\1/2\ percent.    Mr. Deutch. So they wouldn't need--why would they need 20 percent enriched uranium? Just for research?    Mr. Deutch. Is there--and is there any other way for them to access the 20 percent enriched uranium? How much would they need for research reactors?    Mr. Deutch. And, again, I just--just to be clear because there is so much information it is so hard for us to get our arms around because there is just so much of it.    But the key argument that Iran make is that it wants to enrich uranium for a peaceful civil nuclear program and its focus primarily on nuclear power, and for that they would need to enrich to 3\1/2\ percent.    There is no need to enrich beyond that for their stated purpose to their program. Isn't that right?    Mr. Deutch. I understand. Mr. Chairman, just, again, Mr. Albright, I want--I just want to be clear and I--and I have made that argument in the past.    There is ample opportunity for Iran to build out a nuclear energy program without enriching the uranium. We have had this discussion. The chairman has spoken about this at length.    But in a deal--we are talking about this framework and whether we can get to a deal and if a conclusion is drawn that all the limitations that are otherwise contained in the deal would be beneficial.    I just want to finish, again, by hammering home this key point that you make, that there is--there is no stated purpose for Iran to be able to enrich beyond 3\1/2\ percent, there is no--nor is there a reason that the P5+1 should acknowledge one. Isn't that right?    Mr. Deutch. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.