    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks, Administrator, for being here today.    We had some difference of opinion on whether or not the EPA was pushing for these Form 95s to be signed. President Begaye's testimony says that, apparently, EPA was trying to obtain releases for members. Since we have a difference of opinion, would you declare here today that any of these forms filled out before today and signed maybe unknowingly by members of the Navajo Nation would simply be disallowed, and they would be allowed to resubmit that paperwork?    Mr. Pearce. OK.    Mr. Pearce. All right.    Mr. Pearce. OK, all right, sounds great.    Mr. Pearce. Also, in order to dilute down the spill, 1.3 billion gallons of water was dumped that belongs to the Navajo Nation. Are you going to reimburse that?--1.3 billions of gallons of water into Mexico is a big deal.    Mr. Pearce. OK. I would expect, then, for you to look into that----    Mr. Pearce . And get back with our office. That water was released in order to dilute----    Mr. Pearce. Yes. So now you are familiar?    Mr. Pearce. OK.    Mr. Pearce. Are you going to be reimbursing the tribe for that?    Mr. Pearce. You are going to follow up and find out----    Mr. Pearce. OK. It would be practical to understand that.    Mr. Pearce. Also, to Chairman Bishop's point earlier that we needed everybody on the same panel--evidently you made the assertion that EPA helped New Mexico shut off the intakes for public water systems?    Mr. Pearce. No, I did not ask about the notification. I asked about the help.    Mr. Pearce. All right. Secretary Flynn's comment was that you are not involved at all in the decision, it was done entirely by New Mexico, and we could prosecute that decision----    Mr. Pearce . If we had everybody on the same panel together.    Mr. Pearce. So, the whole idea of accountability.    Mr. Pearce. Your comment was if anybody is negligent, or if a criminal activity--a different time you said that any administrative oversights will be dealt with.    Mr. Pearce. About how long would you think that would be, before we would know the outcome of that? How long will that investigation take?    Mr. Pearce. OK. So then, my point to the others who maybe distrust that you will actually follow through on that, does the name Robert Beale or John Beale mean anything to you?    Mr. Pearce. OK. He is thrown in jail for 3 years for bilking the taxpayers out of about a million dollars, minimum. Has any money been received back from him? Did you, as an agency, go and claw back money that he had fraudulently filed for?    Mr. Pearce. OK.    Mr. Pearce. So, there were people in the Agency who had to sign leave, travel, salary, bonuses, all that sort of stuff. Right?    Mr. Pearce. Has anybody been held accountable for that?    Mr. Pearce. No, no. Are any of the supervisors that signed off for him coming to work, or him going someplace that he did not actually go, traveling first class--has anybody been held accountable for that?    Mr. Pearce. No. Has anyone been held accountable for that? Are any of the management people who signed those things, knowing that he was at work, or not knowing----    Mr. Pearce. Again, going back to this situation, that oversight would be negligence, wouldn't it, if somebody signed a leave form or signed a performance bonus when he did not deserve it?    Mr. Pearce. Yet no one has been held accountable to date. So, people on this committee have a distrust that your study, which is going to be complete, you said, in October, will actually result in anyone doing anything--having any consequence to them at all.    Now, you were his direct supervisor for 4 years--2009 through 2012. Three years, four, I don't know. Something.    Mr. Pearce. So, again, if people here have a little difficulty in believing that you are going to actually follow through on this issue, they look at that issue and say, ``The highest paid employee of the EPA simply gets to skate for 20 years, not showing up for work, and no one is held accountable, no one.''    Mr. Pearce. Yes----    Mr. Pearce. I understand that you were the one who discovered it, but you also signed off fraudulent payments to him that he did not deserve----    Mr. Pearce . And nothing has happened to you or anyone else.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Tipton.    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate that courtesy.    President Begaye, you heard me try to get assurances that these Form 95s will, if they were signed mistakenly, or people were not sure--I did not get a clear answer from the Administrator. Maybe you understood it better. Just take my word that if they try to hold people to signatures that they did not know what they were signing, or they have tried to enforce waivers, then know that we will be a partner with you in that; and we will also work on individual cases, so it is not kind of a generality. Refer those people to our office, and we will stand side by side with them until we get that answer. We have found that to be more effective than just writing a letter on behalf of something.    Then also, with respect to the water that was released out of the Navajo Dam, just again understand that we will help push that question. That is going to be a significant question downstream. I am familiar enough with some of the agencies that I think you might have a lot of difficulty getting resolution to that.    Secretary Flynn, thank you very much for the kind comments coming in, but your leadership in this, I really appreciate that.    Now, we have heard testimony today that the spill at Gold King Mine does not appear to have significantly affected or changed the water quality of the Cement Creek or Animas. Is that something you would agree with, as they come into New Mexico, that basically this is no big deal?    Mr. Pearce. New Mexico Tech, also known as Mining Institute in New Mexico, went into Colorado. If you back up the pictures on the screen one, they discovered those heavy metals that you are describing on the bottom of these rocks there, in the stream bed. And, the next picture shows they took a sample of that groundwater, which is right there. So, definitely the effects are in the groundwater. I think I share the President's concern, and also your concern for the residents of New Mexico.    Now, we heard from the Administrator that all of the processes were followed, that it is typical, Secretary, for you to be notified by someone different than the EPA when they were describing the process. And the question was that you were not notified; she said, ``That is the way that we do it. We use someone else to notify.'' Is that your experience, really?    Mr. Pearce. OK. I did not think so. There were many things there.    Can you describe that process of closing off the inputs? Again, you heard my questions to the Administrator, and she kept trying to kind of give us bureaucratic doublespeak. So, can you describe the process that you all went through.    Mr. Pearce. Dealing with the question. Mr. Chairman, if possible, I have one more question.    Dr. Wolk, in your testimony you say, ``Unfortunately, the existing programs, regulations, and fundings are limited, and do not provide us with the means we need to adequately address the abandoned mine contamination in Colorado.'' If the funds were unlimited, what would the course of action be to remedy the problem?    Mr. Pearce. Well, if you have the situation we are facing right now, with the Gold King Mine, unlimited funds, what would the solution have been and would be?    Mr. Pearce. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Tipton.