    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you to both the witnesses.    Mr. Conner, I want to echo what my colleague Mr. Rice said about Boeing being an employer in his State. And thank you for what you do in the passenger side but also on the defense side to my constituents who work just across the river in Illinois from St. Louis. Anytime you would like to bring any South Carolina jobs over to Illinois, we would be happy to work with Mr. Rice on a good compromise.    Mr. Davis. Thanks. Thanks.    Mr. Conner, in your testimony, you stress the importance of FAA delegating authority so it can shift its focus from low-risk items to higher level safety opportunities. Can you provide an example where the FAA still retained a low-risk item, and what reason did the FAA cite for retaining that low-risk item, and what kind of impact kid it have on your certification process?    Mr. Davis. You outline a number of steps the FAA and this committee can take when crafting our new FAA reauthorization. What is, in your view, the most critical step?    Mr. Davis. OK. I have a little bit of time left. I am going to ask you one more question. The NTSB recommends that the FAA and manufacturers utilize outside experts when certificating new technology.    Mr. Davis. They believe it could be the most efficient way to ensure operations safety.    Mr. Davis. Do you use independent outside experts when certifying new technology, and can you give me an example?    Mr. Davis. OK. Mr. Chairman, I will yield back the balance of my time.    I thank you both.    Mr. Davis . Gentleman's time is expired.    Gentleman from Alaska is recognized.    Mr. Davis . The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Larsen, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Davis. OK.    Mr. Davis. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Davis. Gentlelady from the District of Columbia is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Davis. The gentlelady's time is expired.    The gentleman from North Carolina is recognized.    Mr. Davis. The gentleman's time is expired. The gentleman, my colleague from Illinois, Mr. Lipinski, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Davis. The gentleman yields back the balance of his time. I see we have nobody else to ask questions besides me. So I appreciate all three witnesses being here today, and I reserved my questions till the end for my colleagues to be able to leave me here alone with you and not hear all your responses. I will gladly then tell them all exactly what you said.    First off, let me start with Director Dillingham. In your testimony, you indicate that the jury is still out as to whether the FAA is successfully carrying out implementation plans for certification. Can you give me, in your opinion, the best way the FAA could avoid the mistakes in the past when it comes to implementing these plans?    Mr. Davis. All right. Well, welcome to our world. So in your opinion, basically, we should hold the FAA accountable to these metrics and these performance measures and ask more specific reasons why these performance measures are not being followed.    Mr. Davis. So what you are saying is the FAA is not clear?    Mr. Davis. Absolutely. Well, thank you very, very much. Thanks for bearing with me, too.    Chairman Hart, your testimony before us today highlights accidents and incidents where the agency has used its investigative authority to actually promote safety objectives. Can you elaborate on what the purview of the NTSB is today? And given the safety advances that have been made in aviation as well as other modes, how has the agency evolved since its inception?    Mr. Davis. Thank you. Thank you.    Ms. Baker, my district is a very rural district in central Illinois. It is a district that includes many acres of agricultural land and large real estate tracts, and we have seen that unmanned aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles are easily utilized to help not only on the production side of the agricultural sector, but also on the real estate side to ensure that property could be shown effectively since they are very large and very difficult for an individual to go walk the entire acreage of some of the tracts of land.    So I am concerned about what I think is the FAA's somewhat slow activity in the rulemaking process. There is obviously a growing demand. All you had to do was hear the stories from the Christmas season about UAVs and how they were popular gifts. I didn't get one, so I hope maybe you did. But what is the status of the FAA's efforts to put a risk-based certification system in place for UAS?    Mr. Davis. Well, you granted 333 exemptions so far?    Mr. Davis. Oh, you granted 13 in section 333, you granted 13 exemptions so far, right?    Mr. Davis. I mean, I hope they are still not locked in the room right now.    Mr. Davis. I mean, we have 13 that have been granted. How many do you estimate have been requested, exemptions have been requested?    Mr. Davis. In the hundreds. OK. And Canada has granted thousands of exemptions, and I mean, we just have some concerns over--we look to UAVs as part of our flight and part of our aviation sector for years to come, and there has got to be a way for us to be much more--much more receptive to the newness and much more receptive to ensuring that they don't provide any opportunity for incursions in and around our airports, and it is just simple rulemaking, it is simple procedures.    We ought not to, in my opinion, look to the future with exemptions, and more so look at how do we implement them into our existing system. I would urge the FAA to do that, and as you know, as you come in front of this committee often, I will probably be asking you more.    Is there any--are there any performance measures--you mentioned 120 days for the group now that you have gotten together locked in the room, and you expect that to actually be done before 120 days for all of the hundreds of applications?    Mr. Davis. OK. Well, I look forward to working with you, and just as you offered to keep my colleague Mr. Lipinski up to date on part 23, I would actually ask that you also send that to my office, too.    Mr. Davis. All right. And thank you very much for your testimony. If there are no further questions, although I am still always haunted by former Chairman Young looking at all of us up here in front of you, if there are no further questions, I thank the witnesses for their testimony, and the members who are not here, for their participation. I ask unanimous consent that the record of today's hearing remain open until such time as our witnesses have provided answers to any questions that may be submitted to them in writing, and unanimous consent that the record remain open for 15 days for additional comments and information submitted by members or witnesses to be included in the record of today's hearing. Without objection, so ordered. The committee stands adjourned.