    Mr. Miller. Thank you very much, Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano. I appreciate the opportunity not only to sit at the dais today but also to present a couple of pieces of legislation for your consideration today. I also appreciate the fact that you are allowing me to speak before Colonel Cook.    Sir.    I want to focus on the two bills that you talked about, H.R. 1994 and the VA Accountability Act of 2015. It provides the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs with yet another tool to remove any VA employee for poor performance or misconduct. And the provision is simply an extension of the same authority that we passed last summer in the Choice Act to remove senior executives.    To prevent retaliation, the bill would protect whistleblowers by not allowing the Secretary to use this authority on employees who have filed a complaint with the Office of Special Counsel. This provision is critically important as we continue to uncover many instances of whistleblower retaliation, and the last thing I want is for this new provision that is meant to hold bad employees accountable to instead harm legitimate whistleblowers.    Now, additionally, this bill would require that all probationary periods for new VA employees last for at least 18 months instead of the current period of 1 year. It would also give the Secretary the authority to extend this probationary period as he or she would see fit. The provision was at the suggestion from Partnership for Public Service, a good government think tank, and will give VA supervisors more flexibility to determine new employees' performance before they actually become a permanent employee of the Department. I would also note that most medical professionals in VA are already required to complete a 2-year probationary period.    Finally, the bill would require that the Government Accountability Office would conduct a study of VA time, space, and resources devoted to labor union activities.    Some have said that this bill is nothing but a partisan attack against hardworking VA employees. This could be no further from that particular truth. As I have stated from day one, I believe that 99 percent of VA's more than 300,000 employees are dedicated and hardworking and are not part of the problem that exists at VA today.    The true problem is that, more than a year after enduring the biggest scandal in VA history, in which 110 VA facilities allegedly maintained secret lists to hide wait times, the Department has fired only one for wait-time manipulation--just one person. Even worse, rather than disciplining bad employees, VA often just transfers them to other VA facilities or puts them on paid administrative leave for months on end as they receive their full salary and waste taxpayer dollars.    Whether it is Philadelphia, Reno, Nashville, Phoenix, or a plethora of other facilities, VA's tradition of transferring problem workers, putting them on paid leave, or simply allowing them to go virtually unpunished continues because current civil service rules make it nearly impossible to hold bad employees accountable. One of the reasons I know this is because high-ranking officials at VA, people who work directly for the Secretary, have told me, in fact, that this is the case.    In a hearing last month, Deputy Secretary Gibson also said it was too hard to fire employees at VA. In one instance, the Office of Inspector General completed a well-documented report proving one employee's blatant disregard for government regulations and rules. And, in this report, the IG recommended that the employee pay back tens of thousands of dollars in wasted time, wages, and travel fees which the employee had basically stolen during his time as a VA employee. Furthermore, the IG recommended that VA take administrative action against the employee.    So what did VA do with this report and the recommendations that were contained in it? Well, they reached a settlement agreement with the employee which only required the individual to pay back one-third of the amount of money the IG said the employee owed, allowed the employee to resign as opposed to being fired from VA, expunged all documentation from his official record regarding his misconduct during his time as a VA employee, and required VA to pay the employee several thousands of dollars to cover his attorney's fees he incurred during VA's investigation and their settlement.    We have asked the Department whether this employee has indeed paid back the amount he owed, and, although we are still awaiting a response, I have a sneaking suspicion that he has yet to pay back a single dime that was owed.    I am sure many people would be shocked to learn about the incident I just described and will wonder why VA just didn't do the right thing and fire this individual as well as collect the money that he owed the government. Well, the answer to that question lies in this chart that is going to be placed up on the screens that was part of a GAO report on the civil service from earlier this year. And you also have it in your binder.    Mr. Miller. They found that it takes, on average, 6 months to a year and sometimes significantly longer to fire somebody at the VA. Once they are actually removed, the MSPB has cited that in 2013 it took an average of 243 days from start to finish to adjudicate an appeal.    The process illustrated by this chart is exactly the type of thing that makes the average citizen lose faith in their government and causes quality healthcare professionals and managers to think twice when considering whether or not they would work at VA. After all, why would anyone want to work for an organization where corrupt behavior that harms veterans and wastes taxpayer money is not only tolerated but often goes virtually unpunished because there is too much paperwork?    Is this what our citizens want? Is this what our veterans deserve? I don't think so, and neither do the more than 40 bipartisan cosponsors of my bill or the leading VSOs that support it. So it is time to bring commonsense measures to VA and give the Secretary the tools that he or she will need in the future to hold VA employees accountable.    Now, my second bill on the agenda is H.R. 2275, the Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015. This bill would realign all education and training programs for veterans into the new Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration at the VA. This means that VA's Education Service, Loan Guarantee Service, Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Service, the Center for Veterans Enterprise, and VA's TAP program would transfer over from the Veterans Benefit Administration to this new administration.    The bill would also transfer the Veterans Employment and Training Service from the Department of Labor to this new administration within VA. The bill would require that VA and Department of Labor enter into a memorandum of understanding to ensure a smooth transition of these programs and employees. And it would require that VA create this new administration using already-existing resources.    I understand this is a major change in the way the Federal Government oversees job training and programs for training, but, as the old saying goes, the definition of ``insanity'' is doing the same thing over and over again but expecting different results. Decades of GAO reports and other reports have shown that the programs that Department of Labor's VETS administers have continually been ignored by the Department of Labor regardless of the political party in the White House.    It is time to bring all employment and training programs under one roof, as this will eliminate duplication, it will streamline processes, and, most importantly, it will improve veteran opportunities for future employment.    And, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity again, and I yield back my time.