    Mr. Webster. Thank you very much, Chairman Duncan, Ranking Member Sires and distinguished members of the committee.    I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today on the immense changes in the energy market, its landscape, its impacts on the Western Hemisphere and the importance of crude exports in continuing this change.    I am Jamie Webster and I appear before you today in my capacity as senior director at IHS where I lead the company's oil markets practice.    In that role, I travel regularly, not just nationally in the United States but also internationally. I also attend the OPEC meetings and was at the OPEC meeting on Thanksgiving when OPEC took the historic role--the historic stance of deciding to stand down in the face of growing U.S. production. This provides me a unique view in terms of what is going on not just in energy today but where it may go in the future.    Today, I want to address a few issues. One, the recent changes that we have seen in the global oil market, North America's critical place in it and what it means for both energy security and energy independence.    I will address the crude export issue and market-related issues as they relate to Keystone XL, and given I am just returning from Mexico last night, a brief update on where I see the energy reforms there.    The catalyst for the oil price decline that began in June of last year was the restart of Libya production. But what really supported it underneath that was the huge growth that we saw in U.S. production from 5.6 million barrels a day to 9.2 million barrels a day here in the United States.    OPEC's decision on Thanksgiving was really about its recognition that it could not compete in terms of these volumes that were coming online incessantly, and its decision was really one to focus on volume since it could no longer focus on price.    This underscores a serious shift that you are seeing in the market that we have not seen since the beginning of the 1970s when we shifted from the power of the Texas Railroad Commission to OPEC.    The market balancer, as us market analysts call it, is that entity that is able to bring production on and offline relatively quickly to handle changes in demand.    The boom in U.S. production actually has the potential to, again, allow a shift in this market balancer, and it is not just about the volumes but it is about the character of those volumes and the scope of those volumes.    One, it is the time scale. U.S. production can come online in 4 months versus conventional production that can take years to be planned, financed, and allowed online. The other is the decline rates.    U.S. production brings oil out of the ground so quickly that it actually brings the decline rate down very, very fast, which essentially has the impact of being able to slow U.S. production by slowing down on investment.    This shift from OPEC to the potential for the first time, perhaps, to a market-driven oil-based economy by shale is far from certain and it is far from complete. One of the key policy changes that would actually help to continue this drive is actually allowing U.S. exports.    Energy flows out of the United States and the growth in U.S. production on oil has already shifted the world dramatically. Nigeria used to export 1.1 million barrels a day to the United States. It is now essentially zero and we are providing large portions of their refined products.    Additionally, Mexico is taking increasing amounts of natural gas from the United States in order to support its economy both on the industrial side and electric side.    LNG soon will be allowing our natural gas to reach parts around the world and we have also go an increased tie with Canada. While we are continue to receive increased volumes from Canada, we are now exporting about 490,000 barrels a day up to Canada. This is up from 30,000 barrels a day in 2010.    This tight interconnection between the countries extends from power lines to rail lines to pipelines. The Keystone Pipeline can help to economically move oil from Canada down to refiners that are ready to take it.    Our view is very much that this is a useful and helpful pipeline. While the slowdown in oil prices has impacted Canada, over the next several years it is going to be bringing on another 800,000 barrels a day of new production. The obvious home for this is in the United States Gulf system.    The decision on Keystone is really a decision between importing oil from our near neighbor, Canada--our largest trading--or Venezuela, whose hostility to the United States is manifest.    The competitive oils between these two countries has about the same carbon footprint. But that is about the only thing that is similar between Canada and Venezuela.    The U.S. liberal trade policy on natural gas, coal, refined products, and processed condensate also needs to extend to oil.    Eliminating this is even more important when prices are low, as producers are in a much more difficult position in order to continue this production going forward. Additionally, removing this ban would actually help to bring down gasoline prices in the United States because the gasoline price in the United States is largely set by the global marker Brent, and so by pushing more volumes into the global market we will actually bring prices down on--leaving everything equal.    This brings me to Mexico. This country is eager to extend its imports of U.S. natural gas to also include oil. While there have been discussions about being able to execute oil swaps with Mexico, in reality there are a number of commercial hurdles that must be surmounted in order for this to occur.    The easier thing would be to allow crude oil exports so that this can be done on a single transaction rather than having to get at complex transactions to get around the current and outdated policy that currently exists.    Right now, Mexico, as Kevin mentioned, is undergoing a huge renaissance and a huge change in its energy reform, which is allowing a lot of opportunities for U.S. companies to participate, and I know they look forward to increased working with U.S. companies in the future.    Thank you very much for being here.    Mr. Webster. It was a different number, Chairman.    Mr. Webster. But that is--that is an accurate number, yes.    Mr. Webster. Thanks for your question, Chairman.    Absolutely. It is quite heavy oil and this is important because the U.S. refining in the Gulf Coast is what we call a world class refining system and when we say it is world class, that means it can take some of the toughest oils to refine, which include Canadian oil.    Mr. Webster. We are set up.    Mr. Webster. Actually, it is even heavier than what we get from Saudi Arabia, yes.    Mr. Webster. That is absolutely correct.    Mr. Webster. That is correct. That is correct, yes.    Mr. Webster. I will go ahead and take that. I will try that.    Mr. Webster. Thanks. Yes.    Mr. Webster. Thank you very much for your question, Ranking Member.    So, you know, one of the big things that people who look at either battery power or renewable energies is, you know, when oil prices are higher than it makes more sense to start looking for alternatives.    Oil price is quite a bit lower now and you can see here in the United States we are starting to buy larger cars. But I think what is going to happen over the next couple of years is we are going to have quite a bit of volatility on oil prices and that volatility is actually going to be something that both consumers and producers are going to want to get away from, and so one of those ways to do that is this potential for battery technology.    So while in the short term this is not exactly what I would consider positive for moving towards, you know, electric cars and things like that, longer term this up and down in prices and the desire to kind of escape that volatility so that you can have better planning for your budgets is actually going to favor other alternatives.    Mr. Webster. So IHS actually conducted a study on this to try to better examine this and our view is very much that 70 percent of both the crude and refined products would be kept here in the United States.    The remainder of it would actually tend to back out to that Venezuelan oil and, again, it goes back to what the chairman's point was earlier, which is that the Gulf Coast refinery is perfectly suited to this oil.    So it actually doesn't make a whole lot of sense to bring that oil down to the perfect market for it and then say you are going to export it to someplace else. There is no better place for it.    Mr. Webster. Yes, I will go ahead and try it. One, I would agree with you that crude oil exports is, to me--it is very difficult for me to come up with--as an analyst to come up with an intellectually credible argument on why you would not allow crude oil exports when petroleum products are okay, natural gas is okay, coal is okay, electricity is okay but crude oil is not.    Mr. Webster. Yes. I would--my estimate would be that the reason why is because of a concern is that when people see the price on television they look at the oil price and so they often link oil price with gasoline price, not recognizing that actually exporting oil is actually going to increase the supply around the world and as I often say a free barrel of oil anywhere actually increases energy security everywhere. And so that actually would bring down gasoline prices.    Mr. Webster. Well, one, it--you know, a lot of the companies that are looking at this in terms of energy they look at the risk profile for each of these countries, and one of the benefits of both the United States being a bigger producer of oil and gas is it gives them another safer opportunity that is certainly present within Canada and increasingly within Mexico.    What ends up happening is for these countries is they essentially, you know, either price themselves out of the market, so to speak, which then reduces the opportunity that the world has for those energy--additional energy supplies from those regions.    Mr. Webster. That is correct.    Mr. Webster. Thank you for the question, Chairman. Since drill it and ship it have been taken, I will take share it, which is actually--and Senator Murkowski has put out some language on this--which is that you actually need to continue to increase the integration of both data, both--just in terms of flows and trade, but also in terms of technical data between these different countries to understand what those resources are so that you can then drill it and ship it.