    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    There was some mention of stovepiping, and I want to say a few words in defense of stovepiping, because back in the old days it used to be called a ``need-to-know basis.'' After 9/11, we decided we needed to connect the dots and so everybody in the intel community got to see all the dots. Bradley Manning got to see all the dots and he told the world about all the dots. So we need a balance of letting people in the intel committees see the dots and protecting our dots of information.    I think that there are people at Treasury who have done an outstanding job on terrorist financing, but there are aspects where we are just not serious. The witnesses have brought some of that to our attention. Outside the realm of this task force, I would point out that--and perhaps this has changed recently--our policy used to be that we didn't bomb oil tankers hauling ISIS oil because the drivers might be civilian.    Had we refused to bomb Nazi trains during World War II because the conductor was a civilian, we might live in a very different world today. And also, I don't see why they are using trade when our IRS allows you to get a tax deduction for giving money to terrorist organizations.    I brought to the IRS's attention 5 years ago a group that was funding ViVa Palestina and Hamas, gave them the videotape, and as of now, the only indication that anything has happened is that the organization itself puts on its website, ``The IRS may eventually take away our tax-exempt status,'' and implies you ought to give money to them now so that you can get your money to Hamas and get your tax deduction. So there is a certain lack of seriousness in some parts of Treasury, the IRS.    Mr. Cassara, you talked about not showing beneficial ownership, that Wyoming and Delaware--how big a problem is this and should we simply have a Federal statute that says, ``If you form an entity anywhere in America that makes use of interstate commerce, that is engaged with our interstate banking system, you have to disclose beneficial ownership in publicly available State or Federal records.'' How are we going to criticize the Cayman Islands if we have Delaware? Mr. Cassara?    And how helpful would it be to know the beneficial ownership of the entities involved in business and trade?    Mr. Sherman. How big a problem are the tax havens? They are not just tax havens, they are transparency havens. We could prohibit U.S. banks from doing business with those countries that act as tax havens and shield beneficial ownership information. How useful would it be if every one of these tax havens in fact was cooperating with us at least as much as, say Britain as an example? Mr. Bock?    Mr. Sherman. You say they smuggle the currency or they smuggle the goods?    Mr. Sherman. Gotcha.    Mr. Sherman. So if you want to avoid Customs, you take money that has been moved to the United States to avoid Colombian taxes, or scrutiny, or currency controls--    Mr. Sherman. --you also get to avoid the Customs as well if you can smuggle the goods--    Mr. Sherman. Dr. Cassara, I know, wants to say something that we--