    Mr. Young. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Folks, thanks for coming before us today, and thank you for your service.    The viral hog disease, the PED virus that is out there, diagnosed about 2 years ago in 31 States, resulting in significant piglet loss, low sow productivity, so you have reduced pork production, higher prices. It is just really devastating, not just financially to Iowa farmers and hog farmers, but a really emotional toll that is being taken on folks, as you know. I thank goodness that it is not affecting food safety and human health.    But the USDA has conditionally approved two companies to market vaccines against PEDV. How successful have these vaccines been? How high of a priority is this research in the ongoing research that you are doing?    I want to hear, of course, that it is a high priority, but talk a little bit about the vaccines--how they are doing, the priority of the research, and where it is going.    Mr. Young. How long do you think it takes to determine how the vaccines are doing? You don't have that information right now. But how long do you think it takes?    Mr. Young. Appreciate your ongoing research on this and your commitment to this. As you know, this is very important.    Antimicrobial resistance. You know, antibiotics have been helping farmers to treat sick animals, prevent diseases. The farmers are trying to provide these at the lowest possible levels and doses, of course. Yet, there are groups out there who don't want to see any use of antibiotics due to concerns of resistance.    Dr. Jacobs-Young, your written testimony highlights the President's budget request for antibiotic and antimicrobial resistance research. The justification points out that more research is needed to understand the root causes behind antibiotic-resistant bacteria.    If these causes are not fully understood, why has the President requested $10 million to develop alternatives to antibiotics? Wouldn't it be more prudent first to identify the causes before trying to develop a solution?    Mr. Young. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the time. I yield back, if I had any left.