    Mr. Gil. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Scott, other Members of the Subcommittee for the opportunity to testify at this hearing to review the G20 swap data reporting goals.    My name is Andres Gil, and I am testifying on behalf of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Coalition for Derivatives End-Users. The Chamber is the world's largest business federation, representing the interests of more than three million businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions. The Coalition includes more than 300 end-user companies and trade associations. Collectively, the Chamber and the Coalition represent a wide and diverse population of domestic and international commercial businesses and trade associations.    At the outset, let me thank the Members of this Subcommittee for their focus on balancing regulations, to promote financial stability, and for Main Street businesses to have the tools necessary to operate and grow as well as the CFTC for listening to the concerns of end-users and for creating a data-reporting regime that is both robust and sensible.    The Chamber believes in America's global leadership in capital formation and supports capital markets that are the most fair, transparent, efficient, and innovative in the world. As part of that mission, we recognize the acute need for commercial end-users to effectively manage risks. This should be consistent with financial regulatory measures that promote economic stability and transparency without imposing undue burdens on derivatives end-users.    With that background in mind, we support and believe in the G20 swap data reporting goals including improving transparency in derivatives markets, mitigating systemic risk, and preventing market abuse. But there are real economic consequences of getting derivatives regulation wrong. Main Street businesses use derivatives to obtain access to raw materials, lock in prices for commodities, and mitigate risk. Many U.S. companies are able to maintain more stable and successful operations through the use of a variety of risk management tools, including derivatives. Smart regulation should encourage, not discourage, such practices.    However, implementation of the G20 goals has begun to hurt end-users. For example, the European Union appears to be proceeding without due regard for the economic and regulatory burdens imposed on end-users by certain swap data reporting obligations. These include dual-sided reporting and interaffiliate obligations which require end-users to adopt costly new reporting systems to comply with EU law. Both requirements impose significant initial and ongoing operational, legal, and cost burdens for end-user companies.    We suggest that there must be a better way for regulators and the market to get the data they need without imposing duplicative and burdensome regulations on real economy companies, especially because they do nothing to promote the goals of the G20 framework.    Ultimately, the Chamber and the Coalition believe that this has resulted in a fragmented market where U.S. end-users operating abroad now face compliance with multiple reporting regimes and required data sets for their transactions.    The larger point, however, is that the cumulative effect of new derivatives regulation threatens to impose undue burdens on end-user hedging. Both the direct regulation of end-users, the reporting requirements on which this hearing is focused, and indirect regulation, such as capital and liquidity requirements imposed on our counterparties serves to discourage end-user risk management through hedging.    We need a regulatory system that allows Main Street to effectively use derivatives to hedge commercial risk resulting in key economic benefits, one that allows businesses to improve their planning and forecasting, manage unforeseen and uncontrollable events, offer more stable prices to consumers, and contribute to economic growth. We should always aim to avoid the imposition of unnecessary burdens on end-users that restricts job growth, decreases investment, and undermines our competitiveness abroad.    As the Subcommittee considers the implementation of G20 reporting obligations, it is our hope that these issues will be at the forefront of your efforts. Continued support for global standards, rather than proceeding on divergent paths, is important for data reporting consistency. Congress has the ability to influence that process by promoting harmonization and sensitivity to the impacts on end-user companies. Together, we can strengthen our financial systems by supporting Main Street business.    Thank you, and I am happy to address any questions that you may have.    Mr. Gil. I would definitely associate myself with those comments. I would also underscore there is also the mistaken kind of assumption that reporting simply means sending an e-mail by an end-user. That is completely wrong. What actually occurs for an end-user is the creation of a system, a computer system, usually from scratch, very costly, and usually not in the best position for someone to actually report. So I would say that the costs are tremendously high.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Yes. So you don't see, for example, end-users having an exemption from this?    Mr. Gil. Under the current rules, end-users, under single-sided reporting would rely on their financial counterparties to do the reporting. Obviously under the dual-sided reporting in other jurisdictions we have a lot of concerns.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Okay. Thank you, sir. I appreciate it.    The Chairman. Mr. Neugebauer?    Mr. Gil. Congressman, we share your concerns completely. The CFTC's proposal, while well-intentioned, does ask for a number of additional data fields that will impose additional costs. Those costs obviously flow down to end-users. To the extent that that financial reporting party has to start collecting that information, it does go to the end-user. The number one thing that we want to avoid is pricing the end-user out of the market because of increased costs.    Mr. Gil. Congressman, that is a great question. Honestly, the costs do end up flowing to the end-user regardless of who is the reporting party. We have seen that in a number of different regulations, whether it is capital or margin, and it applies for reporting, too. I think that the important thing to do honestly in addition to making sure that the right person and the right party is actually reporting this information, is making that information as targeted as possible, eliminating issues with current reporting issues, and then only asking for data sets that are truly needed, going forward.    Mr. Gil. Congressman, I would agree with that.    Mr. Gil. Absolutely. That is a great question. Thank you for that. I think that one way of kind of thinking about it, again, I use the analogy of someone thinking that an e-mail is sufficient. Sometimes people don't realize that an end-user also has a continuous obligation to update that information that is posted. So you have to create a system from scratch. You have to create the code in order to actually implement the system. Then you have that reporting obligation, going forward, in terms of updating that continuous information.    Let me take the example of Europe where that is even tougher. So for example, you have a dual-sided reporting obligation, and usually you would actually rely on the financial counterparty to supply that information and send it to an SDR. In that situation, you actually have to do it yourself. So the end-user has to adopt this to begin with.    So for an international company that is doing both business in the United States and Europe, sometimes they are faced with a situation where they may not have to post that information or report it in the United States but they do in Europe. And that creates complexity and burden.    Mr. Gil. I think it has been significant, Congressman. I don't have any numbers on me.    Mr. Gil. Right. To answer that question, it is important to look at how this system has kind of developed over time. The Europeans have decided to actually develop the system that is very different from the CFTC and what we have in the United States. A few years ago the CFTC granted no-action relief and has helped with a lot of these different reporting obligations, which we really appreciate.    So for example, inter-affiliate reporting which would have been very burdensome for end-users, is something that the CFTC has granted relief from. Europe is different, and because of that, we face different reporting obligations.    Mr. Gil. I think you have a great point there, Congressman. The fact is, more information is not necessarily helpful or useful, and we need to actually look at that.    So for example, I have used the example of the EU because it is very helpful here. In the dual-sided reporting regime, you have about 50 percent matching, so in other words, 50 percent actually working in that system. You have more information in that system, though, because it is coming from two different sources. Taking that analogy and using it here, now you have 120 new data fields. You might have potential mismatches. You are going to have a lot of false positives. More information is not necessarily helpful in that respect.    Mr. Gil. Thank you very much, Congressman, for that question. I think it is completely appropriate to be looking at this, looking at the burden that is imposed on end-user companies and finding out if there are exemptions or abilities to tailor that type of reporting in a way that will be appropriate for end-users.    In terms of specific recommendations? It is difficult to say considering that this is a technical staff document, alpha proposal. I think the main point, though and the main point that I underscore that the other panelists have also mentioned is that it is incredibly important to make sure that it is consistent with the work being done by CPMI-IOSCO. It needs to be consistent with end-users, especially the businesses across different jurisdictions need to have the same reporting obligations throughout.    Mr. Gil. I would associate myself with the comments of Ms. Kruse and Ms. Collazo. I would also add----    Mr. Gil. Not Mr. Rogers.    Mr. Gil. What I would say, though, in addition to the points that they raised, we have to look at what tools are also available currently to talk about swap data quality and, for example, portfolio reconciliation and confirmation of trades. Those basically ensure that the economics of the bargain that are actually entered into between parties is confirmed. So when we are talking about data quality issues, we are talking more about month, date, year versus date, month, year kind of issues, not the economics of the actual transaction.    Mr. Gil. Thank you. I would only add in addition to the differences that have kind of been noted here is inter-affiliate reporting. And so the CFTC in its no-action relief granted relief from that in its reporting rules. The SEC seems to be going down a different route and will require it despite the fact that it is internal risk management. So end-users find that to be a significant concern. We will be inputting comments on that.