    Mr. Vari. Mr. Chairman and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you very much for affording me the opportunity to appear before you today on the important issue of the FACT Act legislation. Just to re-introduce myself, my name is Nick Vari. I am an attorney with K&L Gates in Pittsburgh, and for nearly 25 years I have represented asbestos defendants across the United States, and it is those experiences that shape my comments today. The reason I am here is that the asbestos claim recovery system is broken. There are billions of dollars that are being paid every year by entities that collectively do not have complete information regarding the claims that are being paid.    There are two competing remuneration systems or compensation systems that exist for asbestos claimants. One is a trust system, and that trust system was formed by now bankrupt entities that have put money into trusts to not only pay present claimants, but future claimants who do not even yet know that they have a claim. The other system is the civil justice, or what we refer to as the tort system, and that is where the solvent entities are, and the plaintiffs can seek recovery from the solvent entities.    The mechanisms in each instance are pretty similar. The claimant comes forward with information regarding exposure to a product or showing circumstances that a trust or entity is responsible for the claim. Then they also need to provide evidence of a compensable injury that is attributable to that asbestos exposure, and then the claim is reviewed. It can be contested, and ultimately it is disposed of and often paid.    The big difference between the two systems, though, is that the claim information for the tort system claimants is available to the public largely and takes place under the sunlight of the disclosure in the court systems. The trust system disposition or claims disposition occurs behind closed doors, and that information is not available to other stakeholders or folks who may need to know or could benefit from that information.    Now, it is the same people, the same claimants, that are seeking recovery in each system. And the proposed legislation that we are talking about today is not about who is a good guy and who is a bad guy, and putting white hats or black hats on people or entities. It is just about information, and it is about making sure that all of the stakeholders in this claims process have access to the same information regarding what claims are being made, and of whom, and what is being alleged in all of those claims.    I reference in my comments the Garlock opinion. It is a bankruptcy opinion out of the Western District of North Carolina. I am sure we will have some more discussion on that. But the teaching in that claim or in that decision was that the bankrupt entity, Garlock, was paying 10 times more in the tort system than the bankruptcy court felt that it should have paid had it had access to all of the information regarding other exposure claims that its claimants were making.    Now, while it is correct that I have personally not worked with the trusts, I can only presume, though, that each trust would benefit from the same information, and knowing what claims were made and what allegations of exposure were being made, and what diseases were being alleged by the various trust claimants. At this point, all these trusts exist in a vacuum. If that information was open, it would not only benefit defendants. It would benefit the trusts in evaluating the claims to it.    The arguments against transparency even from my perspective just do not seem to resonate. An asbestos claimant in the tort system makes full disclosures of his or her medical history and medical records. They provide Social Security printouts. They provide tax returns. They provide all sorts of wage information. There is no information that is submitted to the trust that is not made available within the civil justice system.    And the most important thing, from my perspective, is that nothing in this legislation relates to compensation or costs any claimant one cent in compensation. The effect of this information and what that may be is a function of state courts and the recovery systems that are available on a state-by-state basis. All the legislation provides for is information and enables all of the stakeholders in that litigation to have access to the same information.    Thank you very much, and I appreciate your time.    Mr. Vari. They are part of settlements, and the reason I hesitate is I am here in a personal capacity and not behalf of----    Mr. Vari. I will say that----    Mr. Vari. I will do my best.    Mr. Vari. No. Then the answer would be no.    Mr. Vari. On a personal level, I am not sure. But I can tell you that in the tort system----    Mr. Vari . The plaintiffs resist disclosure of settlement information. In my experience more often defendants----    Mr. Vari. It is unnecessary because the plaintiffs already possess the settlement information. The plaintiffs collect the settlements. They know what the amounts are. So there is nothing being withheld from the plaintiffs in any settlement regarding information.    Mr. Vari. Yes, that would. And I also would concur in the observation that once the money runs out, there is no more recovery.    Mr. Vari. I would repeat my answer that the plaintiffs know that information. The plaintiffs who settle know how much----    Mr. Vari. The existence of a settlement is a matter of public record in the tort systems. So, to say that my client or any client of mine--I am using a hypothetical because I am not here on behalf of a particular client. But the fact that a client settles has to be a matter of public record, and it is on a docket. So the same information that is being requested here, which is what is the basis of the suit, that is in a complaint. Did my client get sued? Yes. Did the client settle? That is already in.    Mr. Vari. Sure. I do not think that anyone quarrels with the notion that no one should recover for the same injury twice. Where we seem to be hung up on is how much information will be available to allow anyone to make that determination.    So, you know, are there recoveries that occur that are above the true value of the claim? As Mr. Inselbuch said, most of these claims are settled, so, you know, in that instance it would require an estimation. But certainly there are a lot of recoveries going on and occurring in the trust system that are not made available to the tort system defendants. So, if nothing else, transparency would at least enable one to say that it does not happen, but in the absence of a meaningful cross-flow of information, it could happen, you know, and it likely does happen. But without the information, there is no way to really study the question.