    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order.    And, without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Today's hearing is about the IRS and the targeting that has happened there. We have had updates from the Inspector General's Office, and we are here for another such update. We appreciate Mr. George and Mr. Camus for being here with us.    And, as we start this hearing, I would like to walk through why we are here at this particular time.    There was targeting of people who were trying to exercise their First Amendment rights. This was done because of their political beliefs.    Dave Camp and the Ways and Means Committee did some exceptional work unearthing this and talking to then the IRS Commissioner, Mr. Shulman, about this. He had assured the committee, assured the Congress--which, when you talk to Congress, you are talking to the American people--that none of this targeting had ever occurred.    That is when the Inspector General's Office started to get involved and they started to look at it. Later, they came back and provided a report, and that report happened in, I believe, 2013.    Now, keep in mind, when we had this information going on, there was a preservation order that was put in place asking and requiring the IRS to preserve these documents. Chairman Issa, then the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, in August of 2013 issued a subpoena asking for this information and these documents.    But then you move forward, and this is where it just sort of starts to get unbelievable. It stretches the imagination beyond comparison. And we are supposed to believe this wide array of facts just happened to come together in such an odd and peculiar way.    Again, remember the IRS Commissioner said, ``There is absolutely no targeting.'' Now, when this first came to light, the President was actually very good on this topic. He said that he would work with Congress and then somehow magically concluded, even though the Department of Justice had not completed their investigation, the Inspector General had not concluded their investigation, the United States Congress had not concluded an investigation either in the House or the Senate, but somehow, magically, the President came to the conclusion that there was, ``not even a, smidgen of corruption.''    Now, interesting thing about that timing, that happened to be Super Bowl Sunday. So Super Bowl Sunday in 2014, the President makes his comment. We have heard from an IRS official where she said, ``That's the exact same day that I remember looking and realizing that there were some emails missing.'' Now, this thing has gone on for years. It is just coincidental that the President is on national television, and she says and has told us that, ``Whoops, there's some emails missing.''    Again, remember, for 10 months there was a preservation order in place; for 7 months there was a subpoena in place. We have been assured multiple times by the IRS that they were doing everything, bending over backwards, giving us all kinds of stats and metrics about how many emails and how many people were working hard on this. But the one thing we wanted to have, evidence, to let the facts take us wherever they may be, that one thing just went missing the exact same time, just within hours of the President making that comment.    But what we are going to hear today makes it even more stunning, because what the Inspector General has evidently learned is that that evidence on that day that the President said that, on the day that the Inspector General--or the day that the IRS person said there are missing emails, they weren't missing at that point. They weren't destroyed. What we are going to hear from the Inspector General's Office today is that those emails were destroyed 30 days later. February 4, Super Bowl Sunday--or the 2nd, Super Bowl Sunday, pardon me, you know, they are missing. But they weren't missing. They got destroyed just about 30 days later.    Twenty-two days after that, the IRS Commissioner, on March 26--I remember because it was my birthday--IRS Commissioner comes here and testifies and tells us essentially that they have the emails, it's going to take years to provide them, but they will get us those emails, in a direct question that I had asked him. But they had destroyed them 22 days prior. They knew that there was a problem with it back in February, supposedly.    And it wasn't until June that the IRS then confirmed or buried in the back of a letter to the United States Senate, to Senator Orrin Hatch's committee, Senator Wyden's committee, that, oops, we think there's a problem with the emails.    Then the Inspector General, that catches their attention, so what do they do? They put a team together, and they say, you know what? Let's go see if we can find those emails. Because, remember, at this point, the IRS has had years to do it, and they couldn't find them. They think there's a problem.    The Inspector General's Office puts a team together, and within about 2 weeks they go and find them. They show up at this so-called cage and go ask and go look for these emails. Nope, they have been sitting there the whole time. Has anything ever happened to those? No, nobody even asked us for them. That is the testimony we heard in a previous hearing.    And we are supposed to believe all this in the context of an FBI investigation that is led by a max-out donor to the Obama administration; a contempt from Lois Lerner--the House of Representatives, in a very unprecedented--it doesn't happen very often around here--holds Lois Lerner in contempt; a statute that says they shall refer that to the grand jury. The U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia looks at that for 10 months and, 2 days or so, roughly, before Mr. Machen steps away from that job, says, ``You know what? We just think it shouldn't be referred,'' even though the statute says it shall. And that is a potential hearing and maybe something that we will look at later.    But part of what we are going to find today is that there are some 24,000 emails, potential emails, that were destroyed. It is a destruction of evidence.    We want to pursue the facts. I know there are Democrats on the other side of the aisle that say, hey, there is nothing here, let's move on, it is no big deal. Let the evidence speak. But when there is a destruction of evidence, that goes to a whole other level.    One of the things we are going to hear from the Inspector General today is that five of the six sources where they could find this email the IRS didn't even look. And yet we have heard multiple, multiple testimonies from the IRS Commissioner saying, oh, we are working so hard, we got all these people, we are spending millions of dollars, it is taking all these resources. They didn't even look in the most obvious places, like her phone.    You add this all in combination, it just defies any sense of logic. It gets to the point where it truly gets to be unbelievable. Somebody has to be held accountable.    Imagine if this was all reversed. Right? Imagine if you were on the receiving end of an inquiry from the IRS, and they asked you for documents, and they issued you a subpoena and you destroyed the evidence, and you had that evidence. What would happen to you? You would be prosecuted to the fullest. You would end up in jail. And you probably should.    That is what we are dealing with here. This should have been disposed of a long time ago. But we have been misled; there has been evidence that has been destroyed.    And so we appreciate this hearing today. These two men who are here before us have done some exceptional work. They are supported by a great number of people on their staff who do very important, impartial work. And we count on their opinions.    Let me be fair in this conclusion. Part of what they are going to say today is they have found no evidence that this was done willfully, that this was some purposeful direction from any one person, whether it be the White House or below. Understood. But the bottom line is they had the evidence, there was a preservation order in place, there was a subpoena in place, and that evidence was destroyed.    And we are going to hear this testimony. My understanding is next week they are going to issue a rather lengthy report. We look forward to seeing that report. Given that next week is the Fourth of July recess, we thought it appropriate to bring them before us here to get their verbal comments, an opportunity to question them. We look forward to hearing and reading their report in its totality. And then we are going to have to figure out a way of moving forward.    But people need to be held accountable, and we are going to get to the truth.    With that, I am going to yield back and recognize our ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any member who would like to submit a written statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. We will now recognize our panel of witnesses. We are pleased to welcome the Honorable J. Russell George, Inspector General at the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration; and Mr. Tim Camus, Deputy Inspector General for Investigations at the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration.    We welcome you both. Appreciate your work.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. If you will please rise and raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. Please be seated.    And let the record reflect that the witnesses both answered in the affirmative.    We would appreciate your verbal comments, and any additional comments or written statements will be, obviously, made part of the complete record.    Do you have one statement, or are you going to combine that into----    Chairman Chaffetz. Very good. Mr. George, we recognize you, and then we will turn it over to Mr. Camus and go from there.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Camus, the IRS had these emails. And you said they didn't purposely destroy them, but what did they do with these emails?    Chairman Chaffetz. But there was a preservation order in place, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. There was a subpoena in place some 7 months before, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Would you consider that these emails are evidence? It is what we are seeking.    Chairman Chaffetz. Is it fair to say that that is evidence?    Chairman Chaffetz. And what did they end up doing with those in March of 2014?    Chairman Chaffetz. And what did they do with them?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is that destroying them?    Chairman Chaffetz. So the new IRS term is that they degaussed them. They degaussed them is what they did.    Chairman Chaffetz. They had them. They were under subpoena. They were supposed to give them to us. The IRS Commissioner told us he was going to give us everything. But they degaussed them so that we wouldn't be able to see this.    This just magically happened 30 days--we are supposed to believe this happened 30 days after the President makes his public comments that there is not even a smidgen of evidence? What a coincidence.    Let me ask you about the potential electronic media backup that they could have. What happened with the Lerner loaner laptop? She had a loaner laptop. Did they search for the emails on that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did the IRS look and search there?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did they look at her BlackBerry, her phone?    Chairman Chaffetz. So the IRS Commissioner, who assured us that there was this dragnet out there looking for all this, they're working hard, thousands of efforts and millions of dollars going out the door, but they didn't look at her BlackBerry?    Chairman Chaffetz. But they didn't look for it before then.    So what about the IRS server? Did they look for it there? Did they look for her backups there, her tapes?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you have a server; seems like a logical thing to do, go check that out, but they didn't look for it there.    When you started to look for the emails, start to finish--remember, they had years to get this done--start to finish, how long did it take for you to find the tapes when you started in June? I believe it was June of 2014.    Chairman Chaffetz. So you guys--paint the picture for me. They are sitting around the table, ``Hey, we should probably go see if we can find these emails.'' And it took you 15 days? That's it?    Chairman Chaffetz. And what happened when you went up there to go find those tapes?    Chairman Chaffetz. And there were emails there.    Chairman Chaffetz. How many of these cages and places that they store these tapes are there throughout the country? How many of those are there?    Chairman Chaffetz. So the one place where they would put the tapes is one place that the IRS didn't even bother to go look and ask.    So my time has expired. I yield back and recognize the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. I am sensitive to the idea that we want to have as accurate of information as we can possibly have, but let's remember why we are here. There was a preservation order in place; there was a subpoena in place. They've never complied with it.    We've had testimony from the IRS Commissioner that we would get all this, only to find out they have been degaussing these tapes. And they destroyed evidence. That is what they did. And that is why we continue to have this.    We haven't even got into the content of the emails. We are just trying to get them so we can actually read them and figure out what was going on.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. And would the gentleman----    Chairman Chaffetz. We've got thousands of IRS employees in Utah. They work hard. They are patriotic. And most of the IRS employees are.    But when the IRS Commissioner Shulman comes and says there is no targeting and the Inspector General says there is targeting, when Mr. Koskinen as the IRS Commissioner comes here and says that we will provide you all the tapes and meanwhile they're degaussing them, then you can understand, we are not trying to pick on the rank and file here, but when you lie to Congress, you mislead us, we are going to hold you accountable.    And so, yeah, our focus is on Mr. Shulman, it is on Mr. Koskinen, and it really does mystify why, with all these orders in place, a subpoena in place, these things get destroyed.    Chairman Chaffetz. Is that fair?    Chairman Chaffetz. We need to keep----    Chairman Chaffetz. We need to move on. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. Gentleman yields back.    Recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time is expired.    I want the gentleman to know that Mr. George had informed the committee, had informed me that he was dealing with a personal situation. It's hard to communicate that with everybody en masse, but I was aware of that.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Sorry you are going through that.    As the chairman, I'd like to inform you that there is a vote on the floor. It is my intention to recognize Mr. DesJarlais for 5 minutes, then we will recess. There are three votes on the floor. Upon recess, we will not reconvene again before 10:45, sometime after that, a few minutes after the last vote, then we will resume. But we will have to adjourn briefly.    But for now, let's recognize the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. DesJarlais for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    There are votes on the floor. The committee will stand in recess. We will reconvene no sooner than 10:45, but honestly, probably going to be a little bit longer.    Chairman Chaffetz. We stand in recess.    Chairman Chaffetz. The Oversight and Government Reform Committee will come back to order.    We were in the midst of the hearing regarding the IRS and appreciate the inspectors general being with us here today.    There was a point of clarification, I believe, Mr. Camus wanted to make. I'd like to recognize him to clarify a previous statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Appreciate the clarification.    Chairman Chaffetz. We do.    We now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Massie for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. DeSantis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Will now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Russell, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. But----    Chairman Chaffetz. But, if the gentleman will let me yield, but it wasn't true. Was it?    Chairman Chaffetz. They did not what?    Chairman Chaffetz. We'll have to have that debate and that conclusion, but I think it is pretty crystal clear, and I appreciate that.    Chairman Chaffetz. And if I can continue on for a second, Mr. Koskinen is very aggressive in making sure that he is the only one that comes and testifies before this committee. He's the only one that comes and testifies before Congress because he feels like he's got the best grip on his organization and he doesn't want anybody else to come testify. That is routinely--we had to bring--we had to issue a subpoena to have one other person come testify before our committee on the IRS.    So, again, we'll have that debate. You're here to present us the facts. I think you presented those facts. I know you're not trying to come to the conclusion. That is for us to debate.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. I assume, Mr. Russell yields back at this point, and his time is well expired, but thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. All right. We now go to the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I'll now recognize myself.    So let's go back to 2011. It's June 3, 2011. Dave Camp, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee sends a letter to the IRS inquiring about what's going on with the targeting. We think that that letter arrives on June 6. We're just guessing. And then mysteriously, Lois Lerner's computer, it crashes on June 11. What a coincidence. Unbelievable. Right? Just unbelievable. Days later it crashes. It's reported on June 13. So it crashes on a Saturday at the IRS. You know precisely, as best you can tell, precisely where that is. There--I would guess there's presumably some sort of card reader that would tell who was on the floor, who was in that area. Did you look at that?    Chairman Chaffetz. They were degaussed? Is that what happened? They degaussed the card readers?    Chairman Chaffetz. Because it's a Saturday. There aren't going to be many people there, I'm guessing. And it just begs the question why? Why is this the policy? The whole reason you do the card reader is to prohibit some access, but that you have a record. And here we have a very serious investigation, and those records were degaussed. So it's just so frustrating that--that way.    When will you issue this report? I know you're right on the verge of this. Do you have a specific date as to when this will be issued?    Chairman Chaffetz. So Tuesday or so?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. Now I'd like to yield to the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thanks. Now recognize the gentleman from Maryland, the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Gentlemen, we want to thank you for your work, the work of the inspector general's office. Good people working hard looking at an awful lot of paperwork, and we do appreciate it. We look forward to seeing your final report, but please pass the word back to them how much we do appreciate their work. How much we rely on it as a body and as an institution and as a committee.    And with that, this committee will stand adjourned.