    Mr. Whitfield. I would like to call the hearing to order this morning. Today we are having a hearing on a draft bill, Title II of the 21st Century Workforce, and we have a distinguished panel of witnesses with us this morning. And I am not going to introduce you now, but I am going to introduce you just prior to your 5-minute statement. But we do thank you for joining us this morning. And I would like to recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    First, I want to thank Bobby Rush as well as Bill Flores, Gene Green, and Richard Hudson for sponsoring the bipartisan discussion draft that we will be talking about today entitled the 21st Century Workforce. This discussion draft will become part of our larger energy legislation that we will be rolling out in the weeks ahead. I have already complimented you, Bob, and thank you for coming.    As we all know, the domestic energy sector is undergoing dramatic changes. Thanks to American innovations, our decades of declining oil and natural gas production have given way to tremendous increases in output. The Energy Information Administration recently projected that the United States will eliminate net energy imports by the year 2030. This abundant and affordable energy is sparking new manufacturing activity in the United States.    America's energy and manufacturing renaissance is also leading to a jobs renaissance. Energy and energy-related employment has been one of the few economic bright spots in recent years, everything from those employed discovering and producing energy to those constructing and operating the infrastructure to transport it, to the new factories that are powered by it.    But America's energy transformation has some problems because we are now finding that we need more trained workers in these areas, skilled workers. So there are many opportunities out there, and this is what this legislation is all about, trying to assist in the development of these new job opportunities.    As you know, we have also had a lot of people lose their job as we make this transformation in energy. Certainly, in the coal sector they have been hit very hard. And so we have a great opportunity here. I know the Department of Energy has already expressed an interest in developing a jobs program, but we feel like it is important to provide some guidance in that, and as I said earlier, Bobby Rush has been talking about this for some time, and actually, his draft was the basis for this Title II.    So we have a unique opportunity here in our broader energy bill to address this issue, and that is what we hope to do. And we hope that your testimony will provide us some insights on your thoughts on this important subject.    Mr. Whitfield. And with that, at this time I would like to recognize the gentleman from Illinois for his opening statement.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this important hearing, and I must commend you and your staff for working with my office on the 21st Century Workforce bill. That is the focus of what we will be discussing here today.    Mr. Chairman, I hope that the same spirit of goodwill and negotiations that the minority and the majority sides that have displayed in working on this discussion draft can be carried forth as we continue to work on the remaining sections of a broader bipartisan comprehensive energy bill. The Nation is in need, waiting for it, and a Nation in need deserves a comprehensive energy bill.    I am also optimistic knowing that both sides continue to work diligently at a good faith on hammering out some of the more contentious outstanding issues so that hopefully we can bring forth a bill that helps move our Nation's energy policy forward and restores this subcommittee's reputation as a true model of what bipartisanship can accomplish.    Mr. Chairman, the 21st Century Workforce legislation addresses an issue that is neither partisan nor bipartisan, but rather it is non-partisan because this is an issue that benefits communities, benefits industry, and benefits the overall American economy. This bill brings together government agencies including the National Labs, the energy and manufacturing industry, unions, schools, community colleges, and universities among others and promotes collaboration to make sure that we are tapping into a wealth of under-utilized talent and training and preparing workers for the energy and manufacturing jobs both presently and of our future also.    Mr. Chairman, this bill is important because it matches up the needs of an industry and a willingness and able workforce, and in the process it helps start new cycles of hope, new cycles of opportunity for groups who have in many cases been overlooked and underserved. In fact, Mr. Chairman, it is my hope, my sincere hope, that if and when this bill is enacted, it would be instrumental in helping to create individuals with similar stories so that those we hear from today, their stories will be repeated time and time and time again, stories I might add like Mr. Wilson's from the Englewood community that is located in my district in Chicago, Mr. Wilson, who beat the odds and turned his life into an inspirational profile that can serve as a motivation to this Nation and to this Nation's young men all across this Nation.    Mr. Chairman, this legislation can help to open new pathways to jobs, new pathways to careers, new pathways entrepreneurial opportunities for women, for minorities, and for our veterans while also helping to move our overall economy forward by promoting STEM education as well as developing educational guidelines for institutions at all levels, from elementary to post-graduate university programs. This bill would help to ensure that we are training individuals with the skills necessary to work in the energy and manufacturing-related jobs including energy efficiency, energy conservation, from blue-collar workers to managers to supervisors up to and including new entrepreneurs and business creators.    So Mr. Chairman, again, I applaud you for holding this hearing today as well as working with me to make this issue a priority in what we hope will be a broader bipartisan, non-partisan energy and infrastructure bill. I look forward to engaging the witnesses that we have here today, and I welcome the witnesses. And with that, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you. The gentleman yields back the balance of his time. Mr. Upton is not here. Does anyone on our side of the aisle, they would like to take any of his time. OK. I see the gentleman from Texas is recognized for an opening statement.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back, and that concludes the opening statements. So now we will get to our panel of witnesses. Once again, thanks for being with us this morning. I will introduce you individually and give you each opportunity for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    So our first witness is Dr. Tracy Brundage who is the Vice President of the Workforce Development and Continuing Education at Pennsylvania College of Technology on behalf of Shale NET. So Dr. Brundage, you are recognized for 5 minutes, and the little red lights will come on when your 5 minutes is up. There are two little boxes on the desk, but we do look forward to your testimony. And thanks for being with us, and just be sure to turn the microphone on so we all can hear.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Dr. Brundage. And our next witness is Dr. Rick Jarvis, who is Vice President of Field Construction, Morrow-Meadows Corporation, on behalf of the National Electrical Contractors Association. So, Mr. Jarvis, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Mr. Jarvis. And our next witness is Dr. Ramanan Krishnamoorti who is the Chief Energy Officer at the University of Houston. And I am excited you all have a Chief Energy Officer down there at the University of Houston. But thanks for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Whitfield. And be sure to bring the microphone up close there.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you very much, Dr. Krishnamoorti. Our next witness is Monica Martinez who is the President of Hispanics in Energy. So thanks for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Would you mind just pulling the microphone a little bit closer?    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Wilson, and I thank all of you very much for your testimony. I will recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions, and then we will give everyone up here an opportunity.    Many of you have talked about programs that are already in existence, and Ms. Brundage, with Shale NET and Mr. Jarvis with the NECA labor union apprenticeship programs in which you all are doing at the University of Houston. And I was wondering, on the Hispanics in Energy, do you all have a training program or a program that is helping workers get into the energy sector?    Mr. Whitfield. They are not interconnected?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. And Mr. Wilson, you and Mr. Clark, in your program, do you all have training programs or is it more of a mentoring or how does it exactly----    Mr. Whitfield. So do all of you agree that this type of legislation would really be beneficial or does anyone have any suggestions on ways we could improve it? I am assuming all of you have read it.    Mr. Whitfield. OK. Dr. Krishnamoorti?    Mr. Whitfield. I think Ms. Martinez touched on a good point because it is awful easy to kind of be isolated out there and not have interconnection. So that is one. I am sorry, Dr. Brundage, did you want to make a comment?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you very much, Mr. Wilson, and my time has expired. So Mr. Rush, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. In a similar way, I dropped out, and I was 17 years old on my next birthday which was about 3 months later. I pleaded with my mother to sign. Let me go into the service. Three of my friends from the neighborhood, two of them went to the Marines and I went to the Army. And that is what gave me the wherewithal and to turn my life around. So again, parallel circumstances.    Thank you so very much. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time I recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Pitts, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. I wanted to make an announcement that we anticipate that there will be votes on the floor at about 11:15 or 11:20. And of course, we have 15 or 17 minutes to get over there. I think if we break for these votes, a lot of people will end up not coming back. So would you all object if everyone was given 3 minutes for questions? That way we would have maybe an opportunity for everyone to ask questions. Is that suitable with everybody? OK. Then Mr. McNerney of California will be recognized for 3 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, and they called this vote a lot earlier than we thought. They have already called the vote, but at this time right now, the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Harper, for 3 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Harper. Mr. Loebsack, you are recognized for 3 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for 3 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Maybe you could look at that, and then Mr. McKinley's staff could be back in touch with you----    Mr. Whitfield . To get your views. At this time I would like to recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 3 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized 3 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you very much. Mr. Sarbanes, you are recognized for 3 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you. At this time I recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Flores.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you very much, and I am sorry we were interrupted by these votes, but I think everyone had an opportunity to ask some questions. And thank you all for being with us, and we look forward to working with you as we try to put this package together in an effective way. We will keep the record open for 10 days for any additional submissions, and thank you once again. And we will adjourn today's hearing.