    Dr. Lunine. Thank you, Chairman Culberson, Ranking Member Honda, and members of the subcommittee. It is a wonderful opportunity to present my views on the search for life in the Ocean Worlds of our solar system but I am going to keep my remarks brief because the chairman and ranking member so well summarized why it is we want to go to each of these worlds.    But I do want to say that I personally feel passionately patriotic and proud of what our nation has accomplished in the exploration of the solar system. And I feel humbled personally to be a scientist participating in one of the greatest space odysseys ever undertaken, the Cassini mission to Saturn. This is an extraordinary voyage of discovery with which I have been involved essentially in the planning stages, when I was a graduate student, up to today. And this mission truly exemplifies the remarkable things that this nation can do, and in particular the remarkable things that the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, ably led by my friend and colleague, has been able to do over the years. These are historic missions and their impact is historic as well.    So both Cassini and its antecedent to Jupiter, the Galileo orbiter, have provided incontrovertible evidence that there are salt water oceans underneath the icy surfaces of three moons of the outer solar system, Europa at Jupiter, Enceladus and Titan at Saturn. And on Titan, Cassini has discovered vast seas of hydrocarbon liquids, methane and ethane, essentially hundreds of times more hydrocarbons than the known gas reserves on the Planet Earth.    Now Dr. Elachi has talked already at length about Europa and so I am not going to discuss that. But I want to make sure that everyone understands that I too find the exploration of Europa and the search for life there a top priority. So I am happy to answer questions about Europa.    But I will press on to Titan, which is larger than the Planet Mercury, the only moon to host a dense atmosphere of nitrogen and methane. Cassini and the European lander that it carried with it, Huygens, have revealed a methane hydrologic cycle, with clouds, rain, river valleys, vast seas, all involving methane and all going on in an unimaginably frigid environment. And yet Titan's surface has all of the formal requirements for life: abundant organics, liquids, and sources of energy. But because that liquid is not water we have to ask the question is this really a place that we want to go look for life? It would have to be very exotic life. But a 2007 National Research Council study in fact said that we should. And it said that Titan is a test for the universality of life as an outcome of cosmic evolution. So if we are going to look for life in those seas, the best way to do that is to land a capsule, float across the surface. That would be the first maritime exploration of an alien sea, which in and of itself would be an extraordinary adventure.    Now let me move on to Enceladus. Enceladus has not surprised scientists; it has completely shocked us. It is a very small moon and yet it has a plume of material pouring out into space from a series of fractures in its south polar region. And it was Cassini that discovered this plume of icy grains and vapor and then flew through that plume seven times, surviving each time. Thanks to the prodigious capability of its instruments, its chemical sniffers, Cassini has found not only water ice and water vapor, but also organic molecules, salt dissolved in the water, tiny grains of silica, all indicators that inside Enceladus, down in this small, liquid water salty ocean, is a hydrothermal system. A place in which water, organics, and minerals are heated together in the kind of chemical stew that many scientists think was the place where life began on Earth 4 billion years ago.    And there really is a subsurface ocean. Cassini is so powerful in terms of its scientific capability it has detected the presence of the ocean in two completely independent ways. And so if you look at all of the requirements for terrestrial type life, liquid water, organics, minerals, energy, chemical gradients, Enceladus has it all. And all that stuff is pouring out into space. It is not hidden beneath the surface. And so as far as we understand it today Enceladus provides us with the most straightforward way to look for signs of life, given the compelling evidence that much of the gas and the grains are being expelled from the interior ocean.    So let me make this very clear. To sample the plume of Enceladus is to sample the ocean beneath the surface. So merely flying through the plume, as Cassini has done, but with instrumentation more modern then Cassini's, is sufficient to search for signs of life. And this can be done for well below the cost of a flagship mission and it can be done with instruments available for flight today.    So let me summarize by saying that discovering life on or within the Ocean Worlds of our own solar system may provide unexpected and as yet hard to predict practical benefits, something that Carl Sagan pointed out many decades ago. But more profoundly it will inevitably direct our attention to the Milky Way Galaxy beyond the confines of our own planetary system. If life can begin two or three or four times in our own solar system, then the number of planets in the galaxy as a whole that harbor life must be enormously great. And then how could we resist taking the leap beyond our solar system to explore the vast spaces between the stars for life there?    Thank you very much for the opportunity to talk to you today.    Dr. Lunine. Well I am not sure I would agree with that statement. But the Europa fly-by mission is very, very well instrumented to address astrobiology goals. And in fact within the organization of the mission itself we have what is called a habitability working group to look at how these instruments can address those goals. And so there is an instrument that will look for organics on the surface that might have been deposited from the interior. We must understand whether Europa has carbon bearing compounds, organic molecules. We do not know that today and that is a key ingredient for habitability because that is what life as we know it is made of. And there are two instruments, mass spectrometers, that will actually sample Europa material directly on the fly-by spacecraft. If there is a plume, they will sample material in the plume. If not, they will actually sample material that has been deposited on the surface that gets bombarded by micrometeoroids and is then lofted into the atmosphere. And both of those instruments can measure the composition, look for organics as well, and even possibly look for clues that there might be a hydrothermal system in Europa's interior. So I think we are going to get a great deal of information on the habitability of Europa just from the fly-bys themselves, and then a lander of course would provide in situ information to add to that.    Dr. Lunine. Yes. And then just very briefly, Congressman Honda, there is a very important distinction that has to be made between habitability and looking for life itself. And in the case of Europa we are still at the stage of determining whether Europa is habitable. The saltwater ocean indeed seems to be there. But what we still do not know yet is whether there are organic molecules. In Europa it is possible that there were never any, or they have all been essentially exsolved into space in some way. So that is crucial. And then the whole issue of whether there are hydrothermal systems at the base of the ocean to generate the gradients in energy that life would need, we need the clues again from the minerals that might be coming out of plumes that might be deposited on the surface. So the mission as it is constructed today will really address the habitability of Europa. And if those indicators are positive then going after the question of whether life actually exists there becomes the primary goal at that point.    Dr. Lunine. So I have participated in some of the discussions on the lander payload and it is a very carefully selected payload that is designed to give us the essential information we really need to go the next step to look for life, if in fact everything turns out to be positive.    And so one of the things that is essential about the lander is the ability to sample deposits that are on the surface that may be partially covered up that may not in fact be exposed to the orbiter remote sensing. And so we want to have the opportunity to use both the fly-by spacecraft and the lander together to select the right landing site, to put the lander there and then to sample the materials in situ.    And we may get lucky with that in situ analysis. I mean, we may actually find evidence that the organic molecules are being modified in some way by biological processes.    Dr. Lunine. That is the only way to be sure, but it has got to be done in concert with that fly-by spacecraft----    Dr. Lunine . Because we need to understand what the nature of the surface is at a level of resolution good enough that a lander can be put in the right place.    Dr. Lunine. Well, and I just wanted to add that you mentioned having a mass spectrometer and Raman allows you to have backup and have two ways of detecting the organics, the Raman also gives you some information on structure that is important that you may not get from the mass spectrometer, and understanding aspects of the structure of the organics in telling how fresh they are and where they come from. Were they part of a biological process of some kind or were they not?    Dr. Lunine. Well, let me talk about the life test and then I will ask Dr. Elachi to talk about the questions of certifying the surface for a safe landing, which is really a different subject.    So I think that the fly-by spacecraft will be able to pretty quickly tell us the coarse essentials about habitability. You know, does it see that there are deposits of organics on the surface. It is not going to be able to tell us in detail what the organics are, but it will tell us whether there are carbon-bearing molecules near the fractures, for example, which we don't know and Galileo was not able to tell us.    Galileo was able to tell us that the ocean is there and salty. There are indications of salt deposits on the surface, but again Galileo couldn't tell us which kinds of salts. So we really for Europa have this rudimentary information that I think the fly-by spacecraft will very quickly develop into a full profile of how habitable Europa really is.    And then of course the next step, both from the fly-by spacecraft and from a lander, is to determine whether there is biological activity. There are a number of ways to do that. Of course direct detection of organisms requires potentially very elaborate instrumentation. It is better to analyze if there are fresh organics on the surface to look for evidence of a preponderance of left-handed or a deficit of right-handed, or vice versa, organic molecules, if there are amino acids. And in general----    Dr. Lunine. Yes?    Dr. Lunine. Yes. So life of course life on earth, it is all biochemically the same, we have no other example of life. And the amino acids that life uses, with only small exceptions, all have a particular orientation or handedness, the way that the carbon atoms are attached to the molecules themselves, and that actually allows the amino acids when they are arrayed in the chain to make a protein, to actually allow that chain to fold properly to make the protein. If you had a mixture of the left-handed and the mirror form, if you had a random assortment, when they are arrayed on a chain, you don't get a protein.    Now, it doesn't matter if it is left-handed or right- handed. It could be all right-handed or it could be all left-handed, but it has got to be one or the other. And so identifying, first of all, if there are amino acids and, secondly, are they all left or all right, is one very powerful example of a life test, a test for life.    Dr. Lunine. That's chirality, exactly.    Do you want to talk about the surface?    Dr. Lunine. Well, the only way to do that would be if Europa had a plume. If it has got a plume of material where you have fresh material pouring out of the ocean that can be sampled by instruments, potentially it could do that. However, the Europa fly-by spacecraft doesn't actually have a device for measuring chirality, and that is actually a fairly complex type of instrument.    Dr. Lunine. To measure the left--excuse me, sorry--to measure left versus right-handed, that is not part of the payload. It can detect molecules, but it can't tell you what the structure is in terms of left or right-handed. And that is a type of instrument that requires some development, probably should be on a lander.    Dr. Lunine. In fresh material that has not been damaged by the radiation field.    Dr. Lunine. This is a very interesting question. It is a very young surface, there is only one really old, large crater on one part of Europa. And there are places on the surface where the crust may be as thin as a few hundred meters perhaps, places where you see these cycloidal ridges that appear to be a response to the tidal pull, the tidal stresses as Europa goes around Jupiter, those are the places where the crust may be very thin. There are other places, for example where this one crater Pwyll is located where the crust appears to be thick, it may be 10 or 20 kilometers thick.    So you have to imagine that, as you said, Mr. Chairman, this free-floating ice shell just has a variation in thickness as you go around Europa. And one of the important goals of this mission is to determine, you know, the ice thickness in various places and determine where the ocean is really closest to the surface.    Dr. Lunine. Yes, this is a very interesting aspect of Europa that this may in fact be a primary source of energy for life are these oxygen atoms that have, as you said, the hydrogen has been stripped and then these very oxidized species, peroxides and so on, are being introduced into the ocean. By one estimate and one paper I read, there may be as much energy from that as we have in certain oxygen-rich aerobic systems in the Earth's oceans.    Now, you wouldn't want to try to form life in that environment, right? Because oxygen is a destroyer of organic compounds. So we would also like to know whether there are places in the deep ocean of Europa which are not exposed to quite that much oxygen or at least were not in the past, because in order to actually build these organic molecules before life itself began, you would have had to have had a relatively oxygen-free environment.    Dr. Lunine. Yes, that is a very interesting question for Europa. And the fact that it is a large body that has a large rock core makes it likely that there is some sort of hydrothermal circulation of water through the hot rock. Now, whether it is a black smoker or some of these other types of what are called off-axis hydrothermal systems that are a little bit cooler is not really clear. And one of the goals of this mission, by determining what are the kinds of salts that have been deposited from the interior and what other kinds of mineral evidence might there be on the surface, we might be able to know what type of hydrothermal system is present.    On Enceladus, what is interesting is that the Cassini data from the mass spectrometers are good enough that the pH, the acidity of the ocean has been estimated from those data, and as well the temperature in a very sort of crude way, from these silica particles that have been sampled by Cassini. And those data suggest that there is a hydrothermal system at the base of the Enceladus ocean, and it is more like the low-temperature hydrothermal systems on Earth that are off the mid-ocean ridge, off of the axis. There is one called Lost City, for example, and it has a temperature of about 50 Celsius and it has a high pH, as Enceladus does. It has a different kind of chemistry and that is what looks like might be happening at the base of the Enceladus ocean.    So it will be very intriguing to see what is happening in the Europa ocean, whether it is similar to that or more similar to the higher temperature black smokers.    Dr. Lunine. As far as everything we know today, yes, that is right. And what we don't know today is how much carbon and nitrogen-bearing material is in Europa and we really need to know that.    And if I may, Mr. Chairman, the first proposal that I wrote for an instrument on a Europa mission was in 1999. And so some of us have been waiting 17 years for a mission to get going, and that was of course just two years after Galileo discovered evidence for the ocean through its magnetometer. So, you know, I have to say that it is past time to get to Europa, and the sooner that we can get there to explore this incredibly fascinating moon that may well hold life, the better.    Dr. Lunine. Yes, that is correct, absolutely.    Dr. Lunine. Yes, yes, it is a free-floating ice shell. It is thicker, it is about 30 kilometers thick, as far as we can tell. So we really are depending on the plume, sampling material coming out through the fractures into space in order to learn more about that ocean's habitability and the possibility that life is present.    Dr. Lunine. Well, there is a liquid water ocean on Titan and in fact the Cassini evidence is that it is also a decoupled shell, but it is very deep. It is at least 60 kilometers and it may be more like a hundred kilometers below the surface.    So of all three of those bodies, sampling material from the Titan subsurface water ocean is going to be the most difficult target. But there are also these hydrocarbon seas on the surface and they may be an interesting target, and they are exposed to the atmosphere, you can land on those.    Dr. Lunine. Two orders of magnitude.    Dr. Lunine. Well, we have some evidence for an ocean in Callisto, which is one of the other Galilean moons of Jupiter. It might be a very thin ocean. It is somewhat mysterious that it would have one, because it seems to be rather cold and dead, but the evidence seems to be there.    Triton, which is a moon of Neptune, is very intriguing because it's a large satellite, it was probably captured from the kuiper belt, it is the size of Pluto, and it has some activity on its surface. When Voyager 2 flew by in 1989, it found that there were these plumes of material coming up that deposit dark streaks across the surface. And while there are some models that say that this is just driven by solar heating of the surface, the fact that we don't see this on Pluto in the same way suggests that maybe this is actually internal activity that is being expressed at the surface.    So Triton is another object that might have an ocean. It is a long way away. I mean, Neptune is at the edge of the solar system.    Dr. Lunine. We don't know, because, you know, Uranus is tipped on its side. And so when Voyager 2 flew by Uranus, it was essentially a bull's eye where the whole satellite orbits were face-on. And the whole fly-by was quick, it was basically through the target and the spacecraft had to look very quickly and take a few pictures of each moon. We just don't know very much at all about those moons and going back at some point and understanding more about them is very interesting. They are large, four of them are large, they might have oceans, but we just don't have any evidence.    Dr. Lunine. So, well, Pluto, just based on its density, was thought to be an ice-rock world. What is surprising about it is that there is a lot of geology, that the ice itself seems to have been modified by geologic processes. And there are deposits on the surface of other ices, nitrogen ice, carbon monoxide, methane, which themselves have been flowing across the surface. So it is a very complicated world. The way it looks geologically suggests that maybe in fact there is activity inside Pluto that has heated it and melted the water ice. Now, whether that is still going on today, we don't know.    But every place we go in the outer solar system is a surprise. There is much more activity, there is much more dynamism, if you will, in these bodies than I think any of us would have predicted.    Dr. Lunine. Absolutely, yes, there is a huge amount of water in the outer solar system.    Dr. Lunine. Well, yes, I would only add that of course the opportunity to be able to determine the composition of the atmospheres of Earth-size planets around other stars is the ultimate goal. And in a way this has already started, because with Hubble and with Spitzer it has been possible to determine the atmospheric composition of large planets, giant planets, using the transit technique. And the James Webb Space Telescope will extend that down to super-earths, objects that are two or maybe three times the size of our own Earth. That will tell us a lot already about whether these super earths are like our own Earth in terms of atmospheric composition or perhaps are more like Uranus and Neptune, small versions of those planets.    I mean, clearly beyond that, if we want to be able to determine whether there really are habitable earths the size of our own planet, we will have to take the next step and that would have to be done beyond JWST, maybe with WFIRST, maybe with something else.    Dr. Lunine. Well, yes, that would be the smoking gun. But because I am not involved in WFIRST, I should ask Dr. Elachi to describe the capability.    Dr. Lunine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.