    Mr. Quinto. Good morning, Chairman Salmon, Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Sherman, Congressman Rohrabacher, Congresswoman Chu. I am Joey Quinto, publisher of California Journal for Filipino Americans.    I am here today because I am a land-grabbing victim, in particular a victim of land-locking by a well-connected and powerful military general in the Philippines.    My family has two properties in Antipolo, Philippines. But a retired military general has been blocking the access road for many years now, so we and the more than 700 land parcel owners could not enter our properties.    The general, who has a two-story house, gates and fences with security personnel blocking the access roads, does not own land in Antipolo as per the Assessor, and does not have a building permit as per the Antipolo City Hall.    The general is a chairman of a savings and loan. The Central Bank is the regulator. Under Republic Act 8791, it states that all directors of a supervised institution should possess honesty and integrity. I requested the Philippine Central Bank to open an inquiry, but they declined my request.    I also have given the documents to some government agencies, but none of the agencies have done any action to stop the general from blocking the access road. This is lack of government accountability, no rule of law, and no respect of property rights.    The Department of Environment and Natural Resources tried to do their inspection to our properties, but they were stopped by the security personnel of the general.    In another circumstance, the mayor stated in a letter to the ombudsman that the City Hall's personnel, together with the Philippine National Police and the SWAT team, tried to enter but they were stopped by the security personnel of the military general.    Clearly, this general has the power to stop the Philippine laws from being enforced. He is either above the law or simply being tolerated by the Philippine Government.    The Philippine Republic Act 6713 requires all public officials and employees to respond within 15 days to any communications sent by the public. Disappointingly, numerous government agencies have been disregarding Republic Act 6713. In fact, I have been requesting the police chief for a copy of the letter the general has given him addressed to the Philippine Central Bank. But for more than 130 days now, the said letter has not been given to me.    The Department of Interior of the Local Government, the DILG, is a national government agency that has direct jurisdiction to the police and local government. I requested the DILG to call on the police chief to give me a copy of the letter from the general, but they were helpless. Even the mayor, who finally issued a violation of illegal structures to the general, has not acted completely against him. It has been more than 15 days now that I have requested a condemnation letter and removal of the illegal structures of the general, but I have not received any reply.    I also requested the DILG to call on the mayor to execute the notice of removal of illegal structures, but they have not exercised their jurisdiction to the mayor.    The culture of delay and no response could be considered a violation of Republic Act 6713. The general is just one of the many abusive individuals in the Philippines.    Let me now cite some victims who are suffering because of land grabbers.    Mr. Pablo left the Philippines because the land grabbers wanted to kill him. This is with a police report.    Mr. Cabrillos has been trapped in a corrupt court system. It has been 15 years of no progress on his fight for his land.    Mrs. Bolozzos stated that the land grabber burned her house with the intention of killing her.    And a family in Cebu did not get any protection and help from the police against a military officer who built fences around their property.    The Philippine Government should follow the guidelines of the U.S. grants that come from American taxpayers.    With the help of the U.S., I hope that the rule of law, property rights, transparency, good governance, and government accountability could be enforced in the Philippines so land grabbing could be resolved.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Quinto. Thank you for that question, Ranking Member. I have spoken to the former president of the First American Title Company. They were hired by the World Bank to fix the titling system in the Philippines. After a month they came back, and I asked them why, don't you want to be paid? They said, Joey, it is hopeless. Once they come in there, Ranking Member, if someone claims, they have to pay for the losses. They said the first thing they have to do is stop the corruption.    There are instances wherein one property, the same property, has 10 owners, and they found out this cannot be done by the other 9. They would not go into a public office and put it into the computer. Someone inside the office would do it. That is corruption.    So when they came back here, they told me, Joey, it is hopeless. The first thing is they have to stop the corruption.    Mr. Quinto. It is hard to speak for other instances, Ranking Member, but in terms of real estate losses, just like Mr. Cabrillos, he gave us a certified and under-oath letter that he was encouraged by the Philippine Government to sue, and he sued the land grabbers. The only thing, it has been 15 years now and the paper is not moving at all. So the land grabbers, they control the judicial system.    Mr. Quinto. With the example of Mr. Cabrillos, Ranking Member, they are still paying the taxes because they know if they default it will go to tax sale, so they are wise.    In my case, we still continue to pay the property taxes.    Mr. Quinto. You know, they are waiting for us to give up on paying the property taxes so that they could buy from the city hall.    Mr. Quinto. I will talk about my specific case, Ranking Member. It is beside a golf course, and it is not my fault if that golf course was designed by Arnold Palmer. They know how precious is that land. Right now, the value is zero because we cannot use it.    Mr. Quinto. Chairman Royce, to answer the question about how the local government could implement or enforce a law, the DLIG, the Department of Interior of the local government, is a national agency that has direct jurisdiction to the local government, to the mayor, to all the local employees over there. But the problem is the DILG is not enforcing their jurisdiction, their mandate. It is mandated by law for them to exercise their jurisdiction.    So I think it is also the local government and the national government or the Federal Government. When it comes to President Aquino, he wants to be successful in the anti-corruption initiative, but the problem is there are so many people in the Philippines who do not want him to be successful.    Since the United States is giving $\1/2\ billion to the Philippines as foreign aid, that is an investment that is coming from the American taxpayers. I remember when the Millennium Challenge Corporation CEO answered your question about putting conditions on foreign funding. She said if the property rights would be an issue, she would look at it. I think it is about time for the United States to put conditions on the funding of the Philippines until they reform. This was done during the Aroya administration as well, wherein they put conditions until they reformed, so there is historical data to that.    Mr. Quinto. Thank you for that question, Dr. Chu, Congresswoman Chu. A lot of families in the Philippines do not want to be telling their stories because they fear the land grabbers. They have powerful guns. For the Philippine Americans, it is about time for the Philippine Americans also to know they are Americans, and no one, no American should be hurt anywhere in the world because America would look for that person, because Philippine Americans, Cambodian Americans, we are all Americans. So they could hurt us, but America would find them.    When it comes to our personal safety, me myself, I am fearful. I am dealing with this general. If the Philippine Government is scared of him, how much more me? I would not say I am brave. I am scared of him, because imagine the powerful Philippine Government is not moving at all. They are scared of him.    So, yes, we are fearful to face the land grabbers. But it is also the job of the Philippine Government--in fact, the Consul General of the Philippines also told the Philippine Government, he asked them in an interagency meeting, he asked them who is the government? Is he the government, or are we the government? Why could we not implement and enforce the laws? And no one answered the question.    Mr. Quinto. When Chairman Royce asked that question to Ms. Hyde, the CEO of the Millennium Challenge in the budget hearing on the conditions, the CEO of the Millennium Challenge, Ms. Hyde, said that if the land tenure is a problem, she will look into it, because all of the money that is coming from Millennium Challenge, the $\1/2\ billion, has guidelines, which is government accountability, rule of law, respect for property rights. And if they are not following those guidelines, the Philippines is in violation of the compact, the agreement.    While we want the Philippines to be progressive, we also want everyone to have economic opportunity, not only for the few but for everyone. The land grabbing victims are not having any economic opportunities.    So, to answer the question, in fact, Congressman Ted Lew sent a letter to Ms. Hyde, and she responded to communicate also this thing to the State Department. So they are waiting for the State Department also to make an action.    Opportunity is here now. If you put conditions to the upcoming compact, I think the Philippines would reform in a few hours. They would say, ``We'll do it.'' They would not wait for 1 year because there is a condition. America doesn't want American taxpayers that goes to waste, because if the Philippine Government would not follow the guidelines of the foreign funding, that is called wasteful spending.    So I think conditions should be put on the next compact that is coming to the Philippines.    Mr. Quinto. Yes, because I think MCC CEO is also waiting for an answer from the State Department. The land grabbing victims--what I have been telling the Philippine Government, Congresswoman, is if these people would be able to get into their land, it would create employment. The biggest problem in the Philippines now is employment. I said who would be the carpenter? Who would be the plumber? Who would be the electrician? Do you think the owners? They would hire contractors. And these farms, do you think they would be the ones taking care of all this livestock? They would hire people, and they would have more income. They have problems with tax collection, low tax collection. They would have more tax collection. They would have more employment being built.    So this is the same thing as what Hernando de Soto reported to Congressman Royce, creating a bigger economy.