    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you, gentlemen. I am going to run through a few questions in different parts of the world, the first starting with Iran. I know that our intelligence in the past has been relatively limited or poor, and I am wondering now in the post-Iran deal world that we are living in how your intelligence picture has changed or improved, or what you are looking at in helping us both as we are looking at the implementation of the deal, but also what is happening in Iran overall.    General Stewart. I hate to do this, I really do, but I would like to take this to a closed session.    Ms. Gabbard. Okay. I thought you would say that.    General Stewart. Because I think talking about where our footprint and where our opportunities might be would----    Ms. Gabbard. Sure. Moving over to Eastern Europe, what would you say Russia's priorities are, given their actions and activities in Syria as well as Ukraine? And then also on the Ukraine side, how much and how effectively have you seen the Ukrainian military using their new special forces and unconventional tactics against the so-called Russian separatists there along the border?    General Stewart. I am going to take the first question, and then maybe General Marrs will take the Ukrainian question.    Russia has not lost sight of Ukraine as an important, maybe even vital, interest to be included as part of the Russian Federation. So I view their activity in Syria as multidimensional, one of which is, how do we take the international community's focus off of Ukraine while we keep it in this state of isolated conflict and maybe cause the Ukrainian regime to do something that falls outside of the Minsk agreement and, therefore, allows Russia to continue its activity. So I think part of--one of the things that I believe Russia has done in Syria is taken our attention off of the Ukraine. And I suspect that at some point they will come back to Ukraine either under the guise that, we have solved the problem for you in the West by our actions in Syria, therefore, you ought to lift your concerns, your restrictions, and your sanctions against our activities in Ukraine, and you ought to give us some dividend, and that dividend might be defined as, your hands off of Ukraine, because it is part of our sphere of influence.    So I think this is a very--and maybe I am ascribing too much to the Russian thinking, but I think this is part of the grand plan that Ukraine remains in a state of conflict, but never lose sight of the fact that Ukraine must be part of the Russian sphere of influence and outside of the West's.    General Marrs. And I think my answer to your second question regarding the effectiveness of the Ukrainian special forces has been improved and, I think, led to an increased stability--or increased agility on the part of Ukraine to respond to separatists' actions.    Ms. Gabbard. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Nugent.