    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I thank you for holding this hearing. I think it is a very important hearing.    This morning, as I read over the testimony from the subcommittee hearing that took place about a month ago, I could not help but feel a deep sense of sorrow for Mr. Shaw and his family, and Mr. Ronnebeck and his family. As one who experienced the murder of my nephew, who was like a son to me, three and a half years ago, I know the pain that comes with that, to see a young person's life snuffed out. So I can understand, Mr. Chairman, how you feel.    And that puts a lot of weight on you, Assistant Secretary Saldana, and I hope you can understand that members on both sides of the aisle have our concerns and have a lot of concern about this. So I want to thank you for being here, and I am sure you will explain exactly what your priorities are and how those things are laid out, and hopefully talk about the court decisions that dictate how you do what you do.    There are about 11 million undocumented immigrants in our Country today. Many of these people are from hard-working, taxpaying families simply looking for a better life. Many have lived here since they were children and many have raised children of their own. They are the ones that I met this weekend, about 150 of them, who were law-abiding people, and the thing that they said to me over and over again is why do they consider us all criminals. They also said that they simply wanted to keep their families together.    I heard firsthand how they live in fear and uncertainty about their futures. They work hard and make their homes in our neighborhoods; yet they live every day in the dangerous outskirts of our society. Almost everyone agrees that our immigration system is broken. That is right, this is not a bulletin coming over the wire. Everybody knows the system is broken.    In the last Congress, the Senate passed legislation supported by Democrats and Republicans that would have offered a comprehensive approach to this problem. The bill not only would have provided a responsible path to citizenship for those who passed background checks and meet other requirements, but it also would have improved our visa systems and established stronger enforcement mechanisms.    The House Republicans refused, refused to call up this bill for a vote. I guarantee you, if it had been called up for a vote, it would have passed.    Despite Speaker Boehner's pledge to address comprehensive immigration reform, a minority of House members in the Republican party stood in the way, blocking, blocking comprehensive reform. As a result, in November, I joined with 116 of my colleagues urging President Obama to use his executive authority to address some of the problems facing our immigration system.    On November 20th, 2014, the Administration took a series of steps to strengthen enforcement, enhance public safety, and temporarily provide peace of mind to qualifying immigrants. In response, House Republicans attacked the Administration's actions, even as they refused to act themselves. For example, they held up funding for the Department of Homeland Security and they criticized the Administration for not removing immigrants who commit crimes.    Let me make a few points for the record in response to this claim. The Obama Administration has removed more people from this Country than any administration in history. Removals hit an all-time high of 438,421 individuals in 2013.    Now, Secretary Saldana, as I read the transcript, there was an issue as to the counting and how that counting was done. I would like for you to talk about that. There was an issue as to whether this Administration is counting differently than past administrations.    Under the Obama Administration, criminal removals have also reached record highs. They have more than doubled from the prior administration, increasing from 84,000 in 2003 to 2007 in 2012.    With respect to the release of immigrant criminals, the Administration is bound by court cases and immigration judge rulings that require releases in many instances. In other cases, DHS releases detainees on a discretionary basis after weighing risk factors, including criminal records, medical histories, and flight risk.    These are the same types of factors routinely considered by local, State, and Federal law enforcement agencies every single day for the general population. In fact, according to an April 2014 report issued by the Department of Justice, the recidivism rate after 12 months for prisoners released across 30 States is more than 20 percent. In contrast, DHS data on immigrant criminals released in Fiscal Year 2013 shows a recidivism rate of less than 3 percent.    I want to be clear here. These decisions are not easy, and the dangers of recidivism are very, very real. Personally, I would be devaStated to learn that someone who injured or killed a member of my family had been in custody, but was released. And I would feel exactly the same way regardless of whether the attacker was an immigrant or a United States citizen.    We have the ability to work together to tackle these issues. That is what the American people want. They do not want us walking away from the hard problems, leaving them on the table when we go home.    The fact is that the comprehensive immigration bill adopted by the Senate on a bipartisan basis would have doubled the number of Border Patrol agents, established an improved system for employers to verify their workers' legal status, and provided new security measures along the border. But it was never allowed a vote in the House of Representatives. So it is time to reach out across the aisle and pass comprehensive immigration reform legislation.    So I look forward to your testimony.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Chairman? Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Cummings. Would you let her respond to what you just said? I think that would benefit the whole committee.    Mr. Cummings. Why is it that the budget requests have gone down?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Chairman, as has become the custom in our committee, when we have folks coming before us and they say that they are going to get something done, I would like for us to have some kind of deadline so that you can come back. The gentleman asked some good questions. I just want to make sure we followup.    Mr. Cummings. Madam Secretary, what we were asking about before, Mr. Hice had asked you some questions about when the things that you announced yesterday, I think, would be up and running. That is the deadline that we were talking about.    See, what happens, madam, is that after being here for 18 years, one of the things I have noticed is that people will come in, tell us they are going to do things, and we don't followup. They wait until another Congress, and it never gets done. So what we are trying to do, and I applaud the chairman for this, we are trying to--you tell us when, and then we need to bring you back in or somebody back in to say it was done. OK? So tell us. You know what I am talking about, right?    Mr. Cummings. Is your mic on? Because I want us to be clear. I want our expectations to be clear with each other.    Mr. Cummings. Tell me what it is that you will be doing so that we will all be clear.    Mr. Cummings. Are done. OK.    Mr. Cummings. OK. Now, tell me No. 4, because that is where I want to go.    Mr. Cummings. When can you give us a date? I want you to tell us when you can give us a date so that we will be certain. I want you to be real clear why I am saying this. Life is short, and I want to be effective and efficient in every single thing I do, even if it is going to that door. So we want to make sure that we get back so we have some kind of check, that is all.    Mr. Cummings. OK, so you will let us know by?    Mr. Cummings. OK. That is good.    Mr. Cummings. All right. OK. All right.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just trying to be effective and efficient.    Assistant Secretary, according to publicly released information, 36,000, we have heard this figure over and over again, criminal immigrant detainees were released during Fiscal Year 2013. Is that correct?    Mr. Cummings. OK. Well, DHS determined that 1,000 of these individuals were since convicted of new crimes. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. So if I did my math right, that is about 2.8 percent recidivism rate, is that about in that vicinity?    Mr. Cummings. OK. And in April 2014, the Department of Justice issued a report on recidivism, and I ask unanimous consent to enter that report in the record.    Mr. Cummings. This report shows that prisoners released in 30 U.S. States at the 12-month mark had a recidivism conviction rate of more than 20 percent. Does that surprise you?    Mr. Cummings. By the way, as a lawyer, I can tell you that I have a lot of respect for U.S. attorneys. I don't know whether you were leaving the U.S. attorney's spot to come to this one. I don't know why you did that.    Mr. Cummings. No. But I am just saying you are held in high esteem.    But how do you believe ICE officials are performing, given a recidivism rate of 2.8 percent? Are you satisfied?    Mr. Cummings. Yes, I would too.    Mr. Cummings. Well, that leads me to my next question. What are you doing to further improve the risk assessment processes that ICE officials use for the release of criminal detainees? And are those criteria for risk assessment, are they reviewed at any time? Do you review them and change them?    Mr. Cummings. Yes.    Mr. Cummings. I understand.    Mr. Cummings. So my sense is that if we want to talk about recidivism rates, let's do that, but let's not narrowly assume that the struggles that ICE faces are unique among law enforcement agencies.    Mr. Cummings. I think about a judge. One reason why I have never been asked to be a judge is because it is hard to judge sometimes. I mean, in other words, you have to assess a situation, in sentencing, for example, and try to figure out what fits in this particular instance.    I also understand that ICE uses alternatives to detention and that ICE's full service program has a 95 percent success rate. Can you explain how alternatives to detention work? What is that?    Mr. Cummings. Just one more question, Mr. Chairman. Let me ask you, what are the alternatives? Is there more than one?    Mr. Cummings. In the prison cell.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Madam Secretary, I want to thank you very much for your testimony. It is clear that you have a very, very difficult job and calls for a lot of balancing; and the people who work with you, they have very difficult jobs, and I am sure they quite often come under criticism and it is not easy sometimes. But I just want to take a moment to thank you and to thank them for what they do every day.    As I sat here and I keep listening to you, I can't help but just keep in mind, and I hope all members understand the significance of a former U.S. attorney. That is serious business. And you have sworn to uphold the law. As a matter of fact, I am sure you put a lot of people in prison as a U.S. attorney. So I think we need to keep in mind that people are doing the best they can with the tools that they have.    Sadly, there will be folks who will fall through the cracks, people who should not be on the street. It happens, unfortunately. And like I told you, when I think about the pain of the witnesses that testified in our last hearing, talking about their loved ones, I can relate big time. The idea of having a young person's life snuffed out and then mourning for the rest of your life of what could have been for them. So, again, you have our support.    I want to remind you to get back to us with regard to the information we requested and thank you.