    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and as chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee let us not forget that Iran is very active in the Western Hemisphere as well.    I would like to yield some time to the gentleman from California to have his question answered. He was on the right track.    Mr. Duncan. I reclaim my time.    Mr. Chairman, I just don't think the majority of the American people agree with the Obama administration that this--that this deal will lead to a nuclear bomb. The American people don't want to see Iran with a nuclear bomb and regardless of whether that is next year, whether that is 10 years or 15 years down the road.    In fact, 367 Members of Congress wrote a final comprehensive nuclear agreement must constrain Iran's nuclear infrastructure so that Iran has no pathway to a bomb and that verifiable constraints on Iran's nuclear program must last for decades.    I stand by that today. That ought to be the position of the United States Congress in approving any deal that is brought before us by the Obama administration. The problem is, and I agree with the New York Times on this--hard for me to say--but their analysis said that the one problem is there is two versions of this.    You have got the version that the Obama administration has shared with the American people and then you got a version that Iran has rolled out of what this framework looks like. I would just end with this.    As recently as April 19th, General Hossein Salami, deputy head of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps, reiterated this, in his words: ``They,'' meaning the inspectors, meaning the U.S. and the U.N., ``they will not even be permitted to inspect the most normal military site in their dreams. Visiting a military base by a foreign inspector would mean the occupation of our land because all of our defense secrets are there. Even talking about that subject means national humiliation.''    If that is the position the Iranians are taking in this, this whole negotiation of the P5+1 is a farce, with Iran hoping to enter the nuclear community and have a bomb. The problem with Iran entering the nuclear community is they are unlike any other nation that has the bomb to this day.    They have urged and pledged death to America and death to Israel. That make Iran different. That is why it is imperative that they do not get a nuclear weapon.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.