    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Job creators detest uncertainty. And let's make one thing clear: This proposed regulation does not provide certainty. Now, in the spirit of the Super Bowl upcoming, let me explain with an analogy.    If a quarterback knew what defense was going to be put up against him, he knew with certainty what defense, he would logarithmically likely be able to move the ball down the field much more easily if he knew with certainty what he faces. And this is what applies to this regulation. It provides no certainty to the business community.    Let me give you three examples. And you have already heard our two chairmen talk about that. But let me reinforce it again. The rule results in potentially conflicting Federal and State requirements. Federal judges in neighboring jurisdictions could make contradictory decisions regarding compliance.    But more damaging is on page 18 of the rule. It says--and I quote--``This rule defers a final determination until additional information is available.'' That is not acceptable. How many times must there be a final determination that coal ash is not hazardous and be handled in a different way?    In the 112th and the 113th Congresses, the House passed legislation codifying the conclusions that were rendered in the 1993 and 2000 reports offered by the EPA. We are trying to develop certainty, certainty not just to the business community, but to the health of the people we are trying to protect.    In fact, Mr. Stanislaus--and I thank you very much because we have had a very good working relationship--you said in 2013 that the legislation that we passed was something that you could work with. That is what we want to keep working with. We want to keep that relationship going to come up with certainty how that could go.    So the bottom line, unfortunately, is we have a regulation that doesn't provide certainty. It would be wise for the committee to once again pass the legislation that we have done over the last 2 years and bring closure to this issue. Thank you.    And I yield back my time.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, again, for your appearing. And, again, as I said in my opening remarks, I appreciate the working relationship we have had with you.    Just a couple, maybe four quick questions, three or four quick questions, two of which, Mr. Stanislaus, might be just ``yes'' or ``no.''    But the first one is, do you personally think that coal ash is a hazardous material?    Mr. McKinley. ``Yes'' or ``no''?    Mr. McKinley. Just in and of itself as a material, whether it is in concrete, drywall, or liners----    Mr. McKinley. Let me go from there. Would the legislation we passed over the last two Congresses, in the 112th and 113th, would that have created certainty within the recyclers and the utility industry?    Mr. McKinley. You don't think it would?    Mr. McKinley. Well, no, I am not talking about the rule. I am talking about the bill that we have. Because, again, Mr. Stanislaus, we are all about certainty. I come from the business world. We need to have certainty. And that legislation was trying to get that. Unfortunately, I believe, I know it was a reasonable effort, but it doesn't create certainty.    So my last question might be that this proposed rule provides us no assurance that coal ash will not be regulated as a hazardous waste in the future, so could you explain the Agency's justification for leaving that door open and almost deliberately causing uncertainty on this issue? Can you explain why they kept the door open instead of closing it so that we could advance?    Mr. McKinley. Well, how do you deal with that, that--and on page 18 it says, ``This rule defers''--defers, postpones--``a final determination until additional information is available.'' I just wonder how----    Mr. McKinley. That is like the door is wide open. Because sometime someone is going to make another determination that could be based on other information. So I don't agree with you that there is certainty at all in this legislation. I think it was well-intended. It helps us resolve the differences between C and D, but it still doesn't give us a view of tomorrow.    Mr. McKinley. So if we are going to move the ball down the field, I have to find out, how do we shut the door?    Mr. McKinley. I guess like you said earlier, we are just going to have to agree to disagree on that, because I think it is clear from a business perspective, when have that language that something can happen in the future, that the next administration could come in with a different attitude towards it than you personally have had, it makes it uncertain. So we need to just close that. So let's continue working together on that and see if we can't close the door on that.    Mr. McKinley. So I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Harper.    I appreciate that. A whole host of subjects here with this panel that we have before us, and one of them, one of the issues that has been dear to us in the panhandle of West Virginia has been the Little Blue Run. We have done--Mr. Schaeffer, despite your comments, we had that, we had the Havens here. We have had people that have experienced that. We want to hear that. We want to make sure that we are sensitive to that. So this panel, this committee had done that and maybe should continue to do that even more, but they were here to testify about what the situations were like, and I thought it was a very moving testimony from their part.    But Little Blue Run is now under your group, Mr. Holleman, I guess the Environmental Integrity Project, or--that is yours? OK. You put out a report that was called, ``In Harm's Way: Lack of Federal Coal Ash Regulations Endanger Americans and Their Environment,'' and that was given to the Pennsylvania because they are the ones primarily responsible for the Little Blue Run. And they did a very exhaustive study because they want to respond.    You know, these allegations of people, these threats going on, they came back and they said, based on the review of the information in this report for this particular facility, DEP of Pennsylvania concludes that the allegations regarding groundwater and surface water contamination are unfounded.    So I want us to be careful that we can come here and make these--you testify to these. There are adequate responses, and there are recourses for it and DEP looked into it. I have pursued this because I think it is said, we need to be careful about that.    I have been in touch with Pennsylvania about their--how they monitored Little Blue, and West Virginia as well, and we see that they levied fines. They have indeed done what they said they were going to do, and that was to enforce the law and the requirements with it. So I think that it appears to me from their reports and their letters and their correspondence, they are trying to be good stewards of the environment. And they are enforcing that.    So I am just--so I am curious. We passed legislation in the 112th, 113th that dealt with the existing and future impoundments. Lined, unlined, addressing those issues, we included in that language, because I have heard you say it several times here, about siting restrictions or in that language but didn't your group oppose the bill? Either one of you.    Mr. McKinley. If I can recover my time. The reason that I raise these issues to you is that----    Mr. McKinley. If I could recover my time, please, on it.    Mr. McKinley. Is that if we don't pass the legislation, then we stay the way we have been since the 1960s, and that hasn't worked. That is what has caused a lot of these issues. We are trying to find a way to get a resolution, and we are trying to find a solution. Here is a bill. If we have to tweak it or so, but to defeat it, as they did over in the Senate, that wasn't productive. We had a bill. We are going to do it again this year, and we are going to see it, and I hope that people have some concerns about it work with us because we have got to reach certainty.    I heard all the testimony. We have got to find a way to close the door so the people that are making the investment in their respective facilities know that tomorrow they will be able to continue to operate. So it is very important that we pass the legislation to close up these loopholes, close up so many issues that have defined us and made it a negative.    So, with that, I thank you for your testimony. I hope that you will continue to work with us, all of you, the entire panel as we perfect this, if we need to go even further with it. So, with that, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. McKinley. I am done. Thank you.