    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you.    Chairman Bishop, I want to begin by thanking you and your staff for the hard work you have put into this bill. You have been a gentleman, tough when you need to be, but always open and fair.    The Chairman. Wait, would you say that one more time? I will give you an extra 15 seconds. Especially after last night, would you say that just one more time?    Mr. Pierluisi. You have been a gentleman, tough when you need to be, but always open and fair.    I know the responsibility you have been handed is heavy and at times thankless, but you and I, and our colleagues, should not lose sight of the stakes here and never forget how much what we are doing matters to regular people, whether it is a teacher in Aguadilla, a doctor in Ponce, a policeman in Mayaguez, a special-needs student in Caguas, or a middle-class family in San Juan or Salt Lake City who bought a Puerto Rico government bond and are concerned about their investment. If we cannot get a balanced, bipartisan bill to the President's desk, the consequences for Puerto Rico and the island's creditors are likely to be grave.    Trust me, there are provisions in this bill that I dislike, and there are items not in the bill, like equity under Medicaid and refundable tax credits, that I believe should have been included. It is easy to object to a bad provision in a bill or to the exclusion of a good provision from a bill and therefore to say ``no'' to a bill. But I respect those on both sides of the aisle who are looking at the bill holistically and working hard to get to a ``yes.''    The broad question I will pose to our witnesses today is this: Does the bill achieve its intended purpose, which is to help Puerto Rico address its current crisis and create the foundation for a brighter future?    Let me break the bill down into its component parts.    First, Title I and Title II establish a seven-member, temporary, independent oversight board, subject to strong ethics and conflict-of-interest rules, given specific responsibilities, that will terminate once certain conditions are satisfied.    Chairman Bishop and I worked together on those titles, and while this point is subject to reasonable debate, I believe these titles are a dramatic improvement over the earlier version of the bill and now, more or less, strike the appropriate balance between effectiveness in instilling fiscal discipline and respect for the democratic process.    The board's main function is to provide broad oversight over fiscal policymaking in Puerto Rico. The board will provide guardrails for the government of Puerto Rico, but in no way supplant the territory's elected leaders. The Governor will be responsible for developing a long-term fiscal plan, and the Governor and Legislative Assembly will be responsible for crafting annual budgets in line with that fiscal plan, subject to the board's ultimate approval.    During the fiscal year, compliance with the budget will be monitored, and any material variances between what was projected to occur and what is actually occurring will be identified. And Puerto Rico's elected leaders will have multiple opportunities to take remedial action as they deem appropriate. In short, the board will have a supervisory role and will only assume a more active, hands-on role as a last resort.    I will ask the witnesses whether they believe the board's powers are properly calibrated.    Second, section 206, Title III and Title IV, taken together, provide Puerto Rico with a debt-restructuring mechanism. Section 407 provides a territory government with a temporary stay of litigation, which, let me underscore, is intended to create an environment for consensual negotiations with creditors, not to encourage otherwise avoidable defaults.    Under the collective-action provision in Title VI, the oversight board will help debt-issuing entities in Puerto Rico and their creditors to try to reach voluntary agreements to restructure debt. If any entity reaches an agreement with a sufficient number of creditors, who will be grouped into pools or classes, that agreement will become binding on all the creditors in that pool. However, if an agreement cannot be reached, the board may authorize the entity to go to court and adjust that using the Bankruptcy Code provisions that apply in every state in the Nation.    So you see, the board is overseeing the debt-restructuring mechanism. I will ask the witnesses, especially Mr. Weiss, about these provisions of the bill, whether they are workable, and, if not, what changes need to be made to make them work.    Let me just give you the bottom line. This is the bottom line: My constituents and I will accept this oversight, provided--let me say again--provided we also get a meaningful debt-restructuring mechanism. Unless I get the witnesses and experts on this, starting with Treasury, to vouch that the debt-restructuring mechanism in this bill is acceptable and is going to provide the necessary relief to the government of Puerto Rico, I will not go for this bill.    And let me emphasize, we need to work, both sides of the aisle here. Otherwise, this is not going to happen. Puerto Rico is going to continue deteriorating, people are going to continue migrating to the states, and it is going to be an embarrassment not only for Puerto Rico, but for the United States at large.    That is the bottom line. Let's work. Let's work this bill. Let's get it done.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you.    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you, Ms. Tsongas.    Actually, I will use this time to clarify a couple of points, and the witnesses can correct me if I am wrong.    Mr. Lamborn, the way the bill currently reads, the Federal oversight board does have the power to approve the fiscal plan of the government of Puerto Rico. It also has the power to approve the budgets, approved in turn by the legislature and signed by the Governor, so the board does have ultimate authority.    The bill defers to the government of Puerto Rico in the right way because it allows the Governor to elaborate the plan and submit it to the board, and the board can bring it back and send it back with its comments and recommendations. So, it will be a back and forth until the board is satisfied that the fiscal plan makes sense. OK.    On the budgets, the process is similar. The Governor will submit the budget to the board for review. The board will comment. Once the board blesses the budget at that level, then it goes to the legislature of Puerto Rico. The legislature will do its job. But before it is finally approved by the legislature, the board will take a look at it, and the board can say that the board is not satisfied with the budget as approved by the legislature. So, the board will have the final say in a way.    What I expect to happen here is--just assume that the Governor and the legislature of Puerto Rico will do the right thing. They will just have this board overseeing them in this process. The same applies on variances. Let's assume that there is overspending, meaning that the spending is excessive, given the budget that is applied. What the legislation does, it requires quarterly reports to the board, and the board can say, when they see overspending: Explain to us the variance. And if the explanation is reasonable, nothing happens. If, after multiple tries, the government of Puerto Rico cannot satisfy the board's concerns, then the board can step in.    So that is why this is a reasonable model, given that you do have elected officials in Puerto Rico, a Governor and legislators, so it does give the board the final say.    On the minimum wage, let me say this. The way the bill is drafted, the Governor of Puerto Rico is the one that can opt to pay less than the minimum wage to employees 25 years or younger. I personally do not like that bill provision, and I will tell you why: it will promote migration out of Puerto Rico, because these are U.S. citizens, and if not, they will not work, and they will simply rely on welfare and the informal economy.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Fleming.    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Weiss, I would like you to expand, elaborate on your concerns with the collective action clause, the way it is currently drafted. As I understand it, your concern is that it is too cumbersome, or it is not streamlined enough. You want this to work, but can you expand? What is wrong with the collective action clause process that this bill provides for?    Mr. Pierluisi. OK. Now, Mr. Miller, as I understood your testimony, you are saying that, in general terms, the markets are welcoming this bill. The markets are looking forward to a restructuring, and in your view, it is better to have an orderly restructuring process as opposed to litigation all over the place. That is how I read what you said.    As I see it, when we talk about collective action clause--these terms get in the way, but let me explain them, and then you correct me--and cramdown, what we are talking about is, any time you want to restructure debt, you want to reach all the creditors of the entity in question. If you don't reach them all, then the deal will mean so much, and when you need to restructure, again, you try to reach them all.    So collective action is another way of saying: If you have two-thirds majority of the creditors supporting the deal, then you can go to court to enforce the deal on all, and the same pretty much applies on the cramdown concept.    What is happening in Puerto Rico is that we can negotiate with the creditors of PREPA, the power company, and we can negotiate with the creditors of the water and sewer company, but we cannot reach them all. We do not have a structure.    Would you comment, Mr. Miller?    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you. Let me quickly address you, Mr. Kirpalani, and the audience. This is not Chapter 9. I have a Chapter 9 bill. Mr. Duffy had a Chapter 9 bill. This is not super Chapter 9. Why not? Because there is a Federal oversight board acting as the gatekeeper here, making sure there is no abuse of the Chapter 9 process, of the bankruptcy rules.    There is nothing wrong with the bankruptcy rules. Congress enacted them, but we want them to be applied fairly, and that is why you have this board being created to oversee this. Do you agree, Mr. Kirpalani?    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. McClintock.    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you, Chairman.    I would like to clarify a couple of things for the record. Part of this overspending is definitely the result of mismanagement. I admit it. And it is embarrassing. But part of it is lack of adequate Federal funding in key areas such as the health of the American citizens living in Puerto Rico.    Let me just give you an example. Under the Medicaid program, Puerto Rico is entitled to get about $350 million a year. With ObamaCare in place, the additional funding given by the Affordable Care Act, Puerto Rico is getting about $1.2 billion a year from the Federal Government to take care of the medically indigent in Puerto Rico, American citizens.    Oregon, which has a similar population to Puerto Rico, gets $5 billion a year. You don't need to be an economist or a CPA to know the huge difference between $1.2 billion a year and $5 billion a year. Wouldn't that help Puerto Rico's fiscal condition? That is just an example.    My other comment has to do with growth. We are all about growth. Puerto Rico is not going to grow when its government is failing, when its government has become an impediment to growth, when its government owes contractors from the private sector over $2 billion.    We need to stabilize the government so that Puerto Rico grows. And talking about growth, I have to remind everybody here that the last two territories that became states, Hawaii and Alaska, within 10 years each doubled their economy. So if we want growth, let's change Puerto Rico's status.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.