    Ms. Bodor. Good morning. I am Alison Bodor, Executive Vice President of the National Confectioners Association, and I appreciate this opportunity to testify on behalf of America's confectionary companies that manufacture and market the vast majority of chocolate, gum, candy, and mints sold in the United States.    NCA also represents the companies that supply those manufacturers, and companies who serve as brokers. More than \2/3\ of NCA's 290 members are small businesses. Many of the industry's manufacturers are now fourth and fifth generation family-owned companies, started by immigrants before the turn of the century. The industry supports 70,000 jobs across the United States, and if you add in supplier and distribution networks, that number easily triples.    NCA members have long supported free trade. This is despite the fact that our companies are disadvantaged in our own domestic marketplace by U.S. agriculture subsidies that increase the price of sugar, one of our key ingredients, in the U.S. compared to the world price that our global competitors enjoy. Confectionary manufacturers are major users of U.S.-grown commodities, including sugar, corn sweeteners, dairy products, peanuts, almonds, and other nuts. These industries, of course, benefit also from U.S. exports of confections.    In 2014, U.S. confectioners exported more than $2 billion worth of candy, chocolate, gum, and mints, and bulk chocolate products around the world. Not surprisingly, Mexico and Canada are our most important trading partners. Forty percent of U.S. confectionary exports are to Canada, $900 million worth, while 15 percent are to Mexico. These two markets together total over 50 percent of U.S. confectionary exports. We are deeply concerned that retaliatory duties from both countries will target our industry.    Let me talk about Canada. Currently, four confectionary-related tariff codes are on Canada's proposed retaliatory duty list. These codes capture U.S.-made bulk chocolate preparations, finished chocolate confections, and sugar-free sweeteners. Together, these confectionary products represented $615 million of confectionary exports to Canada last year. U.S. confectioners have worked hard to grow the presence of U.S. confections and intermediate products in Canada, and our efforts are paying off. Exports of finished chocolate grew by almost $45 million in just the last 2 years, while exports of bulk chocolate grew by almost $12 million. Those years of investment will quickly be diminished if the retaliations from Canada are implemented. For all of these products; chocolate, bulk chocolate, wafers, biscuits, and sweeteners, there are Canadian and global competitors. Many American-made chocolates will disappear from Canadian shelves. Manufacturers in Canada that source critical raw materials from U.S.-based suppliers will shift supply chains outside of the United States. That loss of business will impact U.S. confectionary companies, their workers, and importantly, also their communities.    The Government of Mexico has not yet declared the products upon which they intend to levy duties if WTO grants retaliation, but U.S. confectioners are very troubled that our industry will again be targeted, as they were several years ago during the U.S.-Mexico cross-border trucking dispute. At that time, Mexico implemented a 20 percent duty on confectionary products. That resulted in a 50 percent drop in U.S. confectionary exports.    The longer these disputes are unresolved, the greater the consequences to the U.S. confectionary industry, and the communities in which those companies reside. U.S. confectioners urge Congress and the affected industries to find a resolution that ensures U.S. compliance with international trade obligations, and avoids retaliatory actions against our exports to the north, and possible retaliation for our exports to the south.    Thank you very much.    Ms. Bodor. I would----    Ms. Bodor. I would also add from a small business perspective, it increases the lack of confidence in putting forth the investment that it takes to open up these markets. So companies need to be sure that when they make that investment, that it is going to stay for the long-term. Now, for the confectionary industry, we are facing the second set of retaliatory duties in 10 years, and that makes it difficult for companies to go the next step to make the investment that is necessary if they don't believe that the marketplace will last.    Ms. Bodor. For confectionary on the tariff codes that Canada has already identified, we believe we will lose those exports. At 100 percent duty, we cannot export those products into Canada.    As I mentioned earlier, when we faced a 20 percent duty on these products in Mexico, we lost 50 percent of our exports. So 100 percent is really unlikely that we would be able to recover. And then we would also--because there are competitors who are willing to jump in from Europe and from China, from other marketplaces--we would be put in the position of having to crawl back and try and regain that market share, and that takes a long time.    Ms. Bodor. Yes.