    Mr. Crane. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank the subcommittee, its staff and, in particular, its chairman for its decades-long fight against the atrocities committed by state and nonstate actors around the world. In fact, you and I have been working together since 2002, along with many members of this committee, in seeking justice for the oppressed.    We are in an age of extremes with adversaries never contemplated facing challenges that are most likely not solvable. The 21st century is shaping up to be no better than what I call the bloody 20th century, where over 225 million people died of nonnatural causes, over 100 million of which that I estimate at the hands of their own governments.    In the 21st century, conflict will be kaleidoscopic and dirty, with one or all sides ignoring international law. Our current planning in the United States and preparation cycle make us incapable of dealing with these kaleidoscopic conflicts and events, and I am working with the International Peace and Security Institute to quantify that data.    Despite this, we have seen the evolution of modern international criminal law, which has now given us the practical and legal capability of holding dictators, thugs, and their henchmen accountable for atrocity if there is a political will to do so. I underscore ``if there is a political will to do so.'' If we do have that political will, we have the experience now to prosecute those who feed on their own peoples.    Now, we have mentioned many numbers this afternoon related to casualties: 300,000 persons killed, over 10 million refugees moving about the region with no hope and no homes. But I do want to underscore that these are about human beings, individual human beings. When I was in Sierra Leone, I would hold townhall meetings, and I was in Makeni, the headquarters of the infamous Revolutionary United Front, who cut hands off of victims and other body parts. And as I was holding this townhall meeting, a young child soldier stood up. He was about 12, and he looked at me in the eye, and he began to weep, and he said: I killed people. I am sorry. I didn't mean it.    And as I was holding him in my arms as he wept, a young woman stood up 10 feet from me, most of her face was missing because it had been put in a pot of boiling water. She was holding her child, and she, through cracked lips, said: Seek justice.    That is why we do this. And that is why I want to underscore in my remarks today that we don't forget that it is individual human beings, one person at a time.    There has been a complete breakdown of the rule of law and accountability in the Levant. The laws of armed conflict are ignored, resulting in mounting civilian casualties. There is an increased use of banned weapons systems, such as barrel bombs and chemical weapons, along with the increase in various torture and execution methods not seen since the Dark Ages. The Caesar Report, which I coauthored and which we testified a year or so ago, found direct and clear and convincing evidence of this horror.    In the Levant region, there are three international crimes that are being committed. They have been highlighted in this testimony and are well-known by this subcommittee: War crimes, crimes against humanity, and possibly genocide. I want to underscore and caution that we have to be very careful that politicians and diplomats tend to rank or tier international crimes and holding out genocide as the top tier.    Well, I would just submit respectfully to this subcommittee that 300,000 people killed as a result of an international crime don't care whether it is a genocide, crime against humanity, or war crime. So I want to caution our use of terms. They are important, but they are crimes, and I also want to point out, of these three crimes, one is a specific intent crime, which means that you have to have a specific intent to destroy in whole or in part a peoples.    It is a difficult crime to prove, and in some cases, you almost need a smoking gun, so I would just caution this subcommittee, when they are considering the war crimes, watch out for tiering and ranking the crimes, as well as understanding that genocide, even though a very serious crime indeed, a crime of crimes, is a difficult and very specific type of crime, which at the legal level, has to be clearly or beyond a reasonable doubt proven each and every element.    So what is next then? You asked me that question. First, there must be a realization that the ISIS phenomenon is a decades-long challenge. We are entering into an effort that is of cold war ramifications.    At this time, we do not have a solution for this challenge. Until we do have a realistic and practical solution, we must understand that we may not be able to restore international peace and security, only manage some sense of security in the Levant. The conflict there truly is kaleidoscopic in nature, where if one thing changes, everything changes. We cannot predict or plan what happens next.    The cornerstone to a possible beginning of a solution is Arab resolve and cooperation. However, this may not be possible given political realities. The West cannot be seen as an interloper, only as a patient enabler and a facilitator. We can't be seen as launching the seventh crusade, so to speak.    Over the next several years, you must contain the ISIS threat regionally, stamp out ISIS' attempts to further their cause elsewhere and focus on achievable programs in the region locally and domestically, and I would underscore some of the important points made by my colleagues this afternoon.    I just would like to say a young man or woman who has a job and some hope for a better future is less likely to turn to terror and to ISIS. Essentially, what I am saying is that we cannot defeat ISIS using kinetic energy alone. In reality, it can only be done through economic revitalization, almost a Marshall Plan for the Middle East. It is that kind of commitment.    Additionally, we can take realistic steps to start an accountability mechanism for the region, particularly as it relates to ISIS atrocities. If we have the political will, we can establish some tried and true methods. We should start with a truth commission, not a reconciliation commission at this point, but start with a truth commission. Let's get something started. Let's get something going.    We also have the ability and the experience to set up a domestic court or an internationalized domestic court, even a hybrid regional court, which we did in the Special Court for Sierra Leone. The International Criminal Court, though an important and permanent entity, is politically, unfortunately, neutralized by the United Nations Security Council and, unfortunately, will not play a major part in this effort, even though we need to recognize that they do have a potential place. The practical reality is, a domestic court, an internationalized domestic court, or hybrid regional court supported by regional countries, countries in the region, is the most practical and realistic opportunity.    Now, these mechanisms can be headquartered in Iraq, Turkey, or Jordan, supported by members of the Arab League. The international community could assist and train commission or court personnel as requested and needed. The idea is having Arab states prosecuting Arabs for crimes against Arab peoples in violation of Arab laws.    Now, we have done this before with the Special Court for Sierra Leone. We have moved into an area, worked with peoples, developed methodologies, efficiently managed justice mechanisms and broad accountability to millions of victims there in West Africa. We have translated this success into the Syrian Accountability Project, where we have built a conflict map, a crime base matrix, sample indictments so that someday, when a domestic, regional, or international prosecutor is designated, we can hand this package over to them for their consideration to get things started.    So what are my conclusions? The Levant is an unmanageable space. International peace and security cannot be restored using today's outmoded problem-solving techniques. Thus, there are no foreseeable political or military solutions. This is a multifaceted, and I underscore, decades-long struggle. It is truly kaleidoscopic.    Our next step should be to continue to try and contain ISIS. On the periphery, create achievable regional and domestic programs, and I would humbly suggest perhaps that Marshall Plan.    Let's take away the reason for ISIS to be--no hope in the future. We have and can offer better alternatives, such as freedom and a jobs plan, possibly. It is within the realm of possibility to development a justice mechanism outside the U.N. Security Council. The focus should be using regional and domestic arrangements to create those mechanisms. We must not be discouraged. We must be patient and firm in our resolve for accountability, stability, and peace.    A little over 10 years ago, President Charles Taylor never thought that he would be held accountable for his crimes in West Africa, but today, he sits in a maximum security prison in Great Britain for the rest of his life paying the price for aiding and abetting the murder, rape, maiming, and mutilation of over 1.2 million human beings. We can hold ISIS accountable for their crimes and begin to establish some sense of peace in the Levant.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this time. I stand ready to answer any questions.    Mr. Crane. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As I am sitting here thinking of time and how long this conflict has gone on, I recall back in March 2011, I was asked by the Syrian National Congress at the time to meet with me and The Hague to talk about justice mechanisms that we could implement in the spring of 2011. It was a time of hope and excitement. It was the Free Syrian Army versus the Assad regime. It was not that completely simple, but that was pretty much it.    They were enthusiastic. They were listening, and I had been working with that group, along with the International Criminal Court, United Nations, and other countries in dealing with the transitional justice process. But dealing with my Syrian colleagues, I have noticed a sadness in their eyes, and they realize that this isn't going to go well, and I agree with them.    I particularly noticed, after the summer of 2013, when a certain line was drawn in the sand, saying: If you do this, then the international community will step in. It happened and nothing happened. And as we had been collating and putting in the crime base matrix events that have taken place that possibly could be war crimes, crimes against humanity, what have you, there was a pause in that summer of 2013 when the threat was made that if you do this, then we are going to step in. We actually saw, anecdotally, a decrease in atrocities. As soon as that line was drawn and was stepped over, then all hell broke loose, and we saw an increase in atrocities, which have gone off the chart since that time. Our crime base matrix at the Syrian Accountability Project is now over 7,000 pages of incidents that have taken place that could amount to international crimes.    So I just want to underscore, when we are talking about the urgency of time, we have now moved into an era where there is no practical solution to the Levant.    Mr. Crane. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Crane. Thank you, Ms. Bass.    I appreciate your comments, and I think your questions are very, very important. What I really wanted to underscore in my comments this afternoon is that this truly is a decades-long effort. In this age, where we try to solve problems within 24 hours, it just can't be done.    After World War II and facing the Cold War and the challenge of the Soviet Union, the world got together and created the political will to face down the Iron Curtain and what was behind it. We created NATO. We moved into Korea. We are still in Korea.    Mr. Crane. 1950. NATO is a successful example of a commitment by the world to stop tyranny. So there is historical precedent if there is the political will to come in and begin a process, begin a process where we have the international community, administered probably by the region where we have the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, others where we have funds where instead of spending billions dollars a week bombing what we perceive to be a threat and creating job programs.    I mean, what a wonderful thing it is to see almost like a Civilian Conservation Corps out there creating roads and building and reconstructing the damage that has been done. Again, I know it is not that simple, but at least if we change and shift our emphasis on construction as opposed to destruction, I think that we have a better chance in succeeding. So that was what I meant by the Marshall Plan.    Mr. Crane. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Crane. Well, again, an excellent question and probably an unanswerable question as far as political will. We just have to step back and stop using kinetic energy to solve the problems in the Middle East. It is not working, and yet we take all of those billions and, in some cases, now probably trillions----    Mr. Crane . Of dollars, and we could have shifted that in a way that would have revitalized an area. Not making it a religious base, not making it Sunni versus Shia or Christian versus Muslim, an ability for the region, backed by Arab states as well, with some leadership by the European Union, what have you, to do this.    It is not going to be easy.    Mr. Crane. But I am just trying to get a conversation going and asking the question, can we do better than just kinetic energy, bombing our way out of a solution?    Mr. Crane. So, again, forgive me for not being able to give you specific answers because----    Mr. Crane . I don't, but I think that changing our perspective will certainly be important.    Now, you also bring up a--the hybrid court idea. At the end of the day, this is all about the victims, right. We are very arrogant about how we approach international justice. We don't have all the solutions. There are certainly other justice methodologies. I always used to ask the question, is the justice we seek the justice they want? I think that is really an important question because we tend to think that the European model of international justice or the common law model is the model, but some of these justice mechanisms in other parts of the world have been around for thousands of years and have worked.    So we have to be very, very humble to realize what do the victims in Syria and in the Levant and in northern Iraq, what is justice to them? And once we begin to consider that, there are many, many possibilities, and it may not be an international system. So a hybrid court or a domestic court or internationalized domestic court may be something that may be important. Even going back and looking at tribal and cultural type of methods of justice may be a start or a beginning.    How would you hold members of ISIS accountable? Well, of course, that is a challenge. I think that once we were able to do that--that is part and parcel to this overall A plus B plus C plus D step forward, is begin to try to contain ISIS. A good example is ISIS is like a cancer that is not going to cause a fatal result, but it is there, and so your doctor is going to have to say: We are going to have to manage this.    Mr. Crane. And so we should manage ISIS like such, try to cut out areas that they try to grow in other parts of the world, Libya, for example, and other parts. Deal with those smaller problems, but try to contain ISIS, and then begin to develop many things, to include a justice mechanism where it can be seen that the international community, the region itself is actually doing something.    It doesn't have to be elaborate. It can be just a simple step of creating a truth commission where we have the trust being garnered. Again, if you build it, they will come. I have been told, well, you can't have a truth commission for these various reasons, what have you. Well, we have got to do something. We have got to be seen at doing something in the transitional justice area other than talking about various ways that we can go about that.    That is just a simple example. But this is all part and parcel to a larger achievable results: Contain ISIS and begin to pick out areas where we can succeed so we can bring back that hope, which robs ISIS of its ability to recruit, and that cancer begins to shrink.    Now, again, there are many, many levels of problems here that could throw this off the rails. But we just have to look at this a little bit more simply and a little bit more objectively and step back and go what really is working and what really isn't working, and I will guarantee you, it is not using kinetic energy.    Mr. Crane. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Crane. I think it is very important that we do understand that we have made great strides in the past 20 years in international criminal law. Most of this was theory when I was in law school or not even taught because it didn't even exist. What we do now, we have this capacity, the rules of evidence, the practical experience, and the jurisprudence to prosecute and hold accountable any individual who commits atrocities, international crimes. Again, the bright red thread of all of this is politics, and that is always, always a challenge related to dealing with these types of issues. But at the end of the day, because we have this practical experience now of taking down and holding accountable a head of state, his henchmen, for what they have done to a region, we need to continue to work together to use those techniques so that someday, whether it be tomorrow, next year, or 10 years, we will have that ability then to hold accountable those who have destroyed this area of the world.    So we do have a conflict map. We have literally developed a criminal history of the Syrian conflict and in the Levant since March 2011. We continue to monitor that and write that chapter. We also have that crime base matrix, which lists by date, time, location, perpetrator, as well as the specific violation of the Rome Statute, international humanitarian laws, such as the Geneva Conventions, and we have translated the Syrian criminal code, which is a good criminal code, one that could be used for the basis for domestic prosecutions, into English. And so we have also identified by paragraph and line the violations of Syrian law as well. That particular aspect of the Syrian Accountability Project now numbers over 7,000 pages. In fact, there is so much of it that we have put it into a memory stick because I can't transport that around. In fact, the chairman knows; I gave him a copy of that last week. Now we share this. This is not all about the Syrian Accountability Project at Syracuse University College of Law. This is about justice for the people of Syria. So we share all of this data, and have since March 2011, with our colleagues in the United Nations, various key countries, such as the United States, our friends in the war crimes office there, along with the international criminal accord. I personally give this data to the chief prosecutor, Fatou Bensouda, as well. So we are sharing. We are working with other important accountability organizations to work together to make sure that, again, at the end of the day, it is about the victims and justice for the victims.    But one caution here. You know, 10, 12 years ago, when I was investigating west Africa, we went out and did it the old way, cops going out, gathering evidence, taking statements and what have you. Now, with this social media age, we are inundated by a tsunami of information. It is too much. The challenge now is not finding the evidence. The challenge is now finding the evidence in a haystack. Ninety-nine-point-nine percent of the data coming out of Syria in whatever capacity being held by whatever organization is not evidence. We cannot use it in a court of law. I think that is really important for us to understand. It is a great historical body of information. It is important in many other ways, but it can't be used in court. I think we tend to forget that, that we have all this information, but it is just information. It is not evidence. And so I think we have to be very, very careful when we say we have cases against all these individuals. The answer is we may have cases against these individuals, and we have to be very, very careful. But, again, that is up to a prosecutor, a local, regional, or international prosecutor, to take this and hopefully take our trial package and use it in whatever way he or she can use it in order to seek justice for the people of the Levant region.