    Ms. MCSALLY. Thank you, Chairman Tiberi and Ranking Member McDermott, for hosting this important hearing to discuss tax-related proposals to improve health care, and for the opportunity to discuss legislation I introduced earlier this Congress.    Much attention has been given to taxes that pay for the Affordable Care Act, such as the medical device tax or the Cadillac tax. But buried in the Affordable Care Act is a lesser-known tax increase that is already hurting middle-class families, and is about to hit seniors. My bill, H.R. 3590, the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act, protects seniors from this tax hike and rolls it back for middle-class families.    Health care costs are already high. Since 2005, costs have risen faster than inflation every year except 2008. Additionally, the trend towards rising health insurance deductibles is leaving people exposed to increasing out-of-pocket expenses. We should be working to reduce this burden, not making it worse. But that is not what this hidden tax hike in the Affordable Care Act would do.    Currently, the IRS allows Americans with high health care costs to deduct certain out-of-pocket expenses from their taxes. Before 2013, individuals could deduct out-of-pocket medical costs that exceeded 7.5 percent of one's adjusted gross income, or AGI. The Affordable Care Act changed that for Americans under the age of 65 by increasing that threshold to 10 percent of an individual's AGI, effectively raising taxes on middle-class Americans.    To make matters worse, the same tax is scheduled to hit Americans 65 and older, starting on January 1, 2017. Though it has not received much attention, the medical expense deduction means a great deal to some of the most vulnerable Americans. According to the IRS, more than 10 million people use this deduction; 87 percent of them earn less than $100,000 a year.    The average family taking advantage of this deduction makes just over $58,000 a year, and has seen an income tax increase of several hundred dollars per year since the threshold was raised for those under 65 in 2013. This deduction is extremely important for low- and middle-income Americans who have already spent thousands in out-of-pocket medical costs, and they can't afford another shock to their wallets.    The same goes for seniors, many of whom already live on fixed incomes and struggle to make ends meet. Currently, seniors make up 56 percent of all claimants of the medical expense deduction. If the threshold is raised in January 2017, many seniors who have saved for their entire lives and have carefully planned for retirement will suddenly be faced with hundreds of dollars in extra taxes on top of the out-of-pocket medical costs they already pay.    That is why I introduced H.R. 3590, a bipartisan bill to stop this tax increase for seniors and roll it back for those under 65. The impetus to this legislation came to me from one of my constituents from Green Valley, Arizona. His name is Loren Thorson. Tragically, Loren passed away earlier this year, but he knew the importance of raising awareness of this tax hike, and was committed to doing what he could to stop it.    In closing, I want to thank the 14 cosponsors, including Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins, a member of this Subcommittee, as well as Congressman Bob Dold and Jason Smith, members of the full committee, and the various groups that are supporting this legislation, to include the AARP, Americans for Prosperity, 60-Plus, Americans for Tax Reform, the Association of Mature American Citizens, and the National Taxpayer Union.    I encourage the committee to consider my bill, and I look forward to working with you to protect seniors and the middle-class Americans from this tax hike that they just cannot afford.    Thank you.