    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and to our witness, Mr. Weiss, for being here today.    The situation in Puerto Rico compels action, and I am very glad we are finally here today to discuss it. I thank the Administration for including the other territories in their proposals to address some of Puerto Rico's most pressing issues, and I urge leadership to also consider including the other territories as they draft legislation.    While our challenges are nowhere near as serious as Puerto Rico's, our territories do face challenges. I believe the inclusion of territories would avert similar crises in the future. To that end, I introduced legislation that would give the Government of Guam flexibility in extending Social Security to employees of the government. These employees are currently not a part of the system. Our retirement fund has identified the current pension system is fiscally unsustainable. So, we must be proactive to address these problems.    I also hope that the committee can consider the smaller territories as they look to other fixes for Puerto Rico, such as cover-over for the EITC and improving the FMAC for Medicaid. With that, I have a few questions for Mr. Weiss.    To what extend did the failure of the Puerto Rico pension program contribute to their current economic crisis? And do you agree that steps should be taken to prevent a similar situation in the other territories? If you could, make your answers short.    Ms. Bordallo. What about the other territories?    Ms. Bordallo. All right. I do appreciate that the Treasury included the smaller territories in the debt-restructuring proposal. However, was there a consideration of including the smaller territories in the other proposals, like cover-over for EITC and improving the FMAC for the Medicaid program?    I would note that the President's budget includes requests from HHS that would improve our FMAC over time. An improved FMAC and cover-over of EITC would free up significant local funding and put us on a fiscally sustainable path. Do you agree with this?    Ms. Bordallo. So then, Mr. Weiss, I would like to make it very clear. Do you agree that inclusion of the territories in the Puerto Rico relief package would help to avert similar crises in the territories in the future?    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you. And, Mr. Chairman, I go on record in full support of solving the Puerto Rico financial crisis and, of course, the inclusion of the other territories in this legislation. I yield back.    The Chairman. Now I owe you a minute-and-a-half. Sheesh.    The Chairman. Mr. Duncan, I realize I have you in No Man's Land. Regardless of where I start, you are going to be last. But I understand that you have another commitment you have to be at right now, so let me recognize you for 5 minutes for questions.