    Mr. Murillo. Chairman Fleming, Ranking Member Huffman, and members of the subcommittee, I am David Murillo, Regional Director of the Mid-Pacific Region of the Bureau of Reclamation. I am pleased to be here today to discuss changing demands on the Central Valley Project in California and actions we are taking to manage flow and temperatures for the benefit of fish, wildlife, and our water and power customers.    Joining me are Ren Lohoefener from the Fish and Wildlife Service, and Barry Thom from the National Marine Fisheries Services.    My written statement has been submitted for the record, so I will summarize that in the interest of time.    As of this month, the effects of an El Nino winter across California have left us with widely varying water supplies. Some facilities are near full, others are less than half capacity. As you know, despite the variability, Reclamation water users, like those beside me today, must operate facilities to balance competing demands and to comply with a suite of legal requirements.    In the case of the CVP, that means water rights permitting conditions from the California State Water Resource Control Board and biological opinions for the protection of fish listed under the State and Federal Endangered Species Act.    This spring and early summer, our agencies have been working on a temperature management plan for the Sacramento River, as required by the 2009 NMFS biological opinion and State Order 90-5, with the primary focus of protecting winter-run Sacramento River Chinook salmon. The plan is geared toward meeting obligations and maintaining commitments for operations of the CVP and State Water Project. The plan has also been developed to limit impacts to other beneficial uses, such as Folsom Reservoir levels, American River temperature, and Delta water quality.    The other option proposed, temperature management point, is at a location called Balls Ferry in Shasta County, keeping the river there at a 56-degree average daily temperature, as required under Order 90-5. Decisionmaking for significant changes in real-time operations is being coordinated among the partners, including Reclamation, NMFS, the Service, California Department of Water Resources, California Department of Fish and Wildlife, and the State Board.    As always, to the extent that Reclamation and the state can maximize export pumping from the Bay Delta, particularly during any sudden increases in Delta in-flow, we will continue to do so, just as we have done in the past. However, since the plan does fall somewhat short of the planned schedule for releases to the Sacramento River this summer, some adjustments to the 2016 CVP allocations are possible. Throughout this process, we work closely and transparently with CVP water users to explore this possibility. We will continue that collaboration.    That said, and with progressively dryer conditions this summer, we are encouraging communities to continue to conserve water and operate as efficiently as possible. We recognize that has become business as usual for most water users, some of whom are alongside me here today. While I cannot give any guarantees as to how the year will play out, Reclamation stands ready to adjust operations to improve temperature conditions if needed. Equally, Reclamation expects the real-time monitoring and adjustment opportunities provided for in the plan to allow essential flexibility to enable to us meet our commitments, while operating within what will be close confines of the law. I hope that the many jointly funded projects our agencies pursue each year with the water users and environmental communities are evidence of our strong ongoing partnership. At the operational, financial, and policy levels, we are committed to helping California succeed in all years, not just in times of drought, flood, or environmental crises.    In closing, we would like to thank the subcommittee for its attention to this issue. These past several years have been incredibly challenging, and we are proud of the collaboration and creativity the stakeholders have shown in finding ways to manage this complicated and important system.    This concludes my statement. I would be pleased to answer any questions at the appropriate time. Thank you.    Mr. Murillo. Yes, we have worked with the fisheries the last couple of years to use the flexibility that exists within the biological opinions to move more water to Ag.    Mr. Murillo. I didn't hear your question, sir.    Mr. Murillo. I don't know for sure what the outcome is.    Mr. Murillo. The plan has it that at the end of September, we will have about 300,000 acre-feet in Folsom Reservoir.    Mr. Murillo. Yes. Absolutely.    Mr. Murillo. Well, we run the system as a whole. It is a system we run. Folsom is part of that system. One thing that we try to make sure is we try to protect the interests that those stakeholders have in Folsom. That is why we----    Mr. Murillo. Yes, a voluntary action.    Mr. Murillo. I believe so.    Mr. Murillo. Yes.    Mr. Murillo. That would be optimal if we could have one biological opinion. And hopefully, we can get there some day. But with respect to the tug-of-war, what we do, like we do in normal years, there are a lot of competing demands in the system, just like there was this year. What we did is we brought the directors together, Fish and Wildlife and NMFS together, and myself, and we worked up a temperature plan that would not only meet the NOAA requirements, but also leave some flexibility so that we could provide the outflows for the Delta smelt.    Mr. Murillo. The proposal was to have a plan where we release 8,000 cfs. The final plan ends up with a July release of 10,500.    Mr. Murillo. I don't have the details on New Melones right now. I know that that part of the system is drier than it has been in the past. But I don't have any update on that. I apologize.    Mr. Murillo. Absolutely.    Mr. Murillo. Yes. Predation, as we mentioned, is something we do have to address. Whether we relocate the bass or not, I am not sure what the benefit of that is, so I will leave that up to the fisheries to maybe comment on that.    Mr. Murillo. Well, I agree with the statements made here today that we try to be transparent. We can be more inclusive, but inclusive means not just including the Ag. community, we also have to include the environmental groups, the tribes, and the power users, bringing them all together. So I think, as we move forward, that is something that we will try to improve on.    Mr. Murillo. It is getting bigger.    Mr. Murillo. Absolutely.