    Ms. Plonk. Apologies. Good afternoon, Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, and members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I am Audrey Plonk, Director of Global Cyber Security and Internet Governance Policy at Intel. I am here to express Intel's unequivocal support for the successful and timely transition of the stewardship of the IANA functions contract in support of the multi-stakeholder community. Intel has actively followed and participated in the transition process.    Technology advances built on U.S. innovation have driven unprecedented economic growth in the U.S. and abroad. Intel has been at the center of this innovation for more than 40 years. In 2014 Intel did $55.9 billion of business, and employed 170,000 people worldwide, 60,000 in the United States. Though Intel is incorporated here, our presence, impact, and revenues span the globe.    I cannot stress enough the importance of trust to our current and future success. We have observed a trend toward diminished trust in the U.S. Government and U.S. companies, both at home and abroad. Any real or perceived failure in the transition in the form of an externally imposed or mandated delay will only heighten mistrust in the U.S. Government, and embolden governments threatened by a free and open Internet, to the detriment of the many Internet technology companies headquartered in this country.    Intel is not a provider of domain name services, nor a registry, or a registrar. We are not a contracted party to ICANN. Quite simply, we design and manufacture the computing power of the Internet. Though the IANA functions are extremely important, they are fundamentally administrative, and involve updating and maintaining three related, but separate, registries, names, numbers, and protocols.    The IANA neither makes policy, nor exercises judgment. It simply follows a mechanical process to maintain and update these registries according to explicitly defined rules. Without these functions, connected devices will not fully realize their potential to improve the lives of everyone on Earth. Today those rules are developed through multi-stakeholder processes through which all interested and affected parties participate. Much of the global debate on Internet governance centers on this process, and whether it is sufficient to govern the Internet going forward.    The most widely supported alternative to multi-stakeholder governance is multi-lateral governance, in which an intergovernmental body, such as the United Nations, makes governance decisions. In this scenario, the overall influence of the United States government is diminished to a single vote, and the ability for direct participation from industry and civil society is largely eliminated. Again, any real or perceived failure in the transition emboldens hostile governments to push this process toward the United Nations, or another intergovernmental body.    Recognizing this, the U.S. Congress has consistently and publicly supported multi-stakeholder Internet governance, as was previously mentioned in opening statements. In 2012 Congress unanimously passed a resolution to preserve, and advance, a successful multi-stakeholder model that governs the Internet today. And just last year, thanks to the foresight and leadership of this Committee, this policy was reaffirmed in H.R. 1580, which passed the House unanimously. It is Intel's view that the transition of the IANA functions is, in fact, advancing multi-stakeholder governance in line with this stated policy.    The transition is on an excellent path. As of today, there are four proposals, two complete from numbers and protocols, and two in draft format from names and accountability, covering all aspects of the transition. Most importantly, especially for this committee, and for congressional oversight, these proposals have been, and will continue to be, developed in a completely open and transparent fashion. Anyone with an interest can review and comment, and access the entire record of past discussion to understand how decisions were reached.    The Internet doubles in size every 10 \1/2\ months, and has done so for 30 years. Technology is changing all the time. Keeping up with that rate of exponential growth requires all the parts of the Internet to be continuously improved. Not only the technical functions, but the political and policy functions as well. We can't leave the politics and policies in the 20th century while the technology advances into the 21st.    The transition is entering its final stages. We ask that you support allowing the names community and the accountability working group the time they need to arrive at a responsible and well considered outcome, recognizing that the uncomplicated proposals from numbers and protocols communities are complete. This approach reinforces the U.S. Government's commitment to multi-stakeholder outcomes during this critical time for Internet evolution and Internet governance. Our collective success depends upon a global, open, interoperable, trustworthy, and stable Internet as a platform for the connected devices that Intel builds.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Plonk. I think that decision, and the plan, lies with the multi-stakeholder community, and not with me as an individual.    Ms. Plonk. I think it depends on the outcome of the ICANN Buenos Aires meeting next month. I think we will have more information then.    Ms. Plonk. I think I would just continue to say it is not--I--we haven't gotten a response from NTIA's letters to the community yet----    Ms. Plonk . So it is not clear.    Ms. Plonk. Thank you for the question. I think it is a really important one, and I absolutely agree with you that there are risks, and potential pitfalls. Two main things. I think first we want to commend this Subcommittee for actively participating in the process, for attending meetings, for showing up in Busan at the Plenipotentiary Conference, and for the amount of time the Committee has invested to understanding that that continued investment in the process will be a huge impact for the outcome, so I think that is one. The second is to continue to conduct oversight through having hearings, like this one, as we move through the process. And then the final point is to ensure that what NTIA accepts at the end is multi-stakeholder, is what----    Ms. Plonk . Has come out of the multi-stakeholder process so that Congress is supporting its longstanding position on multi-stakeholder governance.    Ms. Plonk. I also agree. I want to just also say that everything that is happening right now is completely transparent and open, so the final final that transits from the ICG to ICANN to----    Ms. Plonk . NTIA----    Ms. Plonk . Will not be a surprise to anyone who has been participating or----    Ms. Plonk . Anyone who hasn't. They can see everything that is happening.    Ms. Plonk. I just wanted to add one thing. In addition to the various accountability measures that have been proposed, that I think are very good, and my colleague Steve has outlined in fairly good detail, in terms of an empowered community, how we overturn the Board, how we overturn decisions, I think all that gets to your question of enforcement.    But in addition, something that has come out of this process that we haven't talked about yet, is the preponderance of evidence that supports U.S. rule of law and incorporation in the State of California. And the various legal analyses that have been done by the multi-stakeholder community puts forward just how favorable the U.S., as a jurisdiction, is for this process. And I think the----    Ms. Plonk. Thank you. Just to further my colleague's comments, I think we would view that as an externally imposed or mandated delay, which, as I said in my testimony, we also believe would undermine the multi-stakeholder process.    Ms. Plonk. Thank you for the question, and for the kind remarks about Intel. We are building a new universe of connected devices, the Internet of things, wearables, what have you. All of these devices are not very valuable to people unless they can connect, and so our business interest is in seeing the Internet grow. I mentioned in my testimony the rates at which we have experienced growth for the last 30 years. It is going to need to continue to grow exponentially to meet the demands for all of the connectivity, for all of the devices that we are building silicon to support.    So we are concerned that--well, we support the transition because we think that is the best path to growth, at the end of the day. We are concerned about anything that would deviate from the path toward growth of the Internet, such as fragmentation, should countries decide to split off from a global Internet in a way that we couldn't do business as easily across borders, or the benefit of the platform for expression, and for interoperability wouldn't exist, at least in the way we know it today. All of those are huge drivers for not just Intel, but the IT and Internet community that, as I mentioned in my testimony, grew up in the United States, and to a large degree is headquartered here.    So that is our fundamental business interest, so that is why we support the transition, and we are positive in the outlook of what we think is to come. All of my colleagues here have been deeply involved in the process. Mr. DelBianco has detailed out the accountability reforms. Mr. Shears has as well. So we are optimistic about the outlook for the future, and it is very critical to us.    Mr. Luja AE1n. And, Ms. Plonk, your testimony discusses the challenges the U.S. faces in building international support for the multi-stakeholder model as well. You note that some countries advocate for centralized control of the Internet, or a greater role for international organizations, like the UN. What would be the impact on companies like Intel if these voices were to prevail, and we abandoned the successful multi-stakeholder approach?    Ms. Plonk. If we were to completely abandon the multi-stakeholder processes that we know today, I don't know that anybody at this table would be able to participate going forward. A one country, one vote system, such as at the UN, doesn't allow for direct participation from the private sector or civil society. We would be having to work through governments and national governments. We wouldn't necessarily have the direct relationship that we have with ICANN to represent ourselves. So that is, I think, the short answer to the impact.    Mr. Luja AE1n. And I guess the follow up to that, just straight to the point, is, when taking into account the stakeholder international opinion, does United States advocacy for a multi-stakeholder model free of government control strengthen or weaken Internet access and freedom for users in states like New Mexico?    Ms. Plonk. I think the multi-stakeholder system allows the U.S. Government to engage in representing the country, representing the people, just the way that you do here in Congress. And the multi-stakeholder system also allows users to represent themselves directly, whether that is through participation in civil society organizations, or in trade associations through their businesses, however, they have access directly, as well as through the U.S. Government representing them.    Mr. Luja AE1n. Thank you, and I thank you and all the witnesses for making yourself and your expertise available to us today. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Plonk. Accountability over ICANN itself.    Ms. Plonk. I support the comments by Mr. Shears that the ability to choose another operator through termination clauses, as is standard in contracts, certainly in the U.S. and in California, is normal, and should be a criteria for moving forward.    Ms. Plonk. Just a follow-up, I appreciate Mr. DelBianco's clarification that there is this separation between the policymaking function that ICANN has and the execution of the IANA functions, which are largely administrative.    Ms. Plonk . Process in much the same way that they do today, through the Government Advisory Council to ICANN, as well as the various communities within the United States, business, civil society, and academia will have as much, if not more, access to provide accountability for the--both the execution of the IANA functions, but also the overall policymaking role that ICANN has. So I view it as a very positive----    Ms. Plonk . Thing for the U.S.    Ms. Plonk. So you will continue to have oversight over NTIA, and their work on this issue. If they continue to participate in the multi-stakeholder process, I don't see dramatic changes in that regard.    Ms. Plonk. There is no voting on the GAC, though, just to make the point.    Ms. Plonk. I do. I would only add that the other two communities, numbers and protocols, also have plans for how they will internally, you know, transition, if that needs to happen.