    Mr. Keegan. Thank you.    Good morning, Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee.    And my congressman, good morning, Congressman Tonko.    I am Joe Keegan, the mayor of a charming little village a few miles south of Albany, New York, on the banks of the Hudson River called Castleton-on-Hudson. We have a population of approximately 1,500 of the best people anywhere. My village is a member of the New York Rural Water Association, a nonprofit organization of small and rural communities throughout the State, which is somewhat responsible for my appearance here today. I got a call from the association on Monday asking about my availability, and I just happened to be traveling back to Castleton last night from a trip related to my day job.    My village is very typical and representative of communities that have water supplies in New York and the rest of the country. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the State of New York has 2,305 community water systems, 88 percent of those serve populations under 3,300. All of the small community and water and sewer utilities have to comply with the same regulations, testing, and certifications as the biggest cities, but with only our very small rate payer base. And we have to operate, maintain, and update our water infrastructure with very small budgets.    As a small community mayor, my number one concern and worry is drinking water and number two is wastewater. Everything else is a distant third. If there is a problem with the drinking water, it has to be addressed immediately, middle of the night, middle of the winter. It doesn't matter when. Every citizen and especially the most vulnerable depend on the safety of the water, including families with infants, schools, our nursing homes, and people with compromised immune systems. We can't have any contamination of the drinking water. Our sewer system also needs to function properly to avoid any possibility of a sewage spill or sewage backup into people's homes.    I would say to you that this really does keep me up at night. Congressman Tonko knows that, right now, our part of the State is buried in snow. Just last week, the frost penetrated the ground so deeply that we experienced two ruptures in our water mains that are 5 to 6 feet underground. This forced us to issue a boiled water advisory where we have to tell families to boil water as well as contact all the schools. They have to cover their water fountains, the press, the nursing home, et cetera. I actually call as many citizens as I can by robo-call. When something like this occurs, we manage the situation around the clock, locating equipment to excavate the frozen ground, repairing the waterline, getting the tests to the lab, and waiting for the all-clear results to lift the boil water order.    We appreciate the assistance of the subcommittee and Congress in helping us protect the public and successfully operate the public drinking water and wastewater supply through the various funding programs and the on-sight technical assistant initiatives. My village relies on this assistance.    I want to thank Congressman Tonko for sponsoring the Assistance Quality and Affordability Act of 2014 in the last Congress. Small and rural communities support your legislation because it enhanced the current Drinking Water State Revolving Fund by further targeting the funding to communities most in need. We do need help.    Everything from financing, regulations compliance, and the various programs are very complicated for small communities. We don't have financial professionals on staff and often don't understand many of the funding processes.    We currently have needs approaching $3 million for our wastewater system. We need new aeration tanks, new sludge drying equipment, and new pumps as our facility is over 30 years old. We need to stop rainwater from leaking into the system and overtaxing our capacity.    My water operator is constantly explaining to me the need for these upgrades and his concerns of possible failure. However, we don't really have a way to finance it. It would triple the sewer rates to take out a loan for that much. You can see in the picture at the back of my testimony that we have some very old drinking water pipes that need updating or replacing at a substantial cost. The one in the picture is stamped with a date from the 19th century, and they are still in the ground in parts of the village.    We are concerned that, without more waterline replacement, we are vulnerable to more breaks and crisis. And you can see the other picture of a tuberculated pipe we recently dug up that is loaded with corrosion and deposits to the point it is almost occluded.    In my remaining time, I just want to emphasize the essential assistance we receive from the New York Rural Water Association and explain why it is so helpful. The association has circuit riders that are on call throughout the State that will come and assist us immediately, including evenings and weekends. The circuit riders are all experts in the technical side of water operations. Just a week ago, we called for help for locating a water leak from a ruptured pipe that could have occurred over any part of 100 foot waterline. The circuit rider has specialized equipment that can detect noises and vibrations underground to locate the exact location of a break.    In addition, my operators receive 90 percent of the training needed to retain their operator's licenses from the New York Rural Water Association. We depend on them just like every other small community.    Mr. Chairman, I have a lot more to say, but you have been very charitable with your time and attention to small and rural communities.    And on behalf of every small town elected official, we are grateful. Thank you for hearing from us, and I will answer any questions later.    Mr. Keegan. Sure. We haven't had very much success. We have had some limitations due to the average income of our community. We have been told it has been too high and our average bill doesn't meet the minimum to qualify for the funding. We have hired two--we have paid two separate consulting firms to search out funds for us, and both reported the same thing.    Mr. Keegan. Well, we don't really--with the recent frost that--when we have a water main break it doesn't always just pop up through the pavement because the ground is so frozen. So we don't often know where the break is, and we don't have the tools or equipment to locate the break. So we have to either call a consulting firm, and that could be $1,500 a day to come with special tools, or we call the New York Rural Water Association. If they are available they will come. So that is--it is very difficult. We don't always know where the breaks are located.    Mr. Keegan. Oh, absolutely. We really just can't even entertain a municipal bond at this time, and right now we are only spending our budget items on repairs. We don't have enough money in our budget for replacement of old infrastructure. So we are looking for funding, but it has just been a struggle to find any that----    Mr. Keegan. Yes. Absolutely. We encourage the refunding of that.    Mr. Keegan. Absolutely. Yes. We call on lots of different--any technical assistance that can be provided to us is really of value.    Mr. Keegan. Absolutely.    Mr. Keegan. Probably save us on all the consulting fees that we spend looking for funding.    Mr. Keegan. We just raise our rates. We just had the--the DEC required our local school district to be on municipal water, and they passed a bond. So they passed that price on to the taxpayers, you know, to hook into the system at quite considerable expense, and----    Mr. Keegan. I am not sure.    Mr. Keegan. The paperwork is quite cumbersome, and, you know, usually we have to hire a consulting firm to help us apply for the loan.    Mr. Keegan. We just aren't--we just don't have the staff who can understand, you know, what is required in the paperwork. We give them the, you know, the data, how much water we use every day and that kind of thing.    Mr. Keegan. Absolutely. Yes.    Mr. Keegan. We have had a lot of trouble just accessing funds from either program. In New York State, a lot of the funding goes to communities that have some sort of citation, some problem with their system. Our engineers work very hard to keep our system smooth running. So we are sort of at the bottom of the pile. So----