    Ms. Bristol. OK, OK.    Ms. Bristol. Chairman, Ranking Member, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss our air traffic controller workforce.    Our controllers are proud professionals who are entrusted with our mission to run the safest, most efficient airspace system in the world. The National Airspace System is an extremely complex operation. We need to continually meet both the ongoing and the emerging needs of the aviation community. Therefore, we must remain committed to hiring, training, and supporting the best controller workforce in the world.    Today I would like to discuss four key areas of the FAA's controller staffing process: hiring, training, placement, and our collaboration with the National Air Traffic Controllers Association, or NATCA.    Let me start by discussing hiring. The agency has created two hiring tracks. One track is focused on reaching candidates with no previous air traffic experience. Candidates must meet the position's minimum qualifications and pass validated occupational tests, which include the biographical assessment and the Air Traffic Selection and Training test. The second track is a specialized air traffic control experience track. It focuses on reaching candidates with operational experience, such as military veterans with at least 1 year of air traffic control experience.    With these changes in our hiring process, the ATO is on track not only to meet, but to exceed the fiscal year 2016 hiring goal. This hiring process better addresses the agency's current hiring needs. It also ensures equitable treatment in the broadest pool of qualified candidates. We will continue to monitor and refine the process as necessary to ensure the best possible individuals are selected to maintain the safety and efficiency of the NAS .    Our robust training program at the FAA Academy and in our facilities provides a strong foundation for our new controllers. We have made continual improvements in our training curriculum in the last 5 years. The FAA Administrator recently convened an Aviation Rulemaking Advisory Committee with 11 experts from industry and the academic community. They will work with the FAA to evaluate innovative approaches for future hiring and training of air traffic controllers.    As with our hiring processes, the FAA continually strives to improve the training we provide our controllers. The Air Traffic Organization supports the air traffic controller basic qualification training working group under the Aviation Rulemaking Advisory Committee structure. We are also establishing a Center of Excellence for Technical Training and Human Performance. This will enable us to explore opportunities for cost share research and grants that could be used to help shape the future of air traffic controller training.    Along with hiring and training, we are also focused on placing new controllers in the right facilities. The FAA uses a priority placement tool to forecast and prioritize controller staffing requirements. It captures the latest priority ranking of all 315 facilities and it is sorted in order of greatest staffing need. We place trainees where we need them.    Collaboration is paramount to our success. The best way to meet staffing challenges is to collaborate with our labor partners. This means building relationships, establishing trust, and working together to make better decisions. Our collaboration with NATCA supports our ability to place controllers where we need them. We are jointly defining our priorities and working to improve the process by which controllers request reassignments to other facilities. And, in addition, we have established a collaborative resource working group with NATCA that is reviewing the staffing models that we have in place.    In conclusion, I believe that the FAA has a solid and comprehensive plan in place to address controller hiring, training, placement, and we collaborate with NATCA to ensure success. We have made tremendous progress in recent months, and I believe we are on the right track. While we are always looking for ways to improve, the air traffic system in the United States is extremely safe and efficient, and it remains the envy of the world.    We look forward to working with our Government and industry partners to consider even better ways to meet air traffic needs of the future. This concludes my statement, and I will be happy to answer your questions. Thank you.    Ms. Bristol. OK, thank you very much. So I think that the first metric to make is to make our hiring targets each year. We are on track to do that this year. We will probably exceed our goal, upwards----    Ms. Bristol. We have already met the goal, and we expect to exceed it by any number of applicants, probably in the high 1600s, for this fiscal year.    And I think that we have had some challenges over the years, and I think sequestration played a part in that, but I know that there have been a number of changes. And I think we are making progress. I think the changes that we have put into place, both process and tools, I think will continue to bear positive results as we move forward now and into the future.    My organization, the Air Traffic Organization, is working very closely with other parts of the FAA, including my colleague, Mr. Rickie Cannon, who is our deputy assistant administrator for human resource management. Our folks are working very closely together. And hiring and training is one of our highest priorities in the agency.    We are also working very closely with my colleague, Paul Rinaldi, and his team. We have put in place a number of changes in the way that we are working together on how we move people throughout the system, ensuring that we address the highest need facilities first and foremost, and really focus on putting our new hires in the lower level facilities.    Ms. Bristol. Right.    Ms. Bristol. Thank you.    Ms. Bristol. You want to----    Ms. Bristol. Right. So, as we stepped from 2015 to 2016, we transitioned to a new controller training contract. We wanted to ensure that we didn't have more trainees in the field than could go right into training. In other words, we track where individuals are and how many training resources are available to move those people through the----    Ms. Bristol. It was one consideration. As we move into next year, we are looking to bump that, and max out the academy, as well, in addition to bringing on previous-experience controllers over and above that number.    Ms. Bristol. So----    Ms. Bristol. That would be the controller workforce plan. It is put out every year. It is a 10-year document. It is strategic, it is very high level.    The ATO worked with NATCA, and that CRWG, which is a controller resource working group, it was ATO and NATCA----    Ms. Bristol. It doesn't take into account everyone that is in a facility. What it does is average out the certified professional controllers, and we set targets on how we are going to staff to that level and move people through the system to--from our more healthy to less healthy facilities. But we have to account for the developmentals that are also in the building.    So, in working together, I am very confident that is how we have a laser approach on who we are putting into which facilities.    Ms. Bristol. Congressman, I don't have those statistics with me. I would have to provide those to you.    Ms. Bristol. Yes. Thank you, Congressman. We are investigating that matter. We expect to wrap up that investigation in the next 2 to 3 days. And we will certainly circle back with your office to share that information.    Ms. Bristol. Do you want to----    Ms. Bristol. 2,000.    Ms. Bristol. 2,000.    Ms. Bristol. That would be during the fiscal year we----    Ms. Bristol. Plus we can also put experienced controllers directly into----    Ms. Bristol . The field to train them----    Ms. Bristol. It----    Ms. Bristol. In the en route option the failure rate at the academy is around 30 percent.    Ms. Bristol. Yes, sir, we----    Ms. Bristol. Yes.    Ms. Bristol. Right. We have embarked----    Ms. Bristol . Upon----    Ms. Bristol. Sir, we have started that process. We----    Ms. Bristol. We have started a controller working group----    Ms. Bristol. Right. Well, you know, right now we are--we have got--in the entire system, 14,376 folks that are working their way through the process, from the early levels through the top. We are striving right now to get our certified professional controllers in a range that is in the 80- to 85-percent rate, which we would feel is more healthy.    And so, we are focused on, in facilities that are above that, helping them--if they desire to go to a facility that is below that level, help them get there more quickly, so that we can start getting everybody up to that range.    Ms. Bristol. Yes. The annual controller workforce plan that is put out, it is a very high level--it is a strategic target. And it does give ranges, it gives a high and a low as an indicator of, you know, health, if you will, in a facility.    When we look at managing facilities every day, and how we move our controllers through the system and inside the buildings, it was clear that we needed a much more tactical tool, and that is why we worked with NATCA to laser in on individual facilities and how we place and recognize there are also people moving through the facility at the same time as they become more proficient.    So, the controller workforce plan, I think, serves a purpose. But for day-to-day management in the system, our organization works with that interim target on how we move and place people in the system.    Ms. Bristol. Well, thank you, Congressman. I think that is one of the priority reasons that we are so focused on moving our experienced controllers into some of our most critically staffing-challenged facilities.    There are different levels of overtime in every facility. And, you know, hours can vary. You know, my--I do not like to see people working more overtime than they need to. And that is why it is a priority for me to ensure that we get bodies as quickly as possible in, and then move bodies to where they really need to be to support the workforce that is already there.    Ms. Bristol. No, I would love to see every trainee be 100 percent successful and move, you know, through the academy and out and into our facilities and, again, you know, have that kind of a trajectory. We have a graduated process that we are working with, our students at the academy. And once they move into our facilities, again, we have got----    Ms. Bristol. Yes, I----    Ms. Bristol. I don't think it is. No, I don't think it is hard to get rid of someone. I think that----    Ms. Bristol. No, I think our controllers are very well compensated.    Ms. Bristol. OK. Well, thank you, Congresswoman. The national team that my organization is working with, with NATCA, to place certified professional controllers into other facilities, our teams have met twice now and we have done two rounds of controllers that we can look to be moving. Some are shorter term, some are a little bit longer. We have got two selections that would go into Dallas/Fort Worth TRACON that you had mentioned. So that is certainly a high priority for us, is looking to expedite the movement of controllers where we can into the more challenged facilities.    As far as the retirement eligibility, sometimes it is difficult. I mean we can estimate when controllers can retire. Certainly they have to go to their HR office to actually fill out the paperwork, and they are the only organizations, typically, that know for sure when. We know that controllers have to retire by the time they are 56. In some cases, especially in our critically challenged facilities, if we have controllers that want to work a little bit longer, we can grant waivers to do that, and it is not something that we do very often, but sometimes we do in those critically staffed places.    So again, we are trying to expedite our processes, staying on top of the hiring, and go through the entire process with training. It is something that I am committed to, and I know that my colleagues in the FAA and NATCA, as well--it is one of our highest priorities.    Ms. Bristol. It is actually pretty low. It is----    Ms. Bristol. I would have to get back to you. I don't have that number on the top of my head.    Ms. Bristol. Sir, my colleagues in aviation safety would probably be more up to speed and involved in that kind of a matter. I would have to defer to them, since they are the experts, and certainly have them circle back with you and your team.    Ms. Bristol. Thank you.    Ms. Bristol. Well, our workforce has been dealing with drones for quite some time. We work closely with DOD , DHS , other organizations for larger vehicles. The agency expects to pass a small UAS rule, as you know. And we will work in a very graduated manner on how we roll those vehicles into the National Airspace System.    We are working closely with NATCA on this matter, as well. I want to ensure that my workforce is trained, that they have the proper resources, and so we have a lot of activity in this area. I would say that we are going to move in a graduated manner to ensure that we have a very safe system, as we do today. Thank you.    Ms. Bristol. That would be mine, sir.    Ms. Bristol. That is OK, thank you. I think it is still too soon to say, because it takes time for controllers to work through the entire training process. But I will say that at the academy we had some curriculum changes, as well, between the terminal and en route courses, and it had to do with the way we do our performance verification. We wanted to standardize it more so that we didn't see as many failures in the field.    If a trainee can't make it through, we would rather see that happen earlier in the process than later in the process, because we continue to pay for that employee's development. So I think that is contributing, as well. And we don't see that necessarily as a bad thing. But completely? I don't think we have enough information yet to understand.    Ms. Bristol. Again, I don't think we know for certain yet.    Ms. Bristol. Yes.    Ms. Bristol. And Congresswoman, that is why I answered that question that way. I never had any doubt that we would not be able to provide that capability. And so, we will make a determination if the prototype can come online at that facility. But regardless, it will not impact in the least, and certainly it is not a safety issue.    At the same time, this month we expect to award the contract for the production system of that electronic flight strip capability. And so only a few facilities will have the prototype, and they will be the first ones to be replaced when we roll the production system out into the future.    Ms. Bristol. Yes, ma'am, we are.