    Mr. Vejvoda. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, members of the committee, thank you very much for the invitation to testify before you today on this important subject, as we have heard both from the introductory statements and from my colleague Charles Davidson.    Democratic transitions after 1989 confront the issue of the fact that there was practically no democratic political culture in the post-Communist space, in the space where one party ruled there was no pluralism, and where human rights were unknown to people. And so it had to begin with, as Hannah Arendt would put it, giving people the right, to understand that they have a right to have rights.    And so the legacy of the old, the inertia of the old corrupt ways lives on as the democratic transition advances and as the democratic political culture tries to find its roots. And probably the best comparison is between Poland and Ukraine that had the same level of economic development in 1990. We see where Poland is today and we see what has happened to Ukraine, complete differences in standards of living and the institutional democratic culture, not that Poland is without problems today, as we know.    The political winners of the Communist system--the political losers as democratic transition happens become the economic winners because they have all the inside information. They have the network through the secret services. And ultimately, as economic winners, they again become the political winners because of the nexus between the oligarchic structures and political parties.    One particularly difficult issue that is addressed is that of political parties themselves, as they rise from nowhere after the crumbling of the Communist system. And the problem there is the financing of political parties. Where do these parties find moneys to actually have a party structure throughout a country?    And that means, of course, that they have to lean on private business, and this is where a lot of the corrupt practices between the politics and economics, to speak all too gently, happens and where a lot of the corrupt practices. Of course, in Western societies we know that there are also these kinds of issues, but I would really like to highlight that problem in addressing the issue of corruption.    I, unfortunately, coming from the former Yugoslavia and Serbia, had to live through the worst of a criminalization of society and the state of Serbia under sanctions that were imposed in 1992. For a country under sanctions to survive, it goes into full corrupt mode.    And so when we emerged from the Milosevic regime in 2000, this was the state of affairs that we had to confront, how does one start pushing back this criminalization that was pervasive through the state. And of course it requires what other post-Communist countries do, and that is to reinforce the structures of democratic institutions, of structural reform, et cetera.    But that, as you know, requires support from the outside. And the role that the United States, Canada, the European Union member states, with their support through USAID, through development agencies has been extremely important.    It, of course, behooves the citizens and governments in each of these countries, whether we are talking about Ukraine, Moldova, Serbia, Montenegro, Albania, Kosovo, to actually do the work of reform. They need to be the stakeholders. They need to sense the desire of citizens to have a society democratic based on the rule of law and human rights.    And so that burden is principally on them, but it cannot be done without the principle of solidarity that we have seen delivered through these 25 and more years. And it requires in terms of what is to be done a holistic approach, and some of it we have already heard from Charles Davidson. So support to journalists, investigative reporting, support to civil society that pressures from below the governments to make them more accountable and responsible. Customs are an extremely sensitive point.    But the key and the backbone is judicial reform, a truly independent judiciary where citizens feel that no one is above the law and that everyone gets a fair trial. And we see the difficulties in acquiring fully independent judiciaries.    And so I would urge that the continuing work of USAID with the European Union in support of these democratic processes is one of the backbones, as I said, along with the citizens themselves and their elected officials pushing toward strengthening the rule of law and creating further stability for democratic political culture.    Mr. Vejvoda. Rule of law.    Mr. Vejvoda. Chairman, thank you for that question.    Sanctions are a double-edged sword, and any diplomat who has been engaged in this will say that. It is a kind of middle-of-the-road measure. It is without going and attacking a country for what it is doing. It doesn't want to leave that country unsanctioned or unpenalized. And thus sanctions are imposed.    When a country is under sanctions, it is obliged to somehow survive on the international market. And because there are sanctions through banks, through training, it goes underground. And there are ways in which people benefit from this, both domestically and internationally, by breaking sanctions rules.    That means internally, domestically, that everything is under control of the government. There is much less transparency or none at all in some of these dealings. And that particularly means energy imports, imports of foodstuffs. Then the customs, of course, becomes complicit because they have to let these things through without the people's right to taxation on trade being accomplished, and that then further empowers those and enriches those who are in power.    And so the reversal, once sanctions are lifted--and in the case of Serbia, sanctions were lifted only after the fall of Milosevic, it took about 10 years to do that--you then have to do all the work that any other country does in instilling the rule of law and strengthening the institutions.    Mr. Vejvoda. Domestically, definitely. As I said, it empowers the<greek-l>, quote/unquote, deg. ``elite'' or those who are in power.    Mr. Vejvoda. Chairman, could I----    Mr. Vejvoda. I would just add a few words. I am sorry.    Having lived under full sanctions--and what I am going to say is literal, that means that there were no Mickey Mouse cartoons on TV anymore, there was no Coca-Cola, it was really blanket--what happened was there was a learning curve where we eventually advocated, those of us who were in civil society fighting against the regime, was let's try and find something that has come to be called smart sanctions or rather targeted sanctions to individuals in the regime, to particular companies, to banks, et cetera, and not to have those who are actually working for democracy or freedom actually also be subject to it.    And that is what happened. The European Union, the United States then evolved in that regard. And that is how you then got individuals who were targeted, as is in the case of Russia, for example, or others.    Mr. Vejvoda. Yeah, it is definitely not an easy question, because what we see in populism is a kind of a perfect storm where there has been resilience and patience on the number of people who have been the losers of globalization.    And yet, it is strange, because if you take Germany, for example, it is one of the countries where there is the lowest level of unemployment, where they have high income in the working class, and yet there is a populist movement because there is a fear of migration, what it will do to the cultural identity of Germans. And so the so-called--the party called Alternatives for Germany, Alternative fur Deutschland, is capitalizing on that fear.    I was in Berlin in January and then just last week. And in January, members of the German Parliament told me: You must understand that there is a sense of panic in this country with this wave of migration that is coming in, that the government has lost control, and that, simply, there will be a wave of people in German cities.    Now, that has come under control, as you know, through the agreement between the European Union and Turkey. But the various segments of and reasons of why there is a populist movement are not solely in that case linked to issues of corruption. In Ukraine, it is definitely different, as was mentioned.    So I think one needs to look at a country-by-country basis, fully understand that there is something common in the transatlantic arena as we watch these movements rise.    Mr. Vejvoda. Thank you for your question, Congressman.    I didn't say that sanctions don't work. I said they are a double-edged sword. They have an effect that one wants to reach if one imposes sanctions, but they have a second face to them which is the internal corruption of society and state. And so I think it is finding that balance, and that is why I talked about this search for smart sanctions, targeting individuals, certain companies, et cetera.    In the case of Serbia, there was also this loose talk, as we heard in Russia when sanctions were just imposed: Oh, this will not have an effect, don't worry, we will be able to do it. But they do. They do have economic effect, as you mentioned, in South Africa; they were very effective in Cuba, as we know also, for many years. So they definitely hit like a radiation, maybe it is a scattershot that touches too many, has too many effects.    So, yeah, I think one has to keep drilling down. And we have a number of examples internationally of sanctions, and I think much has been learned from the various examples that have been mentioned.    I would also like to mention the case of Switzerland in regards to what Charles Davidson was saying about the banking secrecy in Switzerland and the pressure that the U.S. Government put on for many years for that secrecy to be revealed, because so many people from all over the world were putting their assets and their finances into. And Switzerland has had to come out and sign agreements on sharing information, both with the U.S., of course, and the European Union.    And so I think that is an example of the way to go to uncover the shell companies and, as one would say colloquially, follow the money, but then see where the money is being held and hidden and so that light is shed into those places where these people actually find ways where the money is laundered, where their assets are kept.    And Charles Davidson is right to mention London, which has been mentioned so many times over these past several years as a place where banks and institutions have profited.    And the agencies, the various agencies of the U.S. Government, of course Treasury Department, are key through their investigative roles in finding where actually the paths and the dynamics in which this corrupt money finds its way on the international arena.    And I would add that the international financial institutions play a key role, whether it is the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, who approve, of course, loans, or the various ways in which aid is given, but before that aid is given, countries need to accede to certain conditions and comply with certain conditions before money is sent.    Mr. Vejvoda. Fix that?    Mr. Vejvoda. Well, it is being fixed more or less successfully, and has been fixed, for example, in the Baltic countries. In Poland there are mixed results. And then you go to scale, Moldova is probably at the other end in this region of the world that I know best, which is Central and Eastern Europe and southeastern Europe, the Balkans.    Mr. Vejvoda. Well, the prevention, as I said, requires, to put it simply, a holistic approach, it requires what the people of Maidan did.    Mr. Vejvoda. Holistic.    Mr. Vejvoda. We are not going ballistic here.    Society awakens to the fact that it has the freedom to actually voice its desire to have an orderly society based on democracy. That does not happen overnight. Rome was not built in a day.    And we are seeing that even though many of us had illusions that it would go quicker in some of our countries, it has taken more time and there are twists and turns, as we see, for example, in Hungary, where there has been a regression of democracy over the past several years.    But, by and large, the countries that have come out of communism have step by step moved and created democratic institutions, instilled them with habits of the heart that are a democratic political culture. And since democracy is not given on a plate, it needs to be conquered every day.    And thus, people need to be vigilant to the fact that there are those who want to take on more power and rich, because in the end, many of these--at least the war in the former Yugoslavia was about retaining power. And populism and nationalist feelings were used for that power-retention strategy, which took us down the hellhole of war from which we recovered 10 years later, the different parts of Yugoslavia.    Mr. Vejvoda. Ukraine and Poland.    Mr. Vejvoda. That is an example, a comparison that so many people, economists, political scientists, use today to show how divergent these paths can be from an equal starting point.    Mr. Vejvoda. Yeah.    Mr. Vejvoda. Well, the difference was that there wasn't this effort at structural democratic reform that Poland went through beginning with 1990--or rather 1989--when they had their first----    Mr. Vejvoda. Absolutely. Leaders like Lech Walesa, who, as you know, spoke here in front of the Congress, and others who were determined, one, to return to Europe and correct the division of Europe that happened, the embrace by the European Union and the United States, the support that they got in these efforts from agencies like USAID.    Mr. Vejvoda. Absolutely. And that is what we did not see in Ukraine. Even though there was an enormous hope after the Orange Revolution when everyone hoped, Ukrainian citizens first and foremost, that finally they had got the courageous leaders backed by the political will of the people to do it, it is mildly put to say that there was huge disappointment, because these leaders of the Orange Revolution turned out to be involved in the same corrupt activities.    Mr. Vejvoda. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much. Just, obviously, no one has the monopoly on virtue, but I think as democracy and capitalism evolved, there was an understanding that there is a need to put boundaries to wealth, respecting the full freedom of entrepreneurship, and that is what has made the West writ large successful, because of that freedom of speech, of enterprise, of association.    And so when one speaks of oligarchs or simply wealthy people in the United States or Europe, it is the fact that they have to pay taxes. And obviously some of them try to avoid it by going to shell companies or sending their money abroad.    Mr. Vejvoda. Yeah. Well, Citizens United, as you know, is a contentious question here: Is money good in politics or bad? In Europe, there are limits, as you know, and parties get money from the Parliament and private money is not involved. So that is a whole very big and, I think, important issue for the type of polity and political framework that we all have.    But I think the key thing here is really, again, the rule of law. And I think if, as Mr. Kolesnikov said, people who have money would rather have the rule of law where they can keep the money in their own national bank rather than have to have it somewhere else, I think it is that fear or threat of racketeering.    There are countries where people are very successful business people, and then the government, because of the lack of the rule of law or authoritarian structure, simply say, ``Well, okay, you have made this money now; now we take over,'' and you are lucky if you save your life, and go do business elsewhere. So I think that is really the major difference between these authoritarian countries and the others where there is a democratic system based on the rule of law.    Mr. Vejvoda. Thank you, Congressman Meeks, for those questions. Specifically on that last one, I think, having lived in a country that was under sanctions, they take time and they drill and they work and they cause pain to the economy, because you are not fully open. Of course, a country like Russia can impose countersanctions, which a small country like Serbia could not, and so there is pain in certain parts of the European economy. But as open, democratic, capitalist societies, they find easier ways in which they can reorient their trade.    So, yeah, I mean, the answer is yes, I think they are effective. As we said at the beginning, or I said, they are a double-edged sword. They have diverse effect. And as diplomats will say, this is a kind of middle-of-the-road measure when you don't want to go to war and on the other hand you don't want to do anything. It is something in between.    What is the measure of success? I think, as we all agree, there is corruption in every society, even the most democratic. I guess in a Sweden or wherever, you will find examples. I remember the case of former Chancellor Helmut Kohl, the unifier of Germany in the beginning of the 1990s, he was caught with his hand in the party slush fund of the Christian Democratic Union. That was quite a well-known case. I think of Enron here in the U.S. or things like that. There are things that spring forward.    But I think the measure is really how high or low the level of corruption is. I don't think one can eliminate it. There is something in human nature where people will try and skew the rules. You have British parliamentarians who have abused the moneys they have used. I don't want to mention any names here, but some of them have actually gone to jail. Your colleagues in Westminster simply paid out of what was supposed to be for their staffers for a house aid or their garden or some home improvement. So that shows that even if you live in a democratic country, you are not immune to that.    So I would simply say that the lower the level of corruption, the more successful we are in actually tackling it. And, again, it is something like democracy itself. One needs to work at it every day to have the agencies of government, to have the supervisors of the supervisors at customs posts, the various agencies, to oversee whether things are being done appropriately. And, of course, the taxation system that needs to oversee the fact is everyone actually paying their fair deal, and I would say more for those who are wealthier disproportionately than at the other end, but the law is equal for everyone.    Mr. Vejvoda. If I may start. I was in Ukraine just at the beginning of November when they voted in the electronic government, e-government element on procurements. And this is one of the key--one of many measures that needs to be implemented in many places, because it simply makes the procurement process, governmental procurement process transparent. And people can follow on the Web sites, rather than in dark rooms, where deals are made and deals are made much more difficult, if not impossible, if you have an e-procurement system.    The other thing that has been positive is that Ukrainian officials have had to declare their assets, all of them. And the punishments or penalties if they do not that were pretty high, and so everyone declared their assets. Now, the surprise was that many parliamentarians declared that they had 10 apartments or 10 cars or whatever, and so the Ukrainian people suddenly were a bit in shock and awe because their representatives suddenly, they realized, had made money in ways that are not appropriate.    So as in any country, I would say that Ukraine is doing a lot to clean up their act, to put it colloquially, but on the other hand, the old habits are not going away so quickly. And the various levels of corruption, and I think Vice President Biden rightly spoke in those terms about a cancer, and it is a battle royal that is going on for, to put it poetically, the soul of Ukraine, while they are at war, while they are in a situation where a part of their territory has been taken by Russia, contrary to all international law, and where there is the conflict in the east where Russia is involved in various ways. So it is like reforming, you know, repairing a ship in a high storm.    But, again, this is really a test case where, with the support of the United States, of the European Union, and the European Union is putting equally a lot of money into Ukraine and their reforms, and I would say that this needs to be pursued, even though there are these difficulties that everyone perceives, and keep the feet to the fire of the elected Ukrainian officials to pursue these efforts.    There will be setbacks, but if the vector is recognizably in the good direction, I think we should, as the West, support this country that wants--and, again, the Maidan was a clear signal that the people of Ukraine do want to change.    I would add to what Charles Davidson said, that it was about corruption, which it absolutely was, but it was also about the fact that the Ukrainians thought that their government was taking them to the European Union. The day that Yanukovych, former President Yanukovych, decided not to sign that next step to the European Union, that is when Maidan started.    So it was a coincidence of two things. If we feel, as the people of Ukraine, that you are taking us to Europe, however slowly you are moving, we are okay, and we know that you are corrupt and we will clean this up. But the day that Yanukovych, said, no, we are not going to Europe, that is when all the European flags came onto the Maidan. So I think it is important to understand those two things.