    Mrs. Davis. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to all of you. As the chairman stated, I think our witnesses today are very well-suited to address us on those issues, having served in the Pentagon, having been through, I guess, the highs and lows on a number of acquisitions. And we certainly wish that you will share with us as forthright and honestly as you can what goes well and sometimes what doesn't go so well. What are those lessons learned? It is important for us to really take a close look at that and be sure that we are doing everything that is the most efficient and the most agile in terms of acquisition but, at the same time, encouraging people to innovate and even to take risks where that is appropriate. Sometimes the whole concept of being free to fail is something that often is not discussed as well as I think it should. And we know that there are certain areas in which that is more possible and others in which it certainly is not.    I think we also want to get your thoughts on the impact of Congress, where we are constantly changing the acquisition system. We know that each year a portion of the NDAA, known as title VIII, includes dozens and sometimes hundreds of pages of new law. In last year's bill, for example, both this committee and our Senate counterparts added around 75 multifaceted and detailed new acquisition laws. So while this annual effort to fix the acquisition system is well intended, there is certainly a chance that these constant changes in the law could be making it more difficult for DOD to make good decisions on programs.    We welcome your input today and look forward to what you have to say. Thank you very much for being here.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. The committee is pleased to welcome Ms. Christine Fox, who formerly was Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation in the Office of the Secretary of Defense, is currently affiliated with Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory; Mr. Robert Hale, formerly the Comptroller at the Department of Defense, currently affiliated with Booz Allen; and Admiral Sandy Winnefeld, former Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, who is currently teaching at the Sam Nunn School and also associated with the Kennedy School up at Harvard.    Again, thank you all for being here.    Without objection, your full written statement will be made part of the record. And now you will be recognized for any comments you would like to make.    Ms. Fox.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to go back just a second to the changes in the law and the independent estimates and just to drill down a little bit further because I think, Admiral Winnefeld, you spoke, maybe it was Mr. Hale, that talked more about the operation and support costs, the difficulty in getting those right. What is missing as we look at those that we need to change or build on?    Mrs. Davis. When we think of innovation and we are often thinking about technology, per se. And having fresh eyes on that is always helpful. I am wondering in this area as well as perhaps in others, are we really going outside the Pentagon community, if you will, to bring that in? Even in this area, where private industry is looking out at it a whole different way, have we done as much as we can in that area?    Mrs. Davis. All right. Thank you.    And perhaps, again, getting those additional eyes on it, if that can be built in, to some extent. Sounds like that would certainly be helpful. Just very quickly, one of the differences, perhaps, we have had in moving forward is the difference in classified versus nonclassified acquisition systems, et cetera. Do we handle them differently? Is that rapid innovation more cultural with classified systems and less so? And what could we learn from that? How do we fuse those in a way that is responsible?    Mrs. Davis. What would do you do?    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    The Chairman. Mr. Conaway.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just quickly, I think as you were speaking, Ms. Fox, you know, sometimes we know what people do, but asking why we are asking them to do it is different. And sometimes that is a little harder to incorporate.    We have a better budget right now in terms of predictions. I mean, there is a little bit more predictability in the budget. I hope that is correct. And I am wondering, is there a way of tracking, if you will, how people are performing, how we are doing as a result of that, and being able to go back so that future Congresses will see the difference? And I am--you know, really some metrics that get a handle on the impact, the consequences of doing things in a more predictable fashion. Is this a good time to look at that? What would those metrics look like?