    Ms. Petee. Good morning, Chairwoman Walorski, Ranking Member McGovern, and Members of the Nutrition Subcommittee. It is my pleasure to be here today as the Executive Director of The Root Cause Coalition, as well as the Chief Advocacy Officer for ProMedica, a Toledo, Ohio based nonprofit health system that serves 27 counties of northwest Ohio and southeast Michigan. I have spent the better part of my career working with clinicians, administrators, policymakers, health care leaders, and community partners to address health disparities in ProMedica's service area. As we battled epidemics of low birth weight, childhood obesity, diabetes, heart disease, cancer, and other chronic diseases, we, like many health care providers across the country, began to ask, why? Why are we seeing such high rates of these issues in our community?    From this simple question, ProMedica began a journey that, in partnership with the AARP Foundation, founded The Root Cause Coalition, to bring the full power of the health care community to bear in addressing the social determinants of health, with specific focus on hunger as a health issue. If I have learned anything from this work, and this is the most important thing that I hope the Committee will take away from my short time with you today, is that hunger is a health issue, and food is the best medicine.    It is because of this indisputable fact that the work of the Subcommittee to strengthen our nation's nutrition policy is so vitally important. Your work on these basic building blocks, especially the SNAP Program, have far-reaching impacts on many issues at the foundation of a strong future for our country. Proper nutrition, especially during an individual's developmental years, has a direct impact on the long-term productivity, economic status, and health of that individual, and ultimately entire communities. The programs overseen by this Committee are about more than the immediate needs of hungry children, adults, and seniors. These programs are core investments in the health and well-being of your constituents, and our nation's ability to adapt to an ever-changing global economy.    As a nation, the health care community in particular are coming to terms with the realization that the social determinants of health, especially access to proper nutrition, have a direct impact on an individual's health. Lack of access to proper nutrition not only leads to and exacerbates a plague of chronic physical and mental health conditions, but it also impedes brains development, educational outcomes, and economic viability. It limits access to safe, affordable housing and transportation, and leads to disciplinary and public safety concerns. Proper nutrition is the cornerstone of our ability to ensure the lifetime health of individuals, communities, and our nation. Without it we cannot hope to have a lasting impact on a litany of other social determinants affecting community health.    But this is more than just an altruistic discussion, it is about dollars and cents. The cost of hunger to the health care community alone totals nearly $130.5 billion every year, and the cost to every U.S. citizen over a lifetime is on pace to reach roughly $42,400. We know that ensuring pregnant women have access to nourishing food throughout pregnancy increases the chance for a full term, healthy weight baby. To put that in perspective, in 2008 approximately ten percent of births nationwide included a diagnosis of pre-term or low birth weight, but those births accounted for nearly 45 percent of all infant hospitalization costs, or over $10 billion. These low birth weight and pre-term babies are also at a greater risk of delayed development, chronic disease, and a lifetime of poor health.    We know that hunger is a health issue, we know that food is the best medicine, and we know that the SNAP Program is helping to address the immediate needs of the most vulnerable in our communities. We also know that Congress, and programs such as SNAP, are not, and should not, be the only solution. SNAP is an essential safety net that must remain strong to ensure the most vulnerable in our communities do not fall through the cracks. But the health care industry must be part of a more permanent solution to addressing basic needs as well. That is why we at ProMedica have begun to screen patients for food insecurity in our acute care and physician office settings. We have food pharmacies that replace the cycle of medicine being used to treat conditions that nutritious food can treat more effectively. ProMedica has even eliminated a food desert in Toledo's inner city by opening a 5,000 square foot grocery store that is now being used as a model not only for food access and affordability, but for job training and economic growth. And through The Root Cause Coalition, we are working with organizations across our community, and across the country, that showcase creative, effective partnerships in addressing food insecurity, nutrition education, and even economic development so that every citizen can reach his or her highest potential. Thank you for your time this morning.    Ms. Petee. Thank you, Congressman. I think it would have a devastating impact, obviously, and, to your point, the fact that those programs exist are what help us complement, and make sure that the SNAP Program, and WIC, and other programs do work. If those programs were cut, and people did not know where to go, or how to access those critical nutritious foods, our programs wouldn't have a reason to exist, and it would be really going out almost on a door to door basis, which, obviously, is not tenable.    There is an adage that you can teach a man to fish or give him a fish, and it is much better to teach him how to fish. I like to add that we have to find the pond in the communities, and we have to make sure that we identify that there is a pond in which people can go and do their fishing. And education for so many of these people who have been born into poverty, and can't break that cycle until they get the proper education and access, is critical. So reducing SNAP would have a devastating impact.    Ms. Petee. I will just----    Ms. Petee. I will just underscore what the others have stated, that we see the same challenges in our rural communities. Again, in southeast Michigan, we have received a USDA grant for a veggie mobile that actually goes from spot to spot in the rural communities because of transportation, and, to your point, the irony of living in a farmland, and not having access to the fresh fruit that is being grown around you. So it is a challenge. The incentives are critically important, and the education that goes with these programs is really essential. People do learn how to prepare foods that they have been unfamiliar with because they didn't have access to them. They learn how to stretch the dollar, stretch the food, make different meals, and make it last. So it is very important.    Ms. Petee. Congresswoman, if I could comment on that, and I would like to acknowledge too that last June we partnered with Presbyterian Health Services in Albuquerque to do a hunger summit, and you know the great work they are doing. And I would encourage us to look to the health care industry, hospitals, health systems in communities are often the largest employer. It is not a position that we have wanted to get to, but, to your point, when other industries and businesses are losing jobs, we find ourselves in a very precarious predicament, where we are the employer, but it is also incumbent on us, especially as a nonprofit organization, and by and large the hospital systems are, to make sure that we are out in the community, we have a mission beyond our four walls.    So it is a matter of getting the local government and the state government together. That is what we started to do in Ohio with ProMedica. That is our aim, really, through The Root Cause Coalition. Because it is going to take the work with Congress, the work with local and state governments, and then the work with the health care industry, and other related organizations. Not one organization can do this alone, but we really do need everyone at the table.    Ms. Petee. Yes, thank you for the question, Congresswoman. It is going quite well, and, as you can imagine, making a shift from typical carryout items that you would see in a corner store to implementing fresh fruits, vegetables, milk, as opposed to just juices and soda pop, is quite well received. And, in fact, the grocery store that we opened in the inner-city of Toledo is part of the broader effort, because we realize how essential it is to make sure that access to affordable, nutritious fruits, vegetables, dairy, protein, is essential.    It really takes the whole community. I can attest that Toledo is working as a community. I have often said there is no market share in hunger, so we have a couple different health systems in Toledo, but it takes everybody working at that same table to make sure that we are level setting the playing field for everyone involved. And that is one of the reasons, again, going back to The Root Cause Coalition, that we felt it was critical to establish such a national coalition. We have commissioned the CDC to do a research study, through The Root Cause Coalition, that will be identifying what different hospitals and health systems across the country are doing to combat food insecurity, nutrition, obesity education throughout the country. And what we intend to do with that data is identify what is working, what is not working. Of what is working, how do we replicate that for different geographies and regions of the country? Because, obviously, there are many different ways in which we come to this problem.    So it goes back to the comment I made earlier, that it really takes everyone at the table. To get the most benefit out of the assistance and incentive programs that the government offers, it really takes the local communities, the local government, and the state communities working together.    Ms. Petee. May I add a comment to that about the stigma?    Ms. Petee. I think that is one of the reasons we are finding the food insecurity screening in our hospitals being so effective, is because we do a two question screen that, if the patient answers yes to either of those questions, it prompts further evaluation by either a social worker or a clinician who is trained to have that conversation. Then we are working to enroll those patients right there at the bedside into the SNAP programs, or whatever assistance programs.    Also, we just opened a food pharmacy last April, so coming up on a year, and we have 19 physicians in one of our clinics that will actually write a prescription for food versus medicine. That conversation with the individual to go get this prescription filled, which is nutritious food, takes away so much of the stigma for that individual, who then utilizes the other food banks and pantries in the intervening weeks before that prescription can be rewritten. So they are understanding better, this is for my health, this is something that my doctor has given me the green light to do. I am not a failure, these services are out there for me to use. We have seen just tremendous use of the food pharmacy, so much so that we opened a second one just last month. And many hospitals across the country are doing the same. Thank you.    The Chairwoman. Thank you.