    Mr. Hice. Thank you very much.    I think, Ms. Bresch, you've had a lot of questions today and a lot of pressure put on you. I appreciate you coming. I'm personally very hesitant to go down the path of government getting involved in what individuals make and can't make. This is a free enterprise system. And I get very worried when we start going down that tree. My concern is where the bottleneck is occurring.    And, Dr. Throckmorton, I'd like to ask you, an abbreviated new drug application, as I understand it, is an application when companies want to manufacturer a generic drug, that's what they must utilize. Is that correct?    Mr. Hice. Sure.    Mr. Hice. Okay. But a true generic.    Do you know how many abbreviated new drug applications are currently pending with the FDA?    Mr. Hice. It's my understanding that the generic applications submitted to the FDA are outpacing those applications that are approved three to one. Is that correct?    Mr. Hice. Twenty-four hundred?    Mr. Hice. Okay.    Mr. Hice. Okay. Could you verify for me, could you get the numbers back to us, what the number of applications submitted versus those that are being approved?    And, next, can you tell me the median approval time for generic drugs right now?    Mr. Hice. I'm talking about now. I would like that information as well.    Mr. Hice. Okay. Because the generic pharmaceutical association says it's taking 47 months. It's taking 4 years.    Mr. Hice. What do you mean that's misunderstanding?    Mr. Hice. All right. From beginning of the process to the end of the process, are you disputing that it takes 4 years?    Mr. Hice. Well, I mean, you can make all sorts of promises. I'm talking about realistically, for those who have been trying, have they been trying for 4 years from the time they start till the time they finish?    Mr. Hice. Okay. All right. I don't want to run around the bush. I'm trying to find out how long does it take from beginning to end, and from those that have been involved in the process, they're telling us it takes 4 years.    Now, since 2012, the generic manufacturers, of course, they've been paying fees to the tune of billions of dollars to try to speed the process up through the Generic Drug User Fee Agreement. And this past July, as I understand, the FDA actually said that they had acted on more than 90 percent of the generic applications. I assume that's a little bit of what you're referring to now.    Mr. Hice. The backlog is 90 percent?    Mr. Hice. All right. So are you saying of the 4,600, there's only 100 left, that 4,500 have been approved?    Mr. Hice. No, I don't want to rubber stamp, but the process is bottlenecked. That is the frustration. The free enterprise system works when you've got multiple companies out there offering products and options for people. We have a scenario now that EpiPen basically, you've got 94 percent of the market, whatever, and you're the only major player.    And reason for is because you guys are not processing a host of others who are trying to get in the market, and when it's taking 3, 4, 5 years for that to occur and who knows how many millions of dollars to go through the process, I mean, no wonder the whole system is not working.    Mr. Hice. The European counterpart only has 24 generic drugs awaiting approval, and they do it from beginning to end in less than a year. That is not what we're experiencing here.    Mr. Hice. Well, it must be because it's not taking nearly as long as ours does.    Mr. Hice. Well, Mr. Chairman, my time has expired, and I yield back.    But, yes, we've got tremendous concerns with a drug going from $100 to $600, and there's issues that you all have got to deal with. But we can't place all the blame on you. FDA has got to get their act together and start working the process and getting this thing going through.    And I look forward to receiving the information that you said you would send.    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.