    Ms. CHU. No.    Ms. CHU. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this important hearing. I am happy to be here today to fill in for Congress Member Takai, the ranking member of the Contracting and Workforce Subcommittee.    With over $400 billion spent for goods and supplies, the Federal procurement marketplace provides an important customer base for small business. However, the total volume and value of contracts has declined over the last several years, largely due to budget constraints and sequestration. This has led to greater competition between firms as fewer contracting dollars are available.    Given these challenges, the tools and programs available to small businesses play a vital role in enabling small businesses to break into the Federal marketplace. Today's hearing will allow us to focus on the mentor-protege program and what it means for small firms.    Through mentor-protege programs, small businesses are able to receive a broad array of business development assistance through various methods, including training, obtaining certifications, and in some cases, receiving loans or non-competitive subcontract awards.    These benefits not only help protege firms contract with the Government, but also assists them in building up their capacity. Doing so enables them to successfully compete in the marketplace at the conclusion of their mentor-protege agreement.    Small businesses are not only the beneficiaries of these programs, they also incentivize large companies to match with a protege firm. However, there are concerns that mentor-protege programs have become too focused on providing incentives to mentors rather than ensuring proteges actually receive their designated benefits.    In fact, GAO previously found that while certain programs had policies in place to ensure that participants benefitted from the various mentor-protege programs, the information regarding the ability of the protege to compete for contracts without the mentors was not available because agencies did not collect the data on proteges after the conclusion of the agreement.    While some programs have policies to ensure participants benefit from the mentor-protege programs, GAO found that conclusory data collection was inadequate. In fact, we do not know if protege companies are able to successfully compete for contracts without their mentors because agencies neglect to collect that type of information.    Furthermore, several groups have expressed frustration regarding the lack of parity between small business eligibility rules in the various mentor-protege programs.    As a result of these findings, many changes have been made or proposed to the existing mentor-protege programs. Congress passed legislation that would require SBA to approve mentor-protege programs at civilian agencies to ensure that proper controls were put in place.    In fact, in the 112th Congress when I served as ranking member of the Contracting and Workforce Subcommittee, I worked with Congress Member Schilling to introduce the Building Better Partnerships Act. This bill, which was incorporated into the 2013 NDAA, and eventually passed into law, required SBA to expand their program to include other small business subgroups that had previously been excluded.    Earlier this year, SBA finally released the proposed rule for these changes, and the final rules are expected to be released early next year. However, changes to mentor-protege programs have not been limited to civilian programs.    Despite metrics showing growth in its small business participants, many changes were made to the DOD's mentor-protege program. These changes reflect growing doubt that the program is effectively executing its mandated goal, and others worry that the program cost/reimbursement tool is not being properly utilized at some mentor firms.    Because the program is not permanent and requires reauthorization, these concerns may never be addressed. In order to do so, Congress must reach a compromise on a fair NDAA that protects the future of this program.    We know these programs make a difference to small businesses. We have seen many instances of their success. It is my hope that today's hearing will shed light on how the various mentor-protege programs are aiding small businesses that compete in the Federal marketplace.    I look forward to hearing about the steps that DOD and SBA are taking to ensure these small firms are in fact benefitting from their mentor-protege agreements. With that, I thank the witnesses for testifying, and I yield back.    Ms. CHU. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Mr. Wesley, thank you for collecting that data during and after the proteges do leave.    Mr. Shoraka, the mentor-protege programs are very important to me. In the 112th Congress, as you heard, I helped introduce the Building Better Business Partnerships Act, which was incorporated into the 2013 NDAA. I also introduced an amendment which passed into law which allowed for mentor-protege agreements to be grandfathered into the new program until the expiration date of their agreements.    I would like to follow up on the implementation of this amendment. Have you seen these preexisting agreements fitting into the program, and what steps is SBA taking to ensure that these existing mentor-protege programs are still honored?    Ms. CHU. My amendment also clarified that program regulations must protect proteges against actions that negatively impact them or provide disproportionate benefits to the mentor.    I introduced this amendment to ensure that mentors do not receive more benefits from the programs than their proteges. How is SBA working to make sure that this safeguard is being implemented?    Ms. CHU. Are those reports available to us?    Ms. CHU. Checks and balances.    Ms. CHU. Let me ask about funding. When Congress mandated the mentor-protege programs for the small business subgroups, there were no funds available for their implementation. SBA has estimated that at least 2,000 firms could become active in the proposed mentor-protege program. Does SBA currently have the resources necessarily to handle such a large number of first time new applicants?    Ms. CHU. Thank you. My time is up and I yield back.