    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I do want to thank you and Mr. Engel for your leadership.    This is a terribly important piece of legislation and maybe more critical now than ever. And adding the cyber piece, I echo what my friend Mr. Rohrabacher just said. I think that is critical. It was only a few years ago that the entire banking system of South Korea actually was shut down in a cyberattack almost certainly from the North. So reporting on that is very important. I want to thank you also for--I know we are supposed to speak to the underlying bill, but I have got to run back to another hearing where I am a ranking member, but two amendments that I authored, and I thank you and Mr. Engel for accepting them, one was in the core bill from last year, and this is, expanding reporting requirements, including asking the State Department to tell us, what are you telling China? What are you asking China to do with respect to the recommendations of the Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in Korea? And I think that is actually very important. That China relationship is changing. It is evolving. It can be a critical piece of leverage we otherwise don't have. And so while it looks like a simple reporting requirement, actually, I am hopeful and I know that you and Mr. Engel are as well, Mr. Chairman, that we can use this as a point of leverage.    And then, finally, thank you for accepting an amendment in this markup on family reunification. I can tell you in my district I have got constituents, Korean constituents, who have not seen their families since the end of the--well, since the secession of hostilities in the Korea conflict. To go 70 years without seeing a loved one is heartbreaking, and they probably will die before they get to see their relatives. And so family reunification, a very major issue, and we know that South Korean President Park Geun-hye has sought to improve in that regard in her peace and reunification initiative. And I think we should be supportive of that. And I thank you both for including those provisions and for your leadership in this matter.