    Mr. Lowenthal. No, that is wonderful.    Mr. Lowenthal. Well, thank you, Chairman Frelinghuysen and Ranking Member Visclosky, members of the committee. Thank you for allowing me this time to discuss with you the importance of STEM education for the Department of Defense, specifically the STARBASE program.    Providing science, technology, education, and math education to America's youth is critical to the global competitiveness of our Nation. The STARBASE program engages local fifth grade elementary students by exposing them to STEM subjects through an inquiry-based curriculum that is currently active now in 56 congressional districts throughout the country. The program is carried out by the military service because the lack of STEM education and STEM-educated youth in America has been identified as a future national security issue by the Department of Defense.    As somebody who is very close to that program and gone through and watches those students, I can just tell you, this is a wonderful, wonderful program. It is one of the most cost-effective programs.    We are asking again to restore the STARBASE program at a modest funding level of $30 million. The DOD STARBASE program costs only $343 per student. Last year, over 3,000 classes were conducted in 1,267 schools, among a diverse 413 school districts across the country. More than 70,000 students attended the program, bringing the program to a total of 825,000 since its inception.    I would just like to say I came back from my own STARBASE program, and I just received this message from Stacey Hendrickson of the California State Military Reserve, who is the director of the STARBASE program at the Los Alamitos Joint Forces Training Base, which is in my district. And she says, ``Congressman Lowenthal, I wanted to let you know that one of our schools, the 96th Street Elementary School in Watts, earned their highest science standardized tests ever. We were very excited to hear, as all these students had shown a big increase in our own pre- and post-testing''--I can show you that--``and now these students are showing dramatic improvement on their API performance, the Academic Performance Index.''    So we are now beginning to have a lot of data to support this. I can just tell you, to watch fifth graders on a military base, as I did just this past week, program robots, work with these robots, fifth graders, watch these robots and learn the scientific method as they saw the problems, as they built a tremendous place for them to demonstrate this, a terrain, and then, when that didn't work, to go back to their computers, fix it, understand that science is a process of correction and following a particular procedure.    These are little kids, and I am amazed to watch them. And the fact that we have the ability on our bases to really inspire young children to follow science and technology and mathematics and engineering at this very young age, never would have been exposed to this.    And we know how critical that by the fourth grade students begin to lose interest in science and technology, and if they come from environments where they are not exposed to this. It is really through, I think, this call by the Department of Defense to really promote science technology as a national issue, defense issue.    And I am just really pleased to be here. I cannot think of a better use of $30 million. I want to thank the committee and the chairman last year for putting it back into the budget. I hope you will do the same. This is a great, great program at a fraction of the cost.    And you can see also, like out at my base, how excited those volunteers are to teach these kids, because they feel like they are doing something for their country. They are educators frequently. I have lots of Army Reserve and National Guard folks, and they feel like they are really promoting, they are coming on the base and doing what is so important for the Nation.    And they can provide these young children experiences that they can't get in public educational schools because they don't have the ability to use the computerized setting. They have 3D printers. We built rockets one day. Can you imagine, fifth graders building rockets? It is just a great program.    Mr. Lowenthal. And I actually have some test scores to indicate how our fifth graders have improved on both the pre- and post-tests we have done, and also now on the Academic Performance Index too.    I want to thank the committee. You have been great for putting it back in on both sides of the aisle. And I just think it is a wonderful use of a very small amount of money.    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you.    Mr. Lowenthal. I really appreciate that.