    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    We seem to have on the Committee very differing views of what we're going to be talking about today, I suppose the witnesses have picked up on that already.    I'd like to describe what I think are three thoroughly flawed bills, and I begin with H.R. 348 the misleadingly titled ``Responsibly And Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015.'' Rather than making real reforms to the process which Federal agencies undertake environmental impact reviews as required by the National Environmental Policy Act, this legislation will make this process less responsible, less professional and less accountable.    I think that will come out during the course of our discussion between us today. But worse yet this measure could jeopardize public health and safety by prioritizing speed over meaningful analysis. Under the guise of streamlining the approval process, the bill forecloses potentially critical input from various stakeholders, including Federal, State and local agencies for construction projects that are Federally funded or that require Federal approval.    Disturbingly, this measure could even allow such projects to be approved before the required review is completed. As a result, H.R. 348 could allow projects to proceed that put public health and safety at risk. These failings along with many others explain why the Administration and the President's Council on Environmental Quality, along with 25 respected environmental groups, including the Audubon Society, the League of Conservation Voters, Natural Resources Defense Council and the Sierra Club strenuously oppose similar legislation considered in the last Congress.    The next bill, H.R. 712, the ``Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015,'' has a simple goal, to greatly discourage the use of settlement agreements and consent decrees by Federal agencies when they fail to meet their regulatory obligations as mandated by Congress.    Why is this bill problematic? Well, here are a few reasons, as with the prior bill, H.R. 712 would effectively delay the implementation of regulatory protections, thereby jeopardizing public health and safety. For example, the bill gives opponents of regulation multiple opportunities to stifle rulemaking by allowing essentially any third party who is affected by the regulatory action at issue in a covered civil action to intervene in that civil action subject to rebuttal, to participate in settlement negotiations, and to submit public comments about a proposed consent decree or settlement agreement that agencies would be required to respond to before such decree or agreement can be entered in court.    Remember, Federal agencies are often sued for their failure to meet their statutory obligations, including missing rulemaking deadlines. Consent decrees and settlement agreements help to enforce the statutory mandates and assure that these agencies meet their obligations by a date certain. But, H.R. 712 would needlessly impede this enforcement process by imposing an extensive series of burdensome requirements on agencies seeking to enter into consent decrees or settlement agreements.    A broad coalition of civil rights, environmental consumer protection, and other public interest groups opposed a substantially similar bill considered in the 112th and the 113th Congresses. These organizations include the Alliance for Justice, the American Association for Justice, the Center for Food Safety, the Defenders of Wildlife, Earth Justice, the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Center for Effective Government and Public Citizen. Additionally, the Administration threatened to veto H.R. 712's predecessor from the 112th Congress, stating that it would spawn excessive regulatory litigation and introduce redundant processes for litigation settlements.    And finally, we have H.R. 1155, the ``Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome Act of 2015'' or for short the ``SCRUB Act.'' Most observers would agree in principle that retrospective review of existing regulations is a good idea. Agencies should periodically assess whether the rules they have promulgated are as effective as they can be or whether they are even necessary in light of changed circumstances. Unfortunately, the SCRUB Act would not simply require retrospective review, instead it is yet another attempt to hobble the ability of agencies to regulate and thereby prevent them from protecting public health and safety based on unsubstantiated rhetoric that regulations inhibit economic growth.    As a threshold matter, the central feature of the bill is the establishment of a commission to identify rules that should be eliminated. The commission would effectively be able to second guess the judgments of Congress and the agencies with respect to the need for certain rules and the science and analysis warranting such rule.    The bill reflects a blatantly one sized, unbalanced approach to retrospective review. For example, virtually all of the bills objectives and mechanisms are one-way ratchet. The measure is designed to result in the repeal or amendment of a rule only to eliminate or reduce costs regardless of the rules benefits. Tellingly, H.R. 1155 does absolutely nothing to promote actions that would enhance the benefits of rules.    In closing these measures threaten critical public health and safety protections. It's a shame that the majority has chosen to largely ignore the concerns of my colleagues and I have previously identified with these bills.    I thank the witnesses for appearing today and look forward to their testimony.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman Marino.    Let me ask Attorney Narang this question: Is there any empirical evidence not regulation--that regulations depress jobs development? Is there any empirical evidence that regulations depress job development?    Mr. Conyers. That's what I've been thinking, but I'd like to explore it a little further. Is there any empirical evidence that regulations adversely impact our Nation's economy?    Mr. Conyers. Yes.    Mr. Conyers. And what is your response to the allegations that regulations impose a $15,000-a-year tax on every American family?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Now, under H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements, it appears that any private third party could weigh in on a proposed consent decree or settlement agreement pertaining to a regulatory action that affects the rights of private parties.    Hypothetically, under H.R. 712, if the regulatory action involved, for example, the Clean Air Act, could a private third party include someone who breathes air?    Mr. Conyers. Okay. Attorney Narang, what are some of the problems with the proposed regulatory cut-go requirements contained in Title II of the SCRUB Act?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you very much.    I'm sorry I couldn't get to you other three gentlemen. I have questions for you as well, but I thank the Chairman for the time.    Mr. Conyers. Well, thank you very much, Chairman Marino.    Mr. Conyers. I really wanted to give a welcome and a shout out to Attorney Scott Peters, who in a second term, has joined the House Judiciary Committee, and we're very proud of him. He's from California, I think the San Diego area, and we all look forward to working with you, and welcome aboard.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.