    Mr. Upton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Nuclear technology is deployed throughout our economy in a variety of different ways. For example, radioactive monitors accurately map subsurface geology to assist the U.S. efforts to capitalize on the oil and gas renaissance.    Nuclear medicine provides medical treatments that save thousands and thousands of lives and this technology will only grow and advance with the research and innovation that the 21st Century Cures Act will spawn.    However, all of these activities generate low-level radioactive waste, which must be properly managed, transported and disposed. Congress provided this responsibility to the States, which were to form interstate compacts to collaborate to site a disposal facility.    However, not all States joined compacts, including my home State of Michigan. There is currently only one available disposal site, located in Texas, for noncompact States.    I am pleased to welcome the Texas Low-Level Radioactive Waste Disposal Compact Commission this morning to understand how this compact is operating and to learn how they intend to dispose of the Nation's low-level waste.    In the years since Congress passed the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of 1980, we have struggled to develop the system that Congress envisioned. Today, Canada, our neighbor in the Great Lakes region, is facing a similar challenge.    Our experience addressing permanent disposal of nuclear material may offer some lessons learned from Canada. I am hopeful that today's hearing will serve to inform this committee about ongoing challenges and opportunities in managing nuclear waste.    I also want to briefly comment on the markup that we are going to have immediately following the hearing. At last week's hearing, members discussed moving S. 611 without amendment so that we can put it on a fast track to enactment.    By unanimously passing S. 611, the Senate has given us a rare opportunity. We can do our part to help this reauthorization become law if we can all agree to approve the bill exactly as it passed the Senate so that if the House passes it, it will go directly to the President for signature.    Many smaller and rural communities across the U.S. including many in Michigan face significant challenges in replacing, maintaining and upgrading their aging water infrastructure. It is in every community.    It is also clear that many of our constituents responsible for managing small rural drinking systems do support S. 611 as well.    Many of us have discussed various ideas to improve the Safe Drinking Water Act, from addressing the State Revolving Fund to developing statutory flexibility for small systems to meet the growing technical challenges of complying with changing drinking water standards.    The bill before us today would help communities across Michigan and across the country manage increased costs and the burden of meeting complex regulatory requirements under the Safe Water Drinking Act.    So we want to make law in this area. Our best chance to do it is to take this bill, pass it without any hitches. I urge all members to support it.    I yield back.