    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Just a couple of questions. Mr. Gerstenmaier, as a police officer who does investigations on accidents, we have seen a big change in our accident investigation over the last 50 years. I would expect to have seen a big change in investigations over space problems over the last 60 years.    It hasn't been easy going to space in the 1960s. It isn't easy today. Can you give me an idea of how investigations go today and how we can either move through the process, making sure that we're going through and hitting the points and making sure that we're becoming safer as we move through the investigation, but also making sure we can go quicker because the faster we can move, the faster we can do more of this.    Mr. Knight. No, and I agree. I talked to SpaceX several times since the incident, and Virgin and The Spaceship Company, after Spaceship II went down. And they were. They were jumping on it quickly, and they were learning things very fast. And it seems to me that the investigation process, and now with private companies being in fault, it seems like it is going a little bit faster. And that is a good thing. We want to make it safer. I know everyone wants to make it as safe as they possibly can, and that's the truth. Spaceflight still is in its infancy, and we're still learning and we will be for hundreds of years yet. And the faster we can get through some of these investigations, the faster we can move and progress.    Doctor, I just had one question for you because I think that there was some good conversation there that we've got an astronaut working today, and we've got one on the ground. And I think that we'll get some good information there on what the effects are on the body when we actually send people to Mars on such a long, prolonged spaceflight.    Can you give us an idea of what we're going to look at in the next 35 years, or maybe shorter as Administrator Bolden thinks, of when we are going to go to Mars and the effects on the body, not just the radiation but the time in space?    Mr. Knight. You're a kinesiologist. You should know this.    Mr. Knight. Very good. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield back.