    Chairman Kline. A quorum being present, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will come to order. Good morning, everyone, welcome to today's hearing. I want to thank our witnesses for joining us as we discuss ways to expand educational opportunity through school choice.    This committee's work to improve K-12 education has always been guided by the belief that every child regardless of where they come from or how much money their parents make should receive an excellent education.    Unfortunately, some schools are failing to provide students that opportunity. Too many of our nation's students are entering high school without the critical skills they need to complete their education, and too many graduates are going off to college or entering the workforce without the tools they need to succeed in life.    Everyone here agrees our children deserve better. They deserve the opportunity to receive a better education and pursue a better life. That is why improving K-12 education continues to be such an important priority at the federal, state, and local levels.    By empowering parents to do what is best for their child, school choice has been an instrumental part of that effort.    When we passed legislation last year to improve K-12 education, empowering parents was one of our primary goals because we know parents can make the most meaningful difference in their child's education.    Several reforms in the Every Student Succeeds Act help parents do what is best for their child's education by expanding school choice, reforms such as increasing access to quality charter schools and magnet schools, protecting home schools from federal interference, and launching a pilot program that will encourage excellent schools to enroll harder to serve students.    While these reforms are encouraging, education leaders in state capitals and local school districts are the real reason why the promise of school choice has touched the lives of so many parents and children. The progress we have seen over the last 25 years is remarkable.    The school choice movement began in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1990, where local leaders piloted the first private school choice program, known as the Milwaukee Parental Choice Program. The pilot provided low income families scholarships to attend a quality school.    Since then, the program has paved the way for thousands of students to receive a better education and inspired 27 other states to create different types of private school choice programs, many of which have been credited with helping students graduate not only from high school but from college as well.    My home state of Minnesota was not far behind Milwaukee in expanding educational opportunities for students and families. We never really consider ourselves behind Milwaukee, but in 1991, the state passed the nation's first charter school law, providing parents an alternative public school option that better met their child's needs.    Today, more than 40 states have passed charter school laws opening the doors to thousands of schools that have served millions of students.    These are just a few examples of how school choice is helping students and families. Last week marked the 5th Annual National School Choice Week, where more than 16,000 events in all 50 states showcased the success of school choice from private school scholarships and public charter schools, to home schooling and education savings accounts.    In all its forms, school choice has provided real hope to mom's, dad's, and children across the country.    Today, as we learn more about how states and local communities are expanding school choice, I encourage my colleagues to ask how we can support these efforts and help more children receive the education they deserve.    With that, I will yield to the Ranking Member, Mr. Scott, for his opening remarks.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. Pursuant to    Committee Rule 7(c), all members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record, and without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow such statements and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted for the official hearing record.    It is now my pleasure to introduce our distinguished witnesses. Mr. Gerard Robinson is a Resident Fellow at the American Enterprise Institute here in Washington, D.C. Mr. Robinson works on issues relating to school choice, educational policy, K-12 education, for-profit schools, community colleges, and historically black colleges and universities.    Before joining AEI, Mr. Robinson served as the Commissioner of Education for the State of Florida, and Secretary of Education for the Commonwealth of Virginia.    I will now turn to Dr. Foxx to introduce our next witness.    Chairman Kline. Thank you, Dr. Foxx. Let me resume with the introduction for today's witnesses. Dr. Luis Huerta is an Associate Professor of Education and Public Policy at Teachers College, Columbia University, in New York City.    I always get a kick out of this. My script actually says New York City, New York. We want to be thorough on these things.    He served as a research associate and coordinator for K-12 education policy research at Policy Analysis for California Education Center, and taught in the California Public School System for six years.    Currently, Dr. Huerta's research focuses on education policy, decentralized, related to school choice reforms, privatization in education, and school finance inequities present throughout school reform.    Ms. Denisha Merriweather is a graduate student at the University of South Florida in Tampa, Florida. Ms. Merriweather is the recipient of a tax credit scholarship in Florida. She attributes her academic and career success to the opportunities provided through the Tax Credit Scholarship Program, which awarded her the opportunity to attend and graduate from the Esprit de Corps Center for Learning in Jacksonville, Florida.    Let me now ask our witnesses to stand and raise your right hand. Thank you.    Chairman Kline. Let the record show that the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    Before I recognize each of you to provide your testimony, let me briefly explain or remind you of our lighting system. We allow 5 minutes for each witness to provide testimony. When you begin, the light in front of you will turn green. When 1 minute is left, the light will turn yellow. At the 5 minute mark, the light will turn red, and I would ask you to please try to wrap up your testimony.    I do not know that I have ever actually gaveled down a witness because they did not close in 5 minutes, but if you would please try to wrap up in respect for the other witnesses, and then when we come to questions and answers, we will hold to the 5 minute rule that I have been known to gavel down, including on me.    Okay, I think we are ready to go. Let me recognize Mr. Robinson for 5 minutes.    Chairman Kline. Thank you for your testimony. Mr. Bryan?    Chairman Kline. Thank you, sir. Dr. Huerta?    Chairman Kline. Thank you. Ms. Merriweather, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Thank you. A fantastic story, thank you very much for sharing that. We are going to start questioning. I am going to yield my time to someone who has been working on school choice for apparently two or three lifetimes, Mr. Messer. I yield my time to you.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. I thought I was going to have to gavel down my own time there for just a minute. Mr. Scott, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Without objection.    Chairman Kline. I am sorry, the gentleman's time has expired. Dr. Foxx?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentlelady. Ms. Fudge, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady yields back. Dr. Roe?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Pocan?    Chairman Kline. I am sorry, the gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Guthrie?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Jeffries, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired. I would now like to recognize another champion of school choice, another Indianan, a Hoosier, I guess they are, Mr. Rokita. You are recognized.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Ms. Clark?    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady's time has expired. Mr. Carter?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. Ms. Bonamici?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentlelady. Dr. Heck?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Polis, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Messer?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Hinojosa?    Chairman Kline. Without objection.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Kline. Mr. Allen?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired. Ms. Adams?    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Chairman Kline. Ms. Stefanik?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentlelady. I think everyone has had a chance to engage in the discussion and debate, so I will move now to any closing remarks that Mr. Hinojosa might have.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. I want to thank the witnesses. Ms. Merriweather, again, you have been an inspiration to all of us, and we wish you the very best as you go forward, and like Ms. Stefanik, I think we need to thank your godmother. There are a lot of people these days who do not have a godmother, so I am grateful to God and to your godmother.    We talked quite a bit today about accountability in choice. Dr. Huerta had some data that he was using. Mr. Bryan, I thought you made a very, very good point that there is always going to be accountability when you have a requirement for a nationally normed test, if those kids are not doing well, the parents are going to remove those kids.    I think it is a valid question about accountable to whom, and what we are talking about here is families where their children are in truly failing schools. Let me hasten to say that I know most, by far most, of our public schools, traditional public schools are doing very well.    In some states--the Hoosiers are still here in strength, I see, and thank you very much for that, I am sure they are very proud of many of their traditional public schools in Indiana, as we are in Minnesota, the home of public charter schools, by the way, the originators of public charter schools.    In some cities in Indiana, as in some cities in Minnesota, Minneapolis being one, we are horribly failing our children. When you are graduating less than half of your children, you have a real problem.    We worked very hard. I am very pleased with the work that we did in ESSA, and I thank you, Mr. Robinson, for your kinds words about that, as we are looking for ways to return control to parents and to local school boards and to teachers, and all of us know the single most important thing--I am not disagreeing with my friend and colleague about the importance of early education--the single most important thing is a really good teacher.    If you have a really good teacher, you will probably going to succeed in the classroom. If you do not, it does not matter whether it is a private school or public charter school or traditional public school. If you have poor teachers, then you are going to have poor results.    All those things warrant our attention and work, and I appreciate the expertise of all the witnesses here today. Your testimony and your engagement in our questions was very, very helpful.    There being no further business, the committee stands adjourned.