    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much. A lot of my questions have already been answered. I want to just, again, first thank the three of you for being here and more importantly, for your service.    Admiral, you spoke about the worrisome issue of pace, of keeping up, and you mentioned that you spent some time talking about the submarines, which is one of the things I was going to ask about. If you would, if you could talk to us a little bit about the large surface ships and how we are doing there, what are the plans there to make sure we are not falling behind?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Mr. Chairman, just also briefly, I believe it was you, Admiral, or the Secretary, talking about maybe having to reconsider some actual number of submarines, because of the new threats.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Mr. Chairman, again, thank you, but since I got on this committee, I have been really depressed, because every time that you look at where we are vis-a-vis the rest of the world, it is--the challenges are just huge. And I understand that tough choices have to be made for fiscal decisions, but I hope that we do get back to a position where decisions could be made, strictly not on fiscal--when we are talking about defense, not on fiscal constraints, but on actual need. And clearly we are not there. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. I will be brief, Mr. Chairman. Former SOUTHCOM Commander General Kelly had mentioned many times how he could see drugs in boats, et cetera, moving through his area of operation, and yet, just didn't have the assets to go after a number of those. And you know, illicit drugs kill tens of thousands of young Americans every year. How is your budget recommendation going to--will it be able to make a dent on that, and if so, to what degree?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, General, Secretary.    You know, in this time of the tight budgets, it coincides with, frankly, the enemies of freedom of United States, frankly, being emboldened around the planet, whether it is Asia, whether it is Europe. One of the areas that doesn't usually get a lot of public attention is our own hemisphere. And without the U.S. military, the Army Special Forces, et cetera, there is no doubt that we would have not seen the success, you know, whether it is Colombia, for example, or you name it.    So let me talk a little about where you see--whether it is footprint or goals for this hemisphere, because again, in this hemisphere, we are now seeing an emboldened Cuban regime. Now we know that Hezbollah--confirmed Hezbollah, we have known it has been in Cuba. But now that is public. We, for the first time in, what, a generation, have seen potentially Cubans even helping now in Syria. We see the strengthening ties with Iran, with Russia, with China.    So, despite what many would like the perception to be, the reality is a lot different. So I just want to throw out kind of an open-ended question. How do you see our involvement in the hemisphere? How do you see our relationships, and how do you see the Army's role in those relationships and that potential involvement?    General Milley. Thanks, Congressman. The Army is very heavily involved in the Western Hemisphere writ large: Canada to the north, Mexico to the south, the Caribbean, Central America, South America.    I had an opportunity travel not too long ago to travel to Colombia and participate in the Combined Chiefs of Staff of all of the Armies of the Western Hemisphere. It got great reports. U.S. SOUTHCOM, in particular, U.S. Army South is leading the way, and those Armies are very thankful for our efforts.    The threat in the Western Hemisphere is there. It is not as intense as it is elsewhere. But we are mindful of what is occurring in Mexico with the counternarcotics campaign and the fight in northern Mexico. I do point out to almost everyone I talk to about terrorism and counterinsurgency. The success that has occurred in Colombia, that is an incredible success story. It is probably the best counterinsurgency campaign that I am aware of. And I have studied most of them. And it is an incredible effort by the Colombian people, the Colombian military, and supported actively and consistently over time by the United States with a relatively small number of forces. And they have successfully, you know, dealt with that insurgency and they are pretty much, at least my estimate, is nearing the end game in bringing that to an end. It is an incredible story, and it is something worth studying in that detail. But we are heavily engaged throughout the Western Hemisphere.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. And you don't see that changing any time soon. I mean, I know that, in SOUTHCOM, General Kelly has mentioned many, many times to I think most of us, or all of us, that focusing on narcotrafficking for example, or human trafficking, that he can see a lot of activity taking place, but he can only, in essence, try to go after about 20 percent. And it is literally lack of resources of having, potentially----    General Milley. Right.    Mr. Diaz-Balart . You know, helicopters or a ship they can land the helicopters on, et cetera. So, you know, how do you see our future plans there?    General Milley. Right. For the Army, the Army's commitment, we have got capabilities committed into South American, in Central America, et cetera. I do not see, unless something radically changes, given the size of the Army, and where we are at, and what our global commitments are, I do not see a radical increase over beyond what we have right now coming up into the future.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. And, General, how about a decrease?    General Milley. No, I don't necessarily see a decrease either. I think it is, for SOUTHCOM, Army support of SOUTHCOM, I see pretty much a steady state.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. All right, thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Absolutely, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And I apologize for being late, as well, gentlemen.    I want to talk a little bit about cybersecurity. And, you know, it is something that continues to grow, and it is a vital part of our national defense. But how is the Reserve--I know you are involved in it. I know you have, frankly, some avenues that are a little unique because you have access, right, to the folks in the private sector.    So how are you, and can you increase that contribution, your efforts? And is there anything that we can do to help in any way? I don't know who wants to handle that.    General Grass. Congressman, I will take it first.    Of course, we are committed. And with the Council of Governors, which are 10 Governors that we meet with the Secretary of Defense or the Deputy Secretary three to four times a year, this is one of their critical areas that they wanted us to focus on.    The first thing we had to get hammered out from the National Guard perspective is the authorities to use the National Guard in the homeland. And you can imagine, you know, attribution and responsibility, proprietary equipment. So we have worked through all that, and I think we have a pretty good way forward right now.    The second part is we set out, as we mentioned earlier, to get as many States that could support it with the types of skills in industry, in business, also looking at what we can support from academia. We positioned those units across the States and then start using them.    What we found, and I can ask General Neal to talk about, as soon as we can stand up an Air Guard unit, it is being used today. We are actually bringing our Air Guard units online, and we are going to mobilize for 4-month periods our cyber protection teams, and they will serve in support of CYBERCOM.    In the case of the Army Guard, again, we are trying to stand them up as quick as we can.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Okay.    General Neal. Congressman, that is correct. So we are part of the national cyber support in support of U.S. Cyber Command. So, starting in April, we will have a constant presence, 24/7, of a cyber contribution to the Cyber Command's defensive forces.    And I think you asked about leveraging the----    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Uh-huh.    General Neal . Civilian communities. We are doing that. Really, probably no place serves better as an example than Washington, the State of Washington. As you know, there are a lot of tech companies out there, and we have quite a few of those, including executives that are multimillionaires, who are traditional Guardsmen and, you know, love contributing to the cyber defense of the Nation.    So it is pretty interesting. We are able to do that around the country. And as the cyber demands grows or the requirement from U.S. Cyber Command continues, we would hope to stand up more cyber ops squadrons.    General Talley. Sir, let me get in on that for just a minute. So, in the Army Reserve, I am going to zip through pretty quick offense, defense, protective platform.    Offense: The military intelligence command of the Army Reserve provides direct support to the NSA cyber warriors.    Defense: Two-star, 335th Signal Command has all of my cyber brigades. They do the defense, and they protect the platform. I have 3,500 cyber warriors and another 3,500 that are cyber-related, and most of those work in the private sector.    This committee, which I want to thank, helped bring $6 million to my private-public partnership program, where we have had six universities and a number of very prominent private companies, Microsoft being one of them, as a joint Army Reserve private-public cyber initiative. And we are integrating those private skills directly into our soldiers and supporting Army Cyber and Cyber Command, and this committee has helped.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Mr. Chairman, again, thank you. It is amazing what our Reservists and what our Reserve Force, frankly, can and do. And so, again, thank you for this opportunity.