    Mr. Grothman. I'm out of breath. I just got here.    Okay. First of all, for you, Mr. Throckmorton, and maybe somebody's asked this question. If they've asked it, just say, ``Go to the next question.''    Have we figured out why the market is not working and why other companies are not marketing these things and undercutting Mylan?    Mr. Grothman. Right, right. Is the other product at a lower cost?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Maybe we don't want Ms. Bresch to pitch the competition. But you do have competition. You've only got 94 or 96 percent of the market, right?    Mr. Grothman. Are there products in the marketplace today?    Mr. Grothman. Are there products in the marketplace today?    Mr. Grothman. And are they lower priced than your product?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Is there anywhere--I'll ask Mr. Throckmorton, because I don't mean to ask you to pitch your competition. Is there any reason why there--there are generics available--why people aren't producing this stuff for substantially less?    Mr. Grothman. So that's not what this is.    Mr. Grothman. So so-called competition for EpiPen, you would really argue, is not as good or is not the same thing?    Mr. Grothman. And do you expect them to, given, I presume, there's a high markup here?    Mr. Grothman. Now, my next question for Ms. Bresch, kind of a more difficult question, and I'm not suggesting any governmental problem, but I read a book a little while ago by Charles Murray. I don't know if you're familiar with him, a famous author. He talked about the moral decline of America. And a lot of that moral decline, he focused on what I'll call the underclass and a lifestyle is not something that many people in my age group had when we were growing up, but he focused a little bit on the upper class. And one of the things he focused on, which I think maybe collectively isn't a huge amount of money--maybe it adds, you know, a penny to each prescription drug you have, but I think it's bad for the fabric of society. Now, I realize it's legal, and I'm not just targeting you, because it's common across the board.    It came up earlier that, you know, you're making whatever, $19 million or $20 million a year. And that's fine. Maybe that's a half cent off of every prescription you guys make. But the point Murray made is there was a time in this country where chief executives got along making a lot less. And they apparently make a lot less in sizable companies around the globe. And I think the point he made was this is a sign of greed. And while, you know, it may be a relatively small amount for every person in the country, it probably tears a little bit at the moral fabric as people who work for companies and make relatively small amounts of money look at the chief executive making more money than anybody could possibly imagine.    Do you ever feel guilty or have pangs of guilt making such a large sum of money, not as somebody who founded the company but as an employee who really doesn't have a lot of risk yourself?    Mr. Grothman. I know, and I'm sure there are many employees who work for you who do wonderful things, valuable scientists who are saving people's lives. I'm just saying, as you walk around the cubicles and see all the people making $40,000 or $50,000 or $60,000 a year, do you ever feel guilty that you and the board of directors and such have arranged to have you make $20 million a year?    Mr. Grothman. Probably more the scientists who work for you than you. But you understand what I'm saying? Maybe you don't understand. And maybe you are very good and maybe you're worth it. I think one of the things that frustrates a lot of Americans is there are a lot of people who even run their companies into the ground and make tens of millions of dollars.    But I'm just going to ask you to comment again. Do you think it's good for the moral fabric of society and the idea of we want people to believe in the free economy system when, in a business, some people make $20 million a year?    Mr. Grothman. I'm sure they're getting good value. You see what I'm saying? Maybe you don't understand what I'm saying. There are a lot of people out there--we're going into election season here. There are a lot of people out there who think the system is, in part, broke, and in part, it's broke because they're working their butt off and doing very valuable things, and maybe they're even told to take cuts in pay, and they see a chief executive making a huge amount of money, way more proportionately, even adjusting for inflation, than chief executives made 50 years ago and, as I understand it, more than they make in other Western countries. And I think it grates at some people. I think it causes distrust in our system.    I'm not suggesting we take away your freedom to make that amount of money. I'm just saying, in all walks of life, there are people that have the capability of making more and voluntarily say, ``I don't need that amount of money.'' And I just wondered if you had any comments on the system that we have in America where so many chief executives, not just you, seem to be making far more money than I think anybody would even know what to do with. And that's my only question.    Mr. Grothman. I'll take it you're not answering the question because a little bit deep inside, you are embarrassed at what you're making.