    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Madam Secretary, General, Admiral, thank you so much for your service to our country. Thank you for being here today.    We have had a couple of milestones in the last few weeks. One, the Japanese have now exceeded the number of planes they have had to scramble against Chinese and Russian planes since the Cold War, as I understand it. We also had the Office of Naval Intelligence print this report, first time they have done it since 2009, talking about a compelling concern about Chinese activity in the disputed waters off the East and South China Sea.    I also concur with your comments about sequestration as it relates to national defense, although I really question anyone on this committee or the administration that would suggest that we shouldn't remove defense sequestration unless we can also give the EPA , the IRS , and the GSA all the money they want or unless we can quench the thirst of every other agency that drinks from every Federal trough. To hold defense sequestration hostage against that would be unconscionable.    My concern today as we talked about it, Admiral Locklear, in this committee, we talked about the high-end technological superiority. But I am also concerned about what we are seeing happen at the lower end. You mentioned, I think correctly, China launched more naval ships than any other country in 2013 and 2014, and they expect the same for 2014 and 2015. But I am also concerned about what they are doing with their Coast Guard. They now have 95 large cutters, 110 small cutters. That is a total of 205. That is 68 ships less than the entire U.S. Navy, and they have more ships in their Coast Guard than Japan, Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore have combined.    We don't always rate those as naval ships, but you have seen this picture, I am sure. This picture is of a Chinese Coast Guard vessel. They have labeled on here Tugboat number 25. It is painted white. This is one of their amphibious naval ships. It is number 908. It is painted gray. Other than being painted gray and the number on there, there is virtually no difference, I don't think, between these two ships. And that is something that is really concerning me, because we don't always measure those.    Mr. Forbes. So my question for you today is not the high-end technological superiority, but when we are seeing Iranians in Yemen, we are seeing Russians in the Ukraine, we are seeing Chinese on the Senkakus and the artificial islands they are building up, what strategies, concepts, forces, and capabilities do you think we need to counter this kind of gray-zone aggression we are seeing in Asia?    Mr. Forbes. Admiral, my time has expired, but would you mind submitting that to us for the record? It is important that we have it as a committee.    Mr. Forbes. And I am sorry, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. I appreciate it.    Ms. Bordallo.    Mr. Forbes . The gentlelady's time has expired.    The chair recognizes the distinguished gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Wilson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman's time has expired, so would ask the General if he could do that for the record.    Mr. Forbes. And the chair recognizes Ms. Gabbard from Hawaii for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Forbes. So, Admiral, if you could answer that for the record, we would appreciate it.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Rogers, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from Hawaii, Mr. Takai, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman yields back the balance of his time.    The gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman yields back the balance of time.    Mr. Ashford, you are recognized for 5 minutes. No questions.    Mr. Nugent from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you.    And the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Bridenstine, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair recognizes the other gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Russell, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman's time has expired.    Ms. McSally is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentlelady yields back.    And Mr. Courtney is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman yields back.    And the chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman yields back.    And with that, Madam Secretary, General, Admiral, thank you so much for being with us today. We are getting you out right on time. And we appreciate, as you heard all of our members express, their appreciation to you for your service to our country, but thank you for being willing today to educate, advise, and consult with us as we try to be a component part of the national defense of this country.    And with that, we are adjourned.