    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, I want to go somewhere else, but I just have to say, I think, from what you were talking about, how we are better off than we were 6 years ago--and I wish my colleagues had talked about the person, and when they had the opportunity to stop the person who drove the car into the ditch in the first place, that caused us to have this debt and all this problem. So then when someone else comes along and says, okay, I am going to help you get out of this ditch that I didn't drive you in--but I am going to get you out of the ditch now. And you start pushing them to get them out of the ditch. Now, you might not be going 100 miles an hour yet. You are going maybe 50 miles an hour. But now you are no longer in that ditch. You are out the ditch, and you are moving in the right direction.    But yet you want to blame the person who is getting you out of the ditch instead of the one who put you in the ditch in the first place. And that is where we are today. We were in a ditch in 2008, and now we are driving ourselves out of the ditch. That is where we are today.    Let me go to where I really want to go to, Mr. Secretary, dealing with asset management. That is what I have been looking at, dealing with FSOC and the work-around, the asset management and that industry. And I know they don't assume all of the risk as banks, that we look at them differently.    But I did see in one of the reports, however--and I am concerned about herding. I think that was in an FSOC report, or OFR, et cetera. And we have a lot of investments there. Should we be concerned about this process of herding?    Mr. Meeks. So let me ask--and I know on some municipal levels and State levels where we have multibillion-dollar pension plans that have tried to benefit from a greater diversification of asset management by using more emerging and diverse asset managers, which are generally smaller asset managers. And some are minorities and women who have selective investment strategies. However, I am finding that these small managers face real barriers that prevent them from gaining more market shares.    Has the Treasury or FSOC looked into how we can get more diversification of managers in this industry?    Mr. Meeks. Okay. Because as these asset managers get bigger and bigger, they play more and more of an important role in the sourcing of capital to businesses that create jobs in various communities. And so, that is one of the reasons why with banks we had to go to the Community Reinvestment Act in the 1970s.    So don't you think we should be looking into some policy that can ensure that we have more inclusion in the asset management industry so that we can also make sure that they are investing or reinvesting in some of our other communities?