    Mr. Kuczynski. Good morning, Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, and the members of the subcommittee. I also thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. As stated, my name is Steve Kuczynski. I am the chairman, president, and CEO of the Southern Nuclear Operating Company. We have been in the nuclear power business for over 50 years. Today our fleet of six nuclear reactors at three sites, Plant Hatch and Plant Vogtle in Georgia, and Plant Farley in Alabama, provide approximately 20 percent of the electricity used in those States. We are also building two new state-of-the-art nuclear units at Plant Vogtle.    It is an honor for me to appear before the subcommittee to discuss nuclear waste policy in general. Essential to this discussion is, of course, the need for a permanent repository. It is critical that the Federal Government meet its contractual obligation to take title to the Nation's spent fuel inventory. It is appropriate for the subcommittee to explore ways to get the statutorily mandated spent nuclear fuel disposal program back on track. I look forward to discussing these and other issues with you today.    Let me begin with a brief discussion about our company's spent fuel program. Currently we have 2,300 fuel assemblies and spent fuel pools at Plant Farley, another 930 assemblies in dry casks. At Plant Hatch, we have approximately 5,000 assemblies in the pools with 4,150 in dry casks. At Plant Vogtle, we have 2,600 assemblies in the pools and 480 in dry casks.    First thing I want to emphasize is that we have safe, reliable, onsite options to store spent fuel at our nuclear plants for the duration of our plant licenses and the expected life of the plants. Spent fuel pools and dry cask storage installations are regulated and approved by the NRC under very comprehensive safety, security, and environmental regulations. But these temporary measures should not be viewed as de facto permanent solutions to the spent fuel disposal issue.    Under both law and contract, disposal of spent fuel is an obligation of the Federal Government. My written testimony explains in some more detail how this came to be. I won't repeat that history here, other than to say that the Nuclear Waste Policy Act directed the Energy Secretary to enter into contracts with the Nation's nuclear utilities. Those contracts provided that, in return for payment of the fees into the Nuclear Waste Fund, the government will take title to nuclear powerplant owner spent fuel for permanent storage at the Nation's repository beginning in 1998.    Industry was effectively mandated to enter into these contracts. Under these contracts, Alabama Power has paid over $399 million into the Nuclear Waste Fund for Plant Farley, and Georgia Power has paid over $400 million for Plant Hatch and $445 million for plant Vogtle. Those are real dollars obtained from electricity customers in our States on the basis of spent fuel contracts with the Federal Government. 1998 came and went. Seventeen years later, the Federal Government still has not begun to perform its end of the contracts. My written testimony explains nuclear powerplant owners have been forced to make other onsite arrangements to store our spent fuel temporarily at great expense to our companies.    The industry has mitigated these losses to some degree by recovering monetary judgments from the Federal Government on the basis of partial breach of contract claims. These recoveries have been limited so far to the cost for storage facilities made necessary by the government's breach. The Government Accountability Office has estimated that, in total, across the industry, Federal Government's liability for breach of the spent fuel contracts will exceed $21 billion by 2071.    That is a brief summary of the current situation, but the news is not all negative. There is increasing confidence that the Nation's nuclear waste disposal program is getting back on track. With recent court rulings requiring further action on the Yucca license application and the NRC's recent reports finding Yucca Mountain to be safe. The Nation has come too far and invested too much to abandon the Yucca Mountain repository now.    In closing, I applaud the subcommittee for taking keen interest and tackling this complex and challenging problem. The good news, it is not an insurmountable issue. Indeed, from a technical, safety, financial, and legal perspective, the path forward is manageable and understood. In many respects, the key challenges are political and the domain of Congress to address.    Let me finish with three final thoughts for you to consider. First and number one, the Nation should move forward with the permanent repository at Yucca Mountain. I believe that is clear. Two, Congress should reform the funding mechanisms for these programs to ensure access to the Nuclear Waste Fund for appropriate uses. The key challenge has been the program relies on appropriations which has been subject to the ebbs and flows of politics. And, three, Congress needs to protect the investment of electricity customers around the country who have collectively paid billions of dollars to the Federal government to dispose of the Nation's spent fuel inventory.    Thank you, Chairman Shimkus, for allowing me to appear before you here today and the subcommittee. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Kuczynski. Yes, unanimous.    Mr. Kuczynski. First of all, we support the permanent repository, but we also support reasonable incentives to help construct the facility for Nevada. That has been our consistent testimony. Barney Beasley testified here in 2006 the exact same point, and our position has not changed.    Mr. Kuczynski. Infrastructure, education, anything that allows the process to move forward to continue the licensing process and the actual construction of the facility.    Mr. Kuczynski. Yes, I think it is more appropriate today to call it about the continued storage rule where the NRC has revised the Waste Confidence Rule that they reviewed the storage of spent fuel at our facilities for a variety of scenarios, and the conclusion was, from a safety, environmental, security standpoint, that we can store onsite for significant lengths of time.    Mr. Kuczynski. No. We share your frustration. I think you are accurate in almost everything you have said. And there are downsides, the longer this is prolonged, the more expensive it is for taxpayers and utility rate customers. The science has been completed. The NRC has ruled, utilized that $12 billion to $15 billion to use the best experts we have in our country. NRC is seen as the gold standard and that ought to mean something. So, from a science standpoint, the Yucca Mountain facility, obviously a couple more hurdles, but it is set to be a repository. And that is the best way to serve the interests of taxpayers and customers across this country.    Mr. Kuczynski. In our view of the process back in the 1980s, under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act, there are provisions for local communities and States to take part in that process. They did take part. Congress overrode those objections. And we ought to follow the law.    Mr. Kuczynski. No. We have constructed our spent fuel pools and our dry cask storage facilities. They meet strict environmental, safety, security requirements. And recent studies have shown both of safe for the foreseeable future. And that was a basis of the continued storage rule.    Mr. Kuczynski. I can give you some ballparks, every cask that we load on the dry cask I would just say it is about $2 million. And we have about 100 of them in our system. We plan to do about 25 of them a year going forward. So that is ballpark. And we do not recover all of those funds through litigation. In fact----    Mr. Kuczynski. Absolutely.    Mr. Kuczynski. The interim storage?    Mr. Kuczynski. I think that is an avenue that this committee ought to look at. Our position is the long-term repository is the method. The statutory limit of, I think, the capacity is not necessarily technically based. I think we ought to pursue all storage at Yucca. Interim at Yucca would make more sense to me than interim storage at other facilities. Each time you build something new and then have to continue to move, it makes it more expensive for everybody.    Mr. Kuczynski. In general, we are not opposed. However, I think the law states that licensing of the long-term facility is first priority and then interim is after that.