    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you very much, Secretary Castro, for joining us today.    I understand that there has been some concern about FHA's legacy reverse mortgage book, but I don't think that should prevent FHA from continuing to offer reverse mortgages. They are a valuable product in the right circumstances, particularly for seniors.    In fact, one area in which I think FHA could improve its reserve mortgage program is by extending it to owners of housing co-ops. This is an extremely important issue to the City of New York, where co-ops account for a large portion of the housing, especially for seniors. Most New Yorkers live vertically, not horizontally, and a large majority of them are in co-ops.    And my question is, will you consider allowing owners of housing co-ops to participate in FHA's reverse mortgage program?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. Thank you. And we will.    Despite FHA's 50-basis-point premium reduction, FHA's premiums are actually still very high by historical standards. And I know there has been a push by housing advocates and those wanting housing to be affordable so that we can continue the American Dream of homeownership for the middle class and most Americans.    In fact, many in the industry had pushed for an even larger reduction. How did you settle on the half-percentage-point reduction? And how did you arrive at that number?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. Congratulations.    Some of my colleagues have come forward with their questioning about lowering the premiums and have indicated that we should instead charge risk-based premiums which would reflect the likelihood that a borrower would default.    But in your testimony, you said that the credit profile of FHA borrowers has improved substantially with new standards. So using a risk-based approach, this should lead FHA to reduce its insurance premiums since these borrowers are less likely to default. And that is exactly what you did last month, to increase affordability for many Americans.    My question is, in your opinion, after the 50-basis-point cut in premiums, is the FHA charging enough in premiums to compensate for the risk that these new borrowers pose?