    Dr. Melius. Thank you, Honorable Chairman Walberg, Ranking Member Wilson, other members of the subcommittee. I greatly appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today at this hearing.    As you said earlier, I was an occupational physician and epidemiologist. I currently work for labor-management organizations within the unionized construction industry, focusing on health and safety issues in construction.    I have over 40 years of experience in occupational and environmental health. I have been involved, I have followed the development and public review of the recently released OSHA silica standard, submitted comments, and testified at the hearings, and submitted post-hearing comments on the proposed standard.    One of my first patients, while working in an occupational medicine clinic in Chicago in the 1970s, was a young man with severe and rapidly progressive silicosis caused by his work in a foundry. He died while in his early thirties from this disease, leaving a young family.    Throughout my career in occupational health, I have continued to encounter cases of silicosis among foundry and construction workers. As Representative Wilson has already introduced, the three bricklayers and family members of bricklayers are behind me, who experienced in their family or themselves silicosis.    We recently did a small survey of our tunnel workers in New York and found nearly 40 percent of them--again, young tunnel workers--had developed early stages of silicosis as a result of their work building tunnels in the New York City area.    Silicosis is not just a disease of the past. Workers continue to develop this disease and the illness can have a serious impact on their health, their ability to work, and on their families.    I believe that OSHA has done an excellent job of developing the new silicosis standard. I would like to outline a few of the major reasons why I believe this regulation is a significant step forward in addressing this major occupational health problem.    OSHA's review of the available scientific data and additional scientific studies presented during the rulemaking process provide a sound scientific basis for the new standard. They have identified key diseases, and the more recent scientific studies have provided the basis for the new standard that they put forward of 50 micrograms per cubic meter.    The current OSHA standard, as has been mentioned, comes from the 1920s. It was based on a purely practical way of what could be done to deal with some of the extremely high exposures in some of the industries at that time, tunnel, quarry work, and so forth.    That standard has not been changed until recently, and if that standard were still in place and left in place, one could have a very high rate of cancer, silicosis, and other silica related diseases among people working at those levels of exposure.    Some of the extrapolations in the OSHA rulemaking process estimated up to 100 percent of construction workers exposed to silica would at the then-current standard develop silicosis. It is clearly unacceptable not to control this to a much lower limit.    We do not view and I do not view the major problem to be an issue of enforcement. I believe the major problem is that the current standard in place is not adequate to prevent most silica-related illnesses. We need to change the standard, it has gone on for far too long.    I think it is also important as some of the other witnesses have stated, that we need to have practical ways of controlling exposure. As I look at it, whether it is a half- full or half empty glass, I think a major step forward in construction is to have these tasks outlined and to make compliance easier in that industry.    Up here, I am showing two of the pictures. These are people, bricklayers, and the effect of ventilation from the equipment they use. This is a milling machine that is used to take up old pavement. I do not know if you can turn that so it can be seen by the committee. Again, this is a before and after picture.    The asphalt paving industry put a lot of effort into developing proper ventilation controls for their industry in order to be able to meet the silica standards. This work started long before the standard was even proposed.    As you can see in the first picture, and if you have ever been behind a milling machine, you know how much dust is generated, and in the second picture, which I actually believe is a picture from Michigan, by the way, the Upper Peninsula, where some of this research was done, showing that with proper ventilation, ventilation being readily available through all manufacturers, you can control silica exposures. They were able to meet the new standard through this, and at a relatively reasonable price for doing so.    I think this kind of development--I think one thing that is important in looking at costs and effectiveness is not only the fact that people will meet the standard, but they will develop better technology and better approaches to be able to do that.    I think we have to take that into account as we look forward to what is going to happen as a result of this standard going into place.    I will end my oral testimony here. I am out of time, I see. I would be glad to answer any questions later. Thank you.    Dr. Melius. Well, it was to some extent to prevent silicosis but the level set was what the Public Health Service staff at the time felt was feasible to be met, that could be met in the industries where they had noted the high silica exposures. So, they recognized that it would not completely prevent all cases of silicosis in those industries.    Dr. Melius. Yes, it does exclude those. We do not have the good surveillance mechanisms for following or detecting those diseases and reporting, and certainly not ones that would relate those to silica exposure.    The Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers actually have submitted some data to the record for the OSHA hearing showing lung disease--deaths from lung disease among their workforce, their members, actually had stayed steady throughout, up until close to the present time. So, they do not see a decline among their members. That would include both silicosis and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.    Dr. Melius. Well, I think it is--the risk we know is recurrence of silicosis, lung cancer, kidney disease, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. These are all serious health problems and can cause people to die related to their past work or current work with silica.    So, these are obviously significant to the people who suffer. You have heard the testimony, and the three people sitting behind me can testify, too.    They are also significant in the sense that among the populations exposed, one of the problems with the death certificate surveillance that Mr. Chajet showed from the Centers for Disease Control, those are death certificates, and silicosis is not included on many death certificates, even among people that have it. We do fewer autopsies now.    I think there is an estimate actually from the State of Michigan, where they have done a statistical analysis and showed over 85 percent of people with silicosis do not have silicosis put on their death certificate. It is just an artifact of how we practice medicine now and how many autopsies and what happens when a person dies in terms of what the doctor writes on the death certificate.    Now, we also know that the amount of exposure to silica is decreasing overall in terms of the people exposed because many of the industries that use silica, particularly the foundry industry, has decreased. The number of foundries and number of foundry workers in this country have gone greatly down, and that was a major group at risk of silicosis.    So, without foundries themselves, the ones that currently exist, we could still very well have a high rate of silicosis, maybe not in all foundries but many foundries, even if they meet the previous standard.    Dr. Melius. No. It certainly would be a change, but it would not, because the current standard is not protective. There will continue to be a number of cases of silicosis that occur. I mean, OSHA has done an estimate of that.    I think we know from all the health risk assessments that have been done for this standard, again, peer reviewed by outside scientists, that this is not protective, and even with comprehensive and complete enforcement, we would continue to have not only silicosis cases, but cases of lung cancer, kidney disease, and the other illnesses related to silica exposure.    Dr. Melius. Well, the history of our knowledge of silicosis resulting from quarry and other kinds of work like that go back to Roman times. Socrates recognized it. It goes back up into the Italian Renaissance, 1600s. A doctor named Ramazzini described it also throughout, up through the centuries; and then in the United States, we recognized it back in the early part of the 1900s, last century, because we had epidemics of silicosis among quarry workers, particularly up in Vermont. We had tunneling workers, West Virginia, other areas, New York, and among foundry workers.    So, it was recognized in the early part of the century in the United States as a public health problem, in fact. Again, we talked earlier about that is where the standard came from, originally came from, that is being used.    The knowledge goes way back, and certainly we are well aware of it in the United States for many years.    Dr. Melius. Yes, sir. If you go look at the construction standard and you look at how that might project out in the number of recurrence of silicosis, people exposed to that standard, 100 percent of them could develop silicosis because of that exposure.    Dr. Melius. Yes. The obvious health problem we mostly talk about is a stiffening fibrosis of the lungs. The lungs just became so stiff that a person can no longer breathe, so a very horrible disease to experience. We also have other illnesses, lung cancer, which has been relatively recently, in the last 30 or 40 years, recognized as a risk from silica exposure, as well as kidney disease and other pulmonary disease from that exposure.    So, it is not just silicosis but these other diseases that are a very significant risk for anybody working with silica.    Dr. Melius. They would be very significant given that--I cannot give you an exact number, but the cost to treat a case of lung cancer is in the hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, if they survive for any period of time. Silicosis, a person with severe silicosis, medical costs can be extremely high with repeated hospitalizations and the kind of medication and other care they may need, same with the chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and kidney disease.    These are very high and they are very devastating for families to experience.    Dr. Melius. What they would be looking at would be the medical costs, the cost of loss of employment for the people that are affected by those diseases who no longer work, so they are going to be getting Workers' Compensation, Social Security Disability, other forms of income assistance, hopefully.    So, the main costs would be a loss of productivity, people would lose their trained workforce, skilled workforce.    Dr. Melius. Absolutely.    Dr. Melius. Yes, I am. That is the group I work with closely on both looking at controlling exposures to asphalt as well as controlling silica exposures, the two pictures we have up there. They are supportive of the rule. They submitted comments. OSHA was responsive to those comments regarding the requirement for respirators. When the rule came out, they came out in support of that rule.    Dr. Melius. Yes, actually there is data that show--actually, from the State of Michigan--that African-American workers are at a much higher risk of developing silicosis. So, what you are saying is what we can actually see in some of the data that we do collect about the risk of silicosis.    This rule should benefit everybody that is exposed to silica. We also know African-American, Hispanic, and Latino workers tend to work in so-called ``dirty jobs,'' where there is more exposure.    If this rule is put in place and completely enforced, properly enforced, we should see great benefits to them because they may often work in so-called ``the dirtiest jobs,'' the jobs with the higher exposures. Hopefully, if this rule goes in place, they will be protected as well as everybody else that is exposed to silica.    Dr. Melius. Absolutely.    Dr. Melius. Yes, certainly. There will be reduced medical costs for caring for employees, reduced either through health insurance or Workers' Compensation for those employees.    There will be a better ability to retain highly trained and skilled workers in the workplace but not having to replace people because they are becoming ill, your most experienced and trusted workers, they will be able to work for a longer period of time, which will help maintain and improve productivity for the industries involved, whether it is general industry or in the construction industry.    Dr. Melius. I believe that the control recommendations that are directly contained in the standard or that will be developed in response to the standard are very feasible to control and achieve the levels that are involved. OSHA and everyone involved spent a lot of time looking at it.    I mentioned the silica milling machines. That work started almost 10 years ago in terms of getting ready for the possibility of a new standard. The foundry document that you mentioned goes back, I believe, to 2010, 2008, I cannot remember directly, but again, people recognizing that there may be a standard coming and getting prepared for it, the kind of ventilation that is on this kind of saw (in front of the witness at the table) is also something that people have been working with to demonstrate that there are practical ways of meeting the standard, and they are cost-effective.