    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank the witnesses for being here today. So many questions, such a distinguished panel, and so little time; it's very frustrating.    Chair White, if I could start with you, please. Traditionally your testimony and in your capacity and previously always has our boiler--famous boilerplate that says the views expressed and the testimony are those of the Chair of the SEC and do not necessarily represent the views of the full Commission or any Commissioner, standard procedure.    But while this is a good disclaimer, I think for general testimony we do love it when you all actually give personal views occasionally and not stand on the party line.    Here in the concept of an FSOC testimony it causes me to want to ask you a few questions. You serve on FSOC as one of the 10 voting members. Here is my question: If one of the other four SEC Commissioners was opposed to one or more of your FSOC positions, does Dodd-Frank require the SEC to vote ahead of the FSOC meeting to determine how you would then represent that view at the FSOC meeting?    Mr. Hill. And so in that consultation can you give me an example of where there has been disagreement between Commissioners?    Mr. Hill. But to continue sort of the line of questioning early this morning, if you had a Commissioner who was particularly passionate on a topic, would you be open to taking them to an FSOC meeting?    Mr. Hill. It just seems that internally it would be good if there were that level of disagreement where maybe a Commissioner wanted to express their views directly to FSOC, that that might even merit a formal Commission discussion and a formal view of the Commission potentially, before you simply represented the Commission in your own individual capacity.    Mr. Hill. So, I have only been in Congress 11 months or so, but one thing that has come up consistently, Mr. Watt--it is very helpful to have so many of you in one hearing--is this lack of transparency in the process that many in the industry feel.    And yes, it is a new agency and it has growing pains and has structure to be put in place.    But there is a right way and kind of a wrong way, I think, to do things in Washington. We all know the Administrative Procedure Act. We all know our obligation to openness. And in some cases we have taken actions before we even have rules. I think somebody referenced that we have designated insurance companies before we have even set what the standards might be for insurance companies.    So one thing I looked at is that for--in G-SIFIs certain capital surcharges there is a very transparent, mathematic--I have seen it written down, how to designate somebody for a G-SIFI surcharge. And that looked very transparent to me.    And yet, we don't even have that level of information on routine decisions in considering non-bank SIFI designations, or even, to some degree, activities-based SIFI analysis.    Who wants to comment on that? Maybe Chairman Gruenberg, you might comment on that, since it is both a banking and a non-bank designation question?