    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. I do appreciate the satire in satirically violating the rules of decorum of the House. I always felt it was rather satirical of somebody who had to be lying to say ``lying Ted'' or ``the most dishonest person he had ever met'' since he was the most honest man in the race.    But let's go back to this Paris Agreement, and I appreciate, Mr. Kontorovich, your written testimony. You got into more detail that the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change accepted the Palestinian Authority as a state party. As you say, the move is part of the Palestinian effort to be declared a state. The United States does not recognize the Palestinian Authority as a state, and U.S. policy has consistently opposed such moves. Therefore, longstanding U.S. law requires the defunding of any U.N. organization that grants Palestinian Authority such status. We also--I haven't read the Paris Agreement, but my understanding from reading articles about the Paris Agreement, the original article IX required developing nations to transfer wealth to underdeveloped nations, and normally, that would require congressional action so--and I know there was this great facade over the Iranian treaty. The Corker bill amended the Constitution with a legislative act by requiring a treaty to only get one-third of the vote of the Senate in order to be effectively ratified. I still think the Constitution is intact in that area. It should have required two-thirds to ratify what is a treaty, because it does modify a number of other treaties like with regard to missiles and proliferation. So, on one hand, I appreciate the testimony. Clearly, if we're going to be transferring American wealth, with all due respect to the President's desire to spread the wealth, that's not something he has authority under the Constitution to do without congressional concurrence. And it also does explain why after the Kyoto accords, the underdeveloped nations were all claiming: If we don't get America on board, this agreement doesn't work. What they were saying was: If America doesn't sign on, then the one country that's going to send us checks is not going to be sending us checks, which is the whole reason we're part of this; we want to get checks from the U.S. Congress, from the U.S. Treasury.    And so does anybody see a constitutional way of having the United States Treasury send money to the benefit of foreign countries without congressional concurrence in that? Anybody? Mr. Groves?    Mr. Gohmert. Constitutionally.    Mr. Gohmert. Yeah. Apparently, it is going on like money being provided to Iran without congressional consent, but any other thoughts on that happening?    Mr. Gohmert. Was there a need to put that in since they do not have authority to do that currently?    Mr. Gohmert. Do you agree that the Senate should have taken a vote on the Iranian agreement as a treaty and determined whether or not they get two-thirds to ratify?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, my time has expired, but I'm astounded that you think the Senate can call a cow a horse and then it becomes a horse. But thank you for your testimony.