    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And welcome, Director.    I'm just going to ask you to have a conversation about one area, and that's about guns. In my hometown, there could be 40, 50 shootings in a weekend. That's about a whole classroom of kids any weekend. And so I know that you have a relationship with making sure that we check who can and cannot purchase guns here at the FBI. And it just seems that whatever we do in Chicago, guns are just--well, first, our laws have been weakened because there have been challenges to them, so we used to have pretty strong--when I first got elected in 1986 to the Chicago City Council, they give you a badge in Chicago, and you can get a gun. I opted not to take the badge or the gun. I figured the Chicago police could do both of those things, wear the badge and carry the gun for me and for the rest of the people, and I think the people of the city of Chicago were well served by me making that decision.    But, look, so here we have like a majority in the Congress of the United States that's really unwilling to take up the challenge that guns and firearms are--and they're coming from Indiana, and they're coming from Mississippi, and they're coming from all over, and they wind up in Chicago. So I guess, if you could just tell us, what are you ideas on how do I and people at a local level or as a Member of Congress, how do I help curb gun violence? What things can we do to help curb, absent legislation?    Mr. Gutierrez. Could you tell us, the Members, what kinds of things are we doing in Chicago via your agency and the Federal Government to help the people of the city?    Mr. Gutierrez. So as I look at the challenge of gun violence in the city of Chicago and I see that there are--I mean, if we took a map of the city of Chicago and we put, reluctantly, little stars where people had been murdered due to gun violence, do you know or have you seen, is it the whole city of Chicago? When I look at it, I'm not that worried about my grandson walking in Portage Park to the park. I'm worried but not that worried as I would be in other neighborhoods of the city. So what other dimensions are there that relate to gun violence as you've seen from a----    Mr. Gutierrez. Mr. Director--just 15 seconds, and I'll finish up, Mr. Chairman.    So Mr. Director, there are a group of us in the Hispanic Congressional Caucus and African American Members of color, we like to have a roundtable discussion with you, a conversation from different parts of the United States and not in such a formal setting as this in which you might be able to share with us how better, in communities of color in America, where the gun violence is so rampant, you might give us some of your thoughtful input. Would you agree to do that with us?    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you so much, Mr. Director.