    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Madam Chair and Ranking Member Deutch, for calling this hearing to assess President Obama's Fiscal Year 2017 budget request for the Middle East and North Africa.    And thank you, Ambassador Patterson and Administrator Alexander, for being here today. I look forward to hearing from you, and I want to thank you both for your dedication and your service to our country.    The Fiscal Year 2017 request of $7.17 billion for the region is an increase of almost 9 percent over Fiscal Year 2015 enacted levels. The vast security and humanitarian needs in the region certainly justify increased spending levels, and I look forward to hearing from our witnesses about how the United States will make sure this money is used for effectively to achieve American strategic priorities.    This budget request is an issue of critical importance, especially during this time of great flux and threats to global security. From the civil war in Syria and its subsequent humanitarian and refugee crisis to the threat of ISIL, Boko Haram, and other extremist groups who seek to undermine stability and security throughout the region, to many humanitarian perils faced by millions of people in the region, it is more important than ever that U.S. foreign assistance is targeted, responsive, and able to meet our principal goals.    As Ambassador Power states in her written testimony, the Middle East and North Africa present the most demanding challenges to U.S. foreign policy and national security. Through the work of the State Department and USAID, we must remain engaged and do all that we can to help the nations of this region to be more self-sufficient in terms of providing for its people through good governance, democratization, and less susceptible and better able to repel extremist threats.    Thank you, and I look forward to your testimony. And I yield back.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Ambassador Patterson, the President's budget removes Egypt's partial aid conditions, the company national security waiver, and the reporting requirement entirely. Would you describe the justification for proposing this removal of language? And do you think Egypt has made substantial progress on human rights that would warrant removal of these conditions? This is a pretty significant action.    Mr. Cicilline. Well, I guess my concern is, is it read that way by the Egyptians? I mean, it may be that that is the policy of the Department, but it just seems to me, in the context of what we see happening in Egypt, it sends a very strange message at a time of increased human rights violations to remove these conditions. And so, I would just raise that because I think it is very important that that not be the message.    Would you also describe how the budget reflects resources being devoted to combat Iran's terrorist and destabilizing activities in the region? There has been a lot of conversation about the limitation of JCPOA and our expectation that we would be pushing back hard on Iran in a variety of other areas. I would like you, if you could, speak to how the budget supports responding to Iran's activities in the region. And if there is any indication of a change in Iran's behavior and, as a result, particularly in the area of human rights, has there been an increase in the imposition of sanctions for human rights violations by Iran?    Mr. Cicilline. And my last two questions, Ambassador. What is the status of the MOU negotiations with Israel? Are there some additional options being considered, a lot of new threats to their security?    And finally, does the budget reflect any rebuilding in Syria or is it really still focused on responding to the immediate crisis? And how are we supporting this work to ensure that the ceasefire holds? And does the budget provide some resources to do that and in what way?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you. I yield back. Thank you, Madam Chair.