    Ms. Bass. Well, thanks for letting us know how you really feel.    Thank you very much for your testimony. I think this has been a very, very, very interesting discussion. And I just wanted to ask a few questions.    One, as I listen to the three of you, and I want you to tell me whether I am right or wrong, there are things that need to be improved in the NSC but I don't think I heard any of you say that we are in some kind of crisis and that there is something terribly wrong.    I guess listening whether we should increase or decrease the staff, what worries me about that is that it seems rather mechanical and I can absolutely appreciate what you were saying Mr. Chollet, if I am pronouncing your name correctly, about how things have changed so much, especially from Bloomfield, you know what you were saying.    Mr. Chollet, you mentioned climate change and I was wondering how--cybersecurity I certainly understand but I was wondering if you could give me an example of how climate change fits in there.    But if each of you could respond to: We are not in a crisis, there are things that could be improved, but there is no great disaster happening. Am I correct in what I hear?    Ms. Bass. Okay.    Ms. Bass. Oh, so it is because he has been engaging in international diplomacy that he has----    Ms. Bass. Right. I just didn't see. I mean believe me, I understand the significance of climate change. I just didn't see its relation here.    Ambassador Bloomfield. Can I just take a moment?    Congresswoman Bass, I will be the one that says crisis is too strong a word but the bus only shows up every 4 years before an election when you can think a little bit out of the in-basket and say what should we be fixing.    I think we have something verging on a crisis in our national security community----    Ms. Bass. Okay.    Ambassador Bloomfield . And it is not personal to President Obama or any of the members of his team who have been named today. It is broader than that and it is more historic.    There is a foreign diplomat in Asia who made a comment a few years ago that is true. He said when he deals with other governments, they take 20 percent of the time figuring out their policy and 80 percent implementing it.    Ms. Bass. Oh.    Ambassador Bloomfield. But in Washington it is reversed.    Ms. Bass. Yes.    Ambassador Bloomfield. I have spent much of my life watching the internecine battles between people trying to hang onto their authority, their issue. I will give you one example. My old bureau, the Political Military Bureau, went into Libya, after Ghadafi was taken down, to look for loose weapons and shoulder-fired missiles and arms with U.N. folks.    Then came Syria. And I remember Congressman Royce held a hearing on Syrian chemical weapons. But because chemical weapons are WMDs, that is a different bureau. We had teams on the ground, operational, with communications, ready to go, but a different bureau said no, that is my turf. And that is just one of a thousand, I used the term ``thousand bowls of rice'' in my testimony and I see that. And I think we need to address it.    Ms. Bass. Okay.    Ambassador Miller. Very quickly, Ms. Bass, I think crisis is the wrong term but it is close. Crises today seem to be defined by what is on the right-hand column of The Washington Post front page, whatever. We are in a significant crisis in terms of the stature of the United States in the world, full stop. If you are traveling out there, you are going to get an earful. If you are an old Ambassador, you are used to being criticized. But it is getting worse and we need to step back and take a serious look about how our country is developing international strategy and as Linc was saying, then, how we implement.    Much of our report focuses on the fact that there may have been reasonable strategic decisions made but the implementation was poor enough to jeopardize the outcome and I think that is a very serious issue.    And one last observation and that is, one of the things that you are observing is the White House is trying to solve many, many, many problems. There is not a staff at the White House of the size to solve all the problems that really fall under the jurisdiction of cabinet secretaries and agency heads.    And so I think one of the things that we need to look at is the proper use of the cabinet officials and the agency heads to say the President cares a great deal about X and he wants you, Madam Secretary, to go do that, not to add another layer of people at the White House.    Thank you.    Ms. Bass. Thank you.