    Mr. Connett. Thank you. Chairman Whitfield and members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify today on legislation to protect grid-enabled water heaters.    You mentioned my name. My name is Gary Connett, Director of Demand-Side Management at Great River Energy, a generation and transmission cooperative that serves 28 member retail distribution cooperatives located in Minnesota and Northwestern Wisconsin. And I, by the way, am one of these people that actually has one of these water heaters that we are talking about today. I want to thank the subcommittee for addressing this important and timely issue. Large-capacity electric resistance water heaters are essential demand response tools for electric cooperatives. Immediate action is needed to mitigate the impacts of a 2010 Department of Energy efficiency rule and help maintain our ability to use those water heaters in voluntary demand response programs.    The DOE rule which goes into effect on April 16, as you mentioned, effectively bans the manufacture of electric resistance water heaters with this storage capacity of over 55 gallons. As manufacturers prepare to shut down production lines, this widely supported legislation is urgently needed.    The electric industry is searching for a low-cost battery to store electricity. At Great River Energy, we think we have it. It is in the basements of nearly 100,000 homes in Minnesota. It charges each night and discharges every day in the form of hot water. It does this night after night, year after year, storing and discharging over 1,000 megawatt hours every day. I would argue that it might be the largest battery in the upper Midwest. This battery consists precisely of the same water heaters that the DOE wants to ban.    Through demand response programs offered by electric cooperatives, these super-insulated, high-efficiency water heaters store low-cost off-peak energy which is available in the nighttime hours. We store it in the form of hot water. They allow for the better utilization of renewable energy and more efficient operation of the electric grid. More importantly, water heaters play an important role in cooperatives' efforts to provide its member-owners with safe, reliable, and affordable electric energy.    Even when not tied to renewable energy, cooperatives across the country use these water heaters to reduce demand for electricity during peak hours which would otherwise be served by additional and less efficient electric generators. Today over 250 electric cooperatives across the country are engaged in voluntary demand response programs using large-capacity electric-resistance water heaters.    They are one of the best tools cooperatives have for integrating renewable energy and encouraging demand response and improving system reliability.    So on April 16 a new efficiency standard will take effect. This standard will require all large-capacity electric water heaters to operate at about 200 percent efficiency, a level that only heat-pump water heaters can achieve. While heat pump water heaters are energy efficient, they don't work so well with utility demand response programs and they don't work so well in cold climates, such as Minnesota.    The DOE, despite its good intentions, was unaware of the impact that its rule would have on utilities' demand response programs. However, due to regulatory hurdles, the DOE has not been able to resolve the issue.    In a great cooperative fashion, the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association worked with a large stakeholder group to come up with a legislative solution that will not only help protect these water heaters but will also advance water heater technology by establishing criteria for grid-enabled water heaters. The widespread stakeholder support for this solution should make it an easy decision to pass this urgent legislation immediately.    H.R. 906 doesn't repeal the DOE standard but rather permits the continued manufacture of large capacity water heaters above 75 gallons for use in demand response programs. The legislation includes language to prevent these water heaters from entering the market unless they are used in utility demand response programs.    As the subcommittee is aware, the consensus legislation has been incorporated into numerous pieces of energy efficiency legislation in both the House and the Senate over the past 2 years. Last March the House passed H.R. 2126, the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act, by an overwhelming vote of 375 to 36. Three of the four titles of H.R. 2126 were recently attached to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone pipeline, a bill that passed both the House and Senate in this Congress but was vetoed for reasons unrelated to the water heater title.    In summary, H.R. 906 is a good bill. It fixes things to everyone's liking. On behalf of Great River Energy and the other cooperatives across the Nation who face the threat to this new DOE standard, I want to thank Chairman Whitfield and Representative Welch as well as Representatives Latta, Loebsack, Cramer, and Doyle for their leadership on the current legislation and persistence in seeing it through. Thank you.    Mr. Connett. Mr. Chair, a lot of the electric cooperatives have a fair amount of electric water heaters in their territory today. We might call those uncontrolled water heaters. A lot of the co-ops' service territory doesn't have natural gas. It has propane as an option, and in many of those areas, the choice for heating water would be an electric water heater. It is less expensive to operate than a propane one.    Mr. Connett. And so if those were all to go in without any control capability, we are going to add to our peak demands, and if we start to add to our peak demands, that means additional cost to our consumers. It means additional emissions, additional fuel costs, additional power plants potentially. And so having this ability to have a water heater that is a large volume water heater that allows us to take that entire electric load and shift it to an off-peak period is good for our memberships and good for our co-ops.    Mr. Connett. Thank you. In terms of the consumers, we sell the energy that goes to these large-capacity water heaters. We call them off-peak water heaters if you will. We sell the energy to them at a fairly low price. And so they can heat their water for around $240 a year. And that compares to say propane. And propane is rather volatile, at least it is in Minnesota, or has been. And so sometimes propane for that same amount of water could be $500 or $600 or $700 cost. It would vary. In terms of natural gas, it would be competitive with natural gas if you could heat your water for $240 we will do the same with an off-peak water heater.    Mr. Connett. Those are savings to the consumer. In terms of the utility, it has to go back to this notion that without these programs, we would have to buy high-cost energy in the market. And the notion is is that we have a peak at every utility every day, and that peak for a lot of co-ops occurs at suppertime. That is when we are all home and we are having dinner. And by the way, that is usually the largest time of hot water consumption. And so if all these water heaters were not able to--if we weren't able to control them, they are adding to our peaks and we would have to build peaking plants to serve that load or buy high-cost energy. The cost to build the peaking plant for 100 megawatts is about $80 million. It gets fairly expensive to serve that peak power that we can avoid.    Mr. Connett. You know, I would say it this way, that premier program for the co-ops, demand-side management programs is water heating.    Mr. Connett. It is by far the most successful and the most widespread program that we have.    Mr. Connett. Yes, I can speak to Great River Energy. And about 20 percent of our membership has a demand-response water heater.    Mr. Connett. Again, for the consumer, it is cost savings. They are not going to spend as much to heat hot water as they would otherwise.    Mr. Connett. I should speak for Minnesota. And we have installed a number of heat pump water heaters in employees' homes just to get a sense of how well they do work, and there is no doubt about it. In Minnesota, every water heater is in a basement, and those basements are conditioned. And we heat those basements. And so to put a heat pump water heater into I will call it the furnace room, it is going to cool that furnace room down quite a bit. It has been described as I can hang dead deer in there now. It is cold. And what it is doing is a heat pump water heater extracts heat from that room. That is what a heat pump does. It extracts heat and puts that heat into the water heater.    Think of a refrigerator for a minute. That is extracting heat from inside the refrigerator and putting it into your kitchen. That is a heat pump in action. This is another heat pump. It is going to extract heat from its environment. You need a fairly--the heat pump manufacturers will tell you, you need so much area in your furnace room to have a heat pump water heater because it has to extract heat from that space, and it is going to condense it and squeeze it all together and put it into the water heater. So that mechanical room is going to be a little cool. And that might spill over into the family room or the living room down in the basement as well.