    Mr.  Barr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Chairman Fitzpatrick, Vice Chairman Pittenger, and Ranking Member Lynch. I also want to join my colleagues in complimenting you all for your leadership in convening this task force and giving the testimony that we have heard here today and the other hearings before this task force. We obviously have many gaps and deficiencies in the way in which our country counters terrorism financing. And I look forward to working with each of you in developing perhaps a legislative package that adopts some of the recommendations made here today and in--from the other witnesses we have heard from in other hearings.    With respect to the proposed Iran nuclear deal, the joint comprehensive plan of action, I wanted to ask Mr. Modell a question about the impact that a finalized deal would have on the existing deficiencies that you testified about. In particular, you testified that terrorism finance has become one of our most pressing national security challenges, yet the plans, programs, and practitioners are falling far short of where they need to be. My question to you, Mr. Modell, is will we fall further behind if this deal is finalized? And, secondly, is there a way to quantify how much further behind will we be if this deal is finalized?    In other words, how much additional pressure will this place on the efforts to counter the financing of terrorism?    Mr.  Barr. Can you give us a concrete example of how the sanctions relief in the deal would complicate our efforts or make more difficult the existing efforts to counter the financing of terrorism and, specifically, you referenced Hezbollah. You talked about the deficiencies in operations against Hezbollah as illicit financial apparatus within Lebanon. Maybe you could take that as the example.    How would the deal, the sanctions relief in the deal, specifically complicate our efforts to counter those activities in southern Lebanon?    Mr.  Barr. Sorry. Can you elaborate also--with my limited time remaining, you testified about how it would be more complicated to verify compliance on the nuclear components of the deal if we are not fully tracking the flow of Iranian sanctions relief. Can you elaborate on that? Because Secretary Kerry has told Members of Congress and the public that most of the sanctions relief--he has attempted to assure us that most of the sanctions relief will go to internal improvements within Iran. So the question is, can you elaborate on the verification of the nuclear component to the agreement?    Mr.  Barr. Thank you. I yield back.