    Mr. Cordray. Thank you, Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee for the opportunity to testify today. I am glad to work with you and with my colleagues on the Council to strengthen our financial system.    As we are all aware, just a few years ago disruptions in the housing market preceded a financial crisis that caused significant damage to our people and our economy. The ensuing deep recession caused millions of Americans to lose their jobs, and millions of families to lose their homes, as the ranking member noted. Many saw their retirement savings diminished as Americans lost trillions of dollars in household wealth.    Severe deficiencies in the loans supporting mortgage-backed securities in particular created shocks that upended the financial system.    In the aftermath of the crisis, Congress passed financial reform legislation to address the problems that led to the crisis and help ensure they would not happen again. Among the steps taken were the creation of the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau     The creation of the FSOC provides for the first time a means of comprehensively monitoring the stability of our Nation's financial system. Prior to the crisis, the U.S. financial regulatory framework focused more on individual institutions and individual markets in isolation from one another. No one regulatory body was responsible for monitoring and addressing overall risk to financial stability, which too often involved different types of financial firms operating in complex and intertwined ways across multiple markets.    The potential for supervisory and regulatory gaps were viewed as creating blind spots in important parts of the financial system. After the crisis, Congress recognized the need for a mechanism to bring financial regulators together to monitor the financial system, share information and expertise, and coordinate the regulatory efforts to respond effectively to emerging threats to financial stability.    One approach that Congress specified to address these issues was to designate certain financial institutions and financial market utilities as systemically important to the stability of the U.S. financial system for the purpose of applying enhanced prudential standards and supervision.    As you know, the FSOC includes the Consumer Bureau, which is the first Federal agency solely focused on protecting consumers in the financial marketplace. Products such as mortgages and credit cards are involved in some of the most important financial transactions in people's lives. These products are often funded through complex financial markets and they may constitute the underlying assets for more complex and highly levered securities.    As the crisis made clear, financial stability, market discipline, and consumer protections are closely interrelated. Part of the mission of the Consumer Bureau, therefore, is to help ensure that the recent economic meltdown is not repeated. The practices that led to the financial crisis are inconsistent with principles of fairness, transparency, and competitiveness in markets.    We are exercising the authority Congress gave us to ensure balanced oversight and prevent harmful practices in consumer financial markets. When honest and innovative businesses can succeed on the merits, fair competition drives growth and progress and the entire financial system rests on stronger and sturdier foundations.    As the Director of the Consumer Bureau, I look forward to continuing to fulfill Congress' vision for our agency in my role in the FSOC. That is what we are here today working together to do. Thank you again for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Cordray. Thank you, Congresswoman. First of all, Congress set the structure of the Council and determined which agencies should be represented there. And it is a broad cross-section of the Federal financial regulators.    In the case of the Consumer Bureau in particular, it is worth noting that the financial crisis that gave rise to the Council was caused, everybody agrees, by irregularities in the mortgage and housing markets.    People disagree somewhat as to the chain of events that led to this, but a meltdown in the housing and mortgage markets was transmitted by various channels throughout the economy and threatened the stability of the financial system.    The very first issue that was raised at the first meeting, which is before I joined the FSOC--I was not yet the Director of the Consumer Bureau--was mortgage servicing and foreclosures. There were briefings on those at the first several meetings. Those are issues that are very central to the work that has been done in the early years by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.    All of us on the Council are charged by law with examining the economic system for emerging threats to financial stability, which we do. The annual report has been a very good and transparent and thorough account of the Council's thinking about both present and emerging threats and is our best attempt to monitor and report on what we see in the financial system at that time.    There were various issues that each member of the Council and each entity that they represent is more or less expert in. And we share that expertise with one another to try to arrive at a broader, more comprehensive view of the financial system than each of us could do alone.    Mr. Cordray. We have. And I believe we should.    Mr. Cordray. I think everybody could have their own personal point of view on that. I think one of the factors that the FSOC has looked at, in terms of thinking about systemic risk, is both debt and leveraging of levels of investment.    And therefore how much risk could be transmitted through the system, if there were adverse developments to the extent to which capital is deployed. And so, I do think that is an appropriate factor in looking at the kind of issues raised before the Council.    Mr. Cordray. I am not an insurance expert.    Mr. Cordray. I am not exactly sure what analysis was used to get to that number. But the reality is that each of us has deputies who work together on the FSOC on the analysis. Then, I am briefed on the analysis and have a chance to review the materials--    Mr. Cordray. --extensive materials--    Mr. Cordray. --submitted by Congress--    Mr. Cordray. I am saying that the slice on it here I think is not reflective of the full work done at the FSOC.    Nonetheless, I am not an insurance expert. But other members of the Council are not banking experts. Certain members of the Council are not investment experts. It is all of us together--    Mr. Cordray. --who work together.    Mr. Cordray. I don't think that is correct. First, there is FSOC staff. There is staff of the member agencies contributed who work together. And then there is our own analysis.    But again, to focus only on the insurance company potential designations is only a partial picture. There are bank designations. There are other financial company designations. There are investor area designations. Everybody has relative expertise in some areas--    Mr. Cordray. --and less in others.    Mr. Cordray. Could I simply add something? To me, this exemplifies vigorous congressional oversight.    The Congress and this committee have had comments on transparency at the FSOC. We have listened to those. The GAO did a report with comments. We have listened to those.    It is a new body. It is still just a few years old. Transparency is developing and evolving as we go, and I believe has been responsive to a lot of the concerns raised here.    Mr. Cordray. No. We have been--if you look at our mortgage rules, we tiered the application of those rules on the qualified mortgage, what we call the ability-to-repay rule. We made special provisions for smaller creditors, and in fact, they have increased their share of the mortgage market, credit unions and community banks.    And frankly, it is appropriate, because if you look through the financial crisis, the default rates on loans that were issued by smaller creditors, particularly depository institutions, had a much better--that is, lower rate of default--than other mortgages made generally in the marketplace.    So where we can take that into account and think about how we can apply different provisions for different levels of risk, I think that is entirely appropriate.    We will continue to do so.    Mr. Cordray. We are comfortable with that, particularly for smaller entities, but there were larger entities before the crisis that kept mortgages on their balance sheet and blew up the system, Washington Mutual, Countrywide, and others. So at smaller levels, I am quite comfortable with that.    Mr. Cordray. No.    Mr. Cordray. I would--    Mr. Cordray. I would add that we enforce the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. We work with the Justice Department on those matters. We recently resolved the largest redlining mortgage lending matter in the history of this country.    We have had significant matters in auto lending discrimination and credit card as well. This is an important means of making sure that everybody across our society has equal access to credit and aren't discriminated against on the basis of race and ethnic origin.    Mr. Cordray. I think we rely on FSOC staff. We rely on the analysis done by them. There are people loaned from the member agencies of FSOC who do work on this. And then we talk to our own staffs.    But to go back to the point my colleague Mr. Woodall made a moment ago, in terms of insurance companies there seems to be a lot of dissatisfaction here with the designation of MetLife and Prudential.    Mr. Cordray. AIG is also an insurance company--    Mr. Cordray. --designated by this body. And it had tremendous reach--    Mr. Cordray. That is right--    Mr. Cordray. And there have also been a number of insurance companies that meet the $50 billion asset threshold that have not been designated. So it is a spectrum here. And it is a judgment that has to be made--    Mr. Cordray. We have not designated any asset managers as SIFIs. It is a matter that is--    Mr. Cordray. --under consideration--    Mr. Cordray. That is a point of view. And these are the kinds of issues that are under consideration--    Mr. Cordray. I don't know here, but in front of Congress, more than 50 times the Bureau has been called to testify.    Mr. Cordray. I think I would add that to a point that I thought made earlier was also a good point, which is as we add structure and regulations and requirements, we should consider the effects on international competitiveness.    I also think that you are raising a fair point, which is we should consider the effects on potential liquidity in the markets. It has been raised earlier in the hearing as well.    These are the kinds of considerations that should go into the kinds of work that is being done by the FSOC, and frankly work that is being done by the Congress. Quite a bit of the criteria that FSOC is employing are criteria that were embedded in the statute that Congress set that we are merely following, enforcing and carrying out.    But I think it is a fair point that you are making about how different requirements and different structures can potentially affect on the one hand stability and safety, and on the other hand potentially liquidity. I think it is fair for us to consider that as we go.    Mr. Cordray. I think we have the same technical expertise there that we have on all the other issues the FSOC is considering, which is, there is FSOC staff itself in the Office of Financial Research, and from the member agencies of FSOC.    There was a graph put up earlier from the GAO report, and it was used at the time to suggest that certain agencies didn't devote enough people to certain problems. But I thought it was notable that when you look down the columns, the aggregate numbers of people being devoted by the agencies to address certain issues was ranged from in the 50s to in the 90s.    It is a considerable amount of support. This is very high level of support. We are talking about some of the top analysts, economists, statisticians, and researchers from all of these member agencies, including Treasury and the Federal Reserve. They are the same kind of people who work on all the complicated, difficult financial issues in our economy such as monetary policy, fiscal policy, international issues, and the like.    Mr. Cordray. No. I think we are talking about staff from all the member agencies. Depending on the issue, there may be more or less staff from different parts: more banking agency staff on a banking issue; more investment regulator staff on an investment issue; and the like.    Mr. Cordray. You are asking me to speak only for myself. This is not a consensus view of FSOC. But if that were shown to be the case, if the evidence so demonstrated, I think that would be fair game.    Mr. Cordray. We actually just had a completed report and audit study done by our Inspector General of the Consumer Complaint Database. It was just issued in September, so less than 2 months ago. It indicated that there were a very small number of errors in the system. And that was a report and study and investigation that we followed very closely. There are recommendations that--    Mr. Cordray. Yes, I believe it is publicly available. It has been issued. And the GAO has also looked at this over the years and made a number of recommendations to us.    We are very mindful of those. We are very mindful of recommendations that you and your colleagues may want to bring to us as well. We do feel strongly that a public complaint database is an important incentive for institutions to step up their customer response--    Mr. Cordray. --and I think they are learning a lot from--    Mr. Cordray. There are issues around the term ``verbatim.'' And I have been in discussions about that with our ombudsman, been in discussions with that with other overseers, including the Inspector General and the like. It is something our consumer response group is looking at carefully to try to make sure--    Mr. Cordray. --that they scrub that.    Mr. Cordray. So we will be happy to give you more information as you--    Mr. Cordray. I think we have provided for more openness as we have been amending and changing procedures as we go--    Mr. Cordray. I think we--