    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I appreciate your testimony today.    I understood that, previously, there had been mention of a 10 to 20 percent cut in social programs being proposed in Puerto Rico, and I am curious: Does anybody know if there are proposals of cutting the government workers by 10 to 20 percent, or is it just social benefits? Anyone know?    Mr. Gohmert. This same cut, 10 to 20 percent?    Mr. Gohmert. Yes.    Mr. Gohmert. I have seen one projection that 20 percent of all income in Puerto Rico came from Federal welfare benefits from those paying Federal taxes in the 50 states and, unfortunately, for the District of Columbia, for DC, too, so I am curious, of the reforms that you refer to as retrospective, that were 10 to 20 percent of social benefit cuts, were those cuts that Puerto Rico is making to Puerto Ricans, because my understanding is that it certainly was not cuts to social benefits from the Federal Treasury?    Mr. Gohmert. Right.    Mr. Gohmert. One of the remarkable things, Puerto Rico ought to be the model for how free markets could work. It could be the United States' Hong Kong, because there is no Federal income tax. All it would need is to streamline and not have such a bloated government where, I have seen the numbers--one community of 1,800 or so, 45-plus percent work for the government, and then the list goes on down. A community of 35,000, 40 percent of those work for the government. Another community, 27,000, 39 percent work for the government.    If it were not for all the government workers in Puerto Rico, there would be no need to have a 4-percent higher corporate tax than the United States itself has. We have the highest corporate tax of any advanced nation in the world, 35 percent. Yet, Puerto Rico has more than that at 39 percent. I would think that with no Federal income tax, if you get it down to around 12 percent, business would be flocking, but nobody wants to come to a place where 45 percent of the community works for the government. That does not wreak of free markets, growing businesses.    And then it seems one of the real tragedies--on the one hand, we are told if we will allow an exception for Puerto Rico to lower the minimum wage, then that will create more jobs and that will get more Puerto Ricans working, because we did provide an exception when the Democrats had the majority for one of our territories, but that was not Puerto Rico.    But then when I see a projection that a family of three, the take-home pay for doing a minimum wage job at the current level would be less than $1,200, but with the U.S. Federal welfare, AFDC welfare, food stamps, the take-home is more like $1,800. Then if we lower the minimum wage, then there is even less take-home for those who might be tempted to work for about two-thirds of what they get if they do not work.    My time is expiring, but I would welcome anything in writing from any of our witnesses that would tell us how to balance that problem. Thank you.    I yield back.    The Chairman. OK. You have your assignment.    Ms. Tsongas.