    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And before I begin my remarks, let me also welcome our new member and to tell him that I'm a product of St. Mary's and I graduated before you were born.    And let me welcome Administrator McCarthy to today's hearing and express my deep appreciation for her distinguished public service. I look forward to her testimony.    And, Mr. Chairman, the reason I'm here by myself on this side is that every other Democrat is on the House Floor awaiting a bill, because without a bill, there will be no break, the bill concerning gun violence.    Based on previous committee hearings with EPA, I have little doubt that some members will try to argue today that EPA is an overzealous, job-killing agency that needs to be reined in, namely, the rhetoric we have heard from our majority colleagues throughout this entire Congress.    Of course, the reality is far different. Administrator McCarthy, you and your dedicated agency staff have the noble and unenviable task of trying to protect human health and the environment in which we live and work from harm arising from many different sources. As such, your job is never truly done, and the ongoing nature of your work makes it easy for critics to find fault, with some arguing you're doing too much, some arguing you're doing too little.    Let us be clear. The issues you--that underlie achieving these goals are complex, necessitating equally complex rules and regulations that require commitments and sacrifice from all involved parties to achieve a common benefit, a healthy environment. I am pleased that EPA continues to rise to this challenge and has developed regulations that are balanced and progressive, further illustrating that economic prosperity and environmental protection can go hand-in-hand. They're not mutually exclusive.    Just in the last year, EPA has finalized the Clean Power Plan, the National Ambient Air Quality Standards, and its first-ever standards to reduce methane emissions from the oil and gas sector. While protecting public health, these regulations have also helped advance our efforts to limit the harmful effects of climate change. Actions taken by EPA have demonstrated America's intention to lead the world's effort to address climate change and have led to such a positive result as last December's Paris agreement.    Mr. Chairman, I hope that this committee will take the opportunity today to give serious attention to Administrator McCarthy's testimony and examine what has actually been accomplished. It is an impressive record and one that this Congress should support. Unfortunately, that has not been this committee's approach to EPA's oversight in recent years. Instead, since the beginning of the current Congress alone, this committee has sent 28 oversight requests to EPA and has launched 12 separate EPA-related investigations. EPA has already delivered more than 15,000 documents consisting of 139,000 pages to the Science Committee. I don't know where they're getting all these grocery carts to wheel it over here, with more document demands still outstanding, and I don't know where we're storing it once it gets here. And you can multiply these numbers by three to get the number of documents and pages provided to Congress as a whole over the same period.    We're imposing an incredible burden on the hardworking men and women of EPA and spending a lot of taxpayers' dollars in the process to know--I don't know to what end. Does anybody read it when it gets here? The sum total result of all this committee oversight can be measured more in press releases that in any concrete findings that could justify the time and resources EPA has had to expend in trying to satisfy the majority's demands.    I would hope that this committee will step back from the path it is on and not continue to engage in reflexive opposition to the efforts of an agency simply trying to carry out its statutory-mandated missions. While no agency is perfect, preventing EPA from doing its job at all is not good for the country and not a good use of time. Instead of trying to score political points through efforts to undercut EPA's important work, we should work together in a productive way to advance our economy, a cleaner environment, and a healthier world for humanity.    Thank you. I yield back.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Administrator, it has been said that Congress is one of the few places where you can find the rhetoric of climate change denial alive and well. While that is disheartening, I'm reminded that these views are not representative of the majority of Americans. What kind of response have you seen from people as you travel the country discussing EPA's work? And have you found more support and positive feedback than you do here in this room?    Ms. Johnson. Thank you. Environmental challenges are often most severe among communities of color. The NAACP highlighted this fact stating that African-American children are twice as likely to die of asthma and three times more likely to be admitted to the hospital for asthma attack while African-American adults are more likely to die of lung disease while being less likely to smoke.    The NAACP went on to applaud the EPA's progress in setting a stronger standard but echoed the call of every major health organization by stating that our children, families, and communities deserve better than the new standard.    The NAACP also criticized the National Black Chamber of Commerce for citing a widely debunked report to justify claims of economic harm to communities of color as a result of these regulations.    What bearing do you at EPA and EPA's activity have on the issue raised by the NAACP? And how can we prevent the most vulnerable among us from bearing a disproportionate economic and public health cost of environmental inaction?    Ms. Johnson. Thank you. Opponents of the new ozone standard of 70 parts per billion often criticize EPA for setting it before all areas of the country have attained the new--the old standard of 75 parts per billion, accusing EPA of shifting the goalpost. Why is it important that we build on existing improvements to air quality and not wait until the old standards of 75 parts per billion be attained by more parts of the country? And how does setting a new standard encourage additional action to achieve attainment? To those who claim attainment efforts will prove too costly, how would you characterize the cost of inaction to this issue?    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much. My time is--my time really hasn't expired. I'm going to give you back 20 seconds.    Ms. Johnson. Mr. Chairman?    Ms. Johnson. Yes.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much.    I ask unanimous consent to make the NAACP letter a part of the record, and simply want to thank the Administrator for being here today and being questioned for two and a half hours.