    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Admiral, first of all, I would like to thank you for your 34 years of dedicated service in the Coast Guard, and I certainly wish you the best of luck in your new role as the TSA administrator. You have got a very difficult job ahead of you.    As a number of our recent hearings in this committee have highlighted, there are some immediate and frankly glaring problems that you will need to address in this new role.    We need to only rewind the clock a few days to underscore some of the troubling gaps that exist right now at TSA. I am sure that you are obviously aware that 3 days ago, on Sunday, at the Dallas-Fort Worth Airport a 26-year-old man was able to bypass TSA Security without a boarding pass or any identification at all and get on a plane to Guatemala. According to the police report, it was only after the police were called and the individual left the plane that TSA's security became aware of the incident.    So I want to give you an opportunity to respond to what happened at DFW and give us any information that you can about your investigation into how a breach of that magnitude was possible.    Mr. Ratcliffe. DFW is an airport that I use frequently and, obviously, many of the constituents that I represent as well. It is obviously one of the busiest airports in the country. Can you at least tell us at this point, do you know--is this an issue that was specific to the DFW airport or are some of the concerns here something that could happen at other airports around the country?    In other words, do you know if this is simply a configuration issue or is it a breach of protocol or procedures? Can you share any information at this point in time?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Admiral, obviously, that unfortunate event at DFW highlights the challenges that you face. I certainly do wish you luck and I look forward to having you work with this committee to improve airport and airline safety in this country. Thanks for being with us today.    I yield back.