    Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Madam Chair. We hear this term food desert quite a bit, and it characterizes an area with limited access to healthy foods, but there is a difference between urban and rural food deserts that probably we don't talk about very often, and I represent a very rural district. According to USDA, an urban food desert is an area that is 1 mile or more from healthy food providers, but if you live in an area like I do, in rural America, you may live 10 miles or more, and in remote areas, it is even worse than that, from your nearest grocery store or farmers' market.    So apart from the obvious geographic differences between urban and rural food deserts, can you discuss the distinct challenges that urban and rural food deserts present, and how that might merit a different response from both policymakers and those on the ground like yourselves? And anybody is welcome to weigh in on that, whoever wants to go first.    Mr. Crawford. That is encouraging, and I will just say that I represent a big part of the Mississippi River Delta in east Arkansas, and the irony of food production there, I guess, is that it is one of the most productive regions in the world, rice, cotton, corn, wheat, soybeans, milo, and so on, but very little production of anything else. And so farmers' markets have been a little bit slow in response to the need there, based on healthy food choices.    Now, I am a big advocate of rice, but the reality is, year-round you need healthy food choices. And, unfortunately, what we are relying on heavily are convenience stores in small towns. Please talk about the need for incentives for healthy food choices, which has been addressed to some degree on the preventative measures, making good healthy food choices versus the challenge of accessing that on a year-round basis. And particularly in the, ironically, under-served rural areas, where they can't get those kinds of food choices on a year-round basis.    Mr. Crawford. Thank you. I yield back Madam----    Mr. Crawford. Go ahead.    Mr. Crawford. Thank you.    The Chairwoman. Mr. Aguilar, you are recognized for 5 minutes.