    Dr. Maxwell. Thank you Congressman McKinley and thank you, Mr. Chairman for the opportunity. It is pretty humbling to be asked to speak with such an august group, but hopefully this testimony will help us in your quest to quell this rising tide that is a scourge in our Nation.    I have had the opportunity to take care of these babies that are suffering from neonatal abstinence syndrome, and so at the time back in 2006 when the West Virginia Perinatal Partnership was established, their mission was to look at areas that we could improve the health of mothers and babies in West Virginia, and at the time when all of the providers got together in a room, we decided that substance abuse in pregnancy or substance usage in pregnancy was an issue that we had to address, mainly because at the time, these babies that had neonatal abstinence syndrome were taking up most of the beds in the ICU, and level III institutions could not accept sick, small, premature babies from outlying institutions. Some of them had to be transported out of the State.    So at the time, we really were not understanding the whole impact of what was happening in the State. So I missed a meeting and became chairman of the substance abuse committee, I have to say, and I was given that responsibility, and over the ensuing 3 years or so, we tried to figure out what was the prevalence of this problem in our State, and so we embarked upon the umbilical cord tissue study, which looked at eight hospitals through the State, scattered throughout the State. We collected as many umbilical cord tissue samples as we could as sort of a pilot over a month-long period. We ended up collecting almost 800 samples, and then we realized that one in five of those samples was positive for a substance, many of them being polydrug abusers, which included opiates, marijuana, and so forth.    So this was obviously a daunting problem, and so at the Perinatal Partnership we decided to try to be proactive rather than reactive, and by that, I mean we wanted to see if we could reduce the numbers of babies with neonatal abstinence or at least reduce the severity of the neonatal abstinence syndrome at the end of the pregnancy. So we embarked upon a project that we called the Drug-Free Mothers and Babies Project whereby we sent out requests for proposals, got four or five in, and now have established four or five programs that are in the process. The aspects of this project are, one, we screen all women at the first antenatal visit, whether we do it using biological specimens like urine or we do it with screening tools such as what we call SBIRT screening, brief intervention, referral, and treatment. And then once we have identified a woman, a pregnant woman, who is using an opiate specifically, we then refer them to an addiction counselor and behavioral medicine, and try to follow them throughout that pregnancy with a goal to reducing or first of all converting the substance they are using to another drug that we can probably wean throughout the pregnancy with a goal to reducing the amount of drug that the baby is exposed to during the pregnancy and ultimately get them either off the drug or on a very small dose so that the severity of neonatal abstinence would be that much reduced.    Well, one of those programs has been operating now for about 2 years, and we have had great success with one of those programs, reducing their incidence of 19 percent of positive umbilical cord tissue samples at birth to 8 percent, which means that the cost associated with neonatal abstinence has been significantly reduced. We have also been following these ladies who have been in the program for up to a year. We don't have 2 years' worth of follow-up yet, but the goal is to follow them at home for the first 2 years after delivery and reinforce that behavioral modification that went on throughout the pregnancy.    The ultimate goal if this is a successful program is to develop what we call a pay-for-success program, whereby we can now try to save the government money in the long run by having an investor fund these programs, have an independent entity such as the Partnership administer the program with an independent audit, and at the end hopefully show that we have reduced the cost and ultimately improved the lives of these people that are ravaged by this terrible disease.    Thank you for the opportunity, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Maxwell. I will try, sir. The pay-for-success model I was introduced to last year when I attended as one of the representatives for our State at Readynation.org meeting in Charlotte, which was their first meeting, and they have brought this pay for success or social impact bond concept to the United States based on Great Britain's experience a few years ago looking at recidivism rates for juveniles going back into jail, and they had some success in Great Britain. The program was brought here by Robert Dugger and some other members of the ReadyNation organization, and I can't tell you exactly how many States but Virginia, North and South Carolina, I think New Jersey have implemented some of these programs. Some are actually social impact programs, some are pay-for-success programs looking at early childhood education and so forth.    I was intrigued when I heard of the model, and the model, I will have to read it for you because it makes a little bit more sense if I read it. Under this model, an investor finances the implementation of a proven or evidence-based social intervention program that is expected to improve social welfare and save government money in excess of the program implementation cost. So the government at the end repays the investment only after the program can measurably reduce state expenditures as a result of its successful implementation. So I thought that looking at our drug-free moms and babies model, that if it in fact is successful, that we could have this end up in a pay-for-success program because you identify women early in pregnancy using a screening tool, and as I said, urine is not a very good screening tool because if the woman has not done a substance in 2 or 3 days, then the urine will be negative, especially for alcohol, but for narcotics, I think that if they use it within a 24-hour period of time prior to the test that the urine will be positive. But the urine is not universally positive. And so we depend upon another tool. In West Virginia, we are using a tool that we call SBIRT. There are other areas. People in Chicago, Dr. Ira Chasnoff and his people are using the Five Piece Plus model, which is trademarked and so forth, so it is expensive.    So we use the SBIRT model, and there are people who train others to use this screening tool because the questions have to be asked in a specific way in order to get the answers. And so once you have screened them and you realize that they are positive, then we hope that we can get them into addiction counseling, and I have found looking at the programs that we have had in place now for the last 2 years or so, that addiction counseling and rehabilitation using behavioral medicine specialists seems to be the way to go because pregnancy is a unique opportunity, I think, to address addiction, and we find, I believe, that there is a very positive motivating force that occurs when you are pregnant because a woman really wants to deliver a healthy baby, believe it or not.    And so I have found that if we can intervene early in pregnancy, that throughout that pregnancy we might be able to have some behavior modification, and if not necessarily take them off the drug completely because sometimes that might be dangerous for the life of the fetus, but at least reduce their dependence upon the substance, hopefully using buprenorphine. Methadone has been a barrier because the problem is that we have now two people taking care of the patient. You have the methadone clinics, which are prescribing the medication to the mom, and sometimes they actually increase the amount of methadone that they are using throughout pregnancy rather than decreasing it.    So we like the conversion method where whatever opioid they are using gets converted to buprenorphine or Subutex. We can then control that mom a little bit more closely. We can wean her off the Subutex during pregnancy and reduce the amount of drug the baby is exposed to and hopefully reduce their length of stay. They are still probably going to withdraw at the end but the withdrawal period will be much shorter than the average of 16 or 20 days, whatever it is, and reduce the cost of stay and also improve the health and the welfare of both mom and baby as they go home.    Dr. Maxwell. Well, to be honest, sir, I don't have as much experience as you might think with addiction--people who are addicted to opiates. I really am a newborn intensivist, and I take care of the babies that are a product of those addicted moms.    But having said that, I am on the Governor's Advisory Council for Substance Abuse in West Virginia. Governor Tomlin established this probably 3, 4, years ago now, and we have an advisory council that oversees the work of task forces within the State. We have split the State into six different areas, and each area, each of those six areas has a task force, and the task force has meetings every month or bimonthly at the community level where they get information from the people. And then they bring that to the advisory council and we meet once or twice a year to collate all that information in terms of access to care, who is getting what and so forth, and where treatment centers are needed, et cetera, and we have had some success. The first year we had $7 million to spend, and we advised the Governor how to spend that money by identifying areas within the State that needed a treatment center, or because I am biased and it was for women and pregnant women treatment center, so we are working on that problem. I don't have all that information with me but I can get it to you.    Dr. Maxwell. From West Virginia, yes, we have recently passed legislation for pharmaceutical tracking, et cetera.    Just one point is that an unintended consequence from cracking down on the pill mills or whatever may be responsible for the increase in heroin use that we are seeing now because the patients that are coming in are not on oxycodone or hydrocodone or Percocet or any of these drugs any longer but they are on heroin, which is more easily available, and that might have been an unintended consequence.