    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to our guests today. There has been a lot of confusion over what qualifies as a label for food that contains ingredients derived from a GMO. Consumers I believe deserve to know what is in their food, but it is also necessary that FDA implement regulations to ensure that the labeling of GMO products is fair and standardized and transparent. Market-driven labeling ensures that the information they demand about the food being sold is clear and accurate without the confusion of dozens of different labels.    Mr. Clarkson, your testimony indicated that the best way to support consumers is through a national standard that includes a voluntary labeling program. So if the program is voluntary, how long would you expect for retailers and producers to begin participating in the program?    Ms. Adams. As a follow-up, GMO crops are often sprayed with high amounts of herbicide since they can survive being sprayed in Round-Up. This may wash into lakes and streams. Mother Nature eventually takes its course and weeds may become resistant to a chemical, thus requiring the use of more toxic herbicides.    Here is my question: how can we work with farmers to improve crop rotation so that weeds don't become resistant to herbicides so quickly?    Ms. Adams. Thank you. Mr. Schmidt, last summer your group conducted a survey to engage Americans' views of foods containing bioengineered ingredients. How do consumers view the current FDA policy allowing voluntary labeling for food products through biotechnology?    Ms. Adams. All right. Thank you very much, and Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia . Thank you for being here, ladies and gentlemen, and I will try to be brief. One of my concerns is not only that this labeling stop at the state level but that you could actually see individual counties and municipalities trying to come up with their own labeling standards. And therefore, you have six, seven, eight different standards in any given state. That would obviously have a tremendous impact on business owners, the grocery retailers, on the one side of the county line or city limit sign versus those who were on the other side.    I would typically steer toward states' rights on these issues. This is one where I do believe that without a uniform standard, we are going to see tremendous increases in the cost of groceries for the American citizen.    I will also tell you that this is a perception issue, and the more times we use the initials GMO or genetically modified, the worse it is for us. The term biotechnology, is a more accurate description of what we are using to get across where we actually use less pesticides and less herbicides. We don't want to put those things on our land. They cost money to apply them, and we as farmers want a clean environment as well.    It is interesting this past week as I listened--my wife and I were blessed to have a little girl, and I listened to the midwife as she was talking about groceries in making sure that they had no GMOs, and at the same time she turned around and recommended a tremendous number of things that were also products of biotechnology. And my wife suggested I shouldn't say anything to her because she might be delivering our daughter, but now that our daughter is here, I am free to say some of those things.    But the misperception out there has to be addressed. Biotechnology has made our life better, whether it is through pharmaceuticals or whether it is through our crops. And if I go to the Land O' Lakes' website, I can look up Land O' Lakes butter, and I know exactly what is in the products that I am consuming. This isn't about what is in the products that we eat. It is about what is in the seed that is planted. And I wonder if the same advocates for the labeling of our food supply, why aren't they suggesting that it should be done in our pharmaceutical supply as well because those are the things that we ingest.    So again, just reiterating, and Mr. Schmidt, I will go to you since we are down to 2 minutes. The use of biotechnology for our food and agriculture and pharmaceutical products have made our lives better. We are living longer than we ever have. Americans eat hundreds of millions of meals a day, literally. And my question is, how would it impact our ability to provide affordable and nutritious food to the American families, and would it not raise the cost of food, thereby hurting low-income Americans more than anybody, if we are not able to come up with a uniform labeling standard?