    Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Thank you, Chairman Hanna and Ranking Member Chu for allowing me to attend this hearing and to ask questions. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I am well aware of the importance of the mentor-protege program.    In fact, the 1st District of Oklahoma, from whence I come, is home to many contractors who participate in the mentor-protege program, especially in the design build firms.    My questions are directed to both witnesses. The way the mentor-protege program is now, if a mentor assists a protege through a subcontract, in other words the mentor is the subcontractor, the protege can be penalized as it runs the risk of being considered affiliated and losing its small business status.    If approved by the relevant small business program component director, would not allowing the mentor to subcontract to the protege in certain circumstances strengthen the mentor-protege program, provided there is no reimbursement for any performance by the mentor related to the subcontract or provided the mentor is not the only or the largest subcontractor under the protege's prime contract.    Often assistance is needed from the mentor in performing complex and unusual aspects of the protege's contract. Would not allowing the mentor to demonstrate means of performance through a subcontract potentially serve to strengthen the successful development of the protege? That is for both of you.    Mr. BRIDENSTINE. How long does that process generally take, the appeal?    Mr. BRIDENSTINE. I am running out of time here. I want to get to my second question, and certainly, we can follow up on the record with maybe comments afterward.    My second question is the DOD mentor-protege program allows the mentor to receive credit toward their subcontracting goals for their assistance to the protege, while the Small Business Administration's mentor-protege program currently does not.    The DOD allows the mentor to receive credit towards their subcontracting goals for their assistance, but the SBA does not. This is a significant issue that establishes a strong incentive for a mentor to provide developmental assistance.    What if anything is the SBA doing to be in line with the DOD MPP on this issue?    Mr. BRIDENSTINE. I am about a minute and a half over my time, so I will yield back.