    Mr. Arougheti. Great. Thank you.    Chairman Garrett, Ranking Member Maloney, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I am Michael Arougheti, the co-chairman of the board of directors of Ares Capital Corporation, a BDC that has invested more than $20 billion in hundreds of small and medium-sized companies, creating tens of thousands of American jobs.    By way of reminder, Congress created BDCs in 1980 to encourage capital flows to small and medium-sized companies at a time when these businesses had limited options for securing credit. Now uniquely, the BDC model allows ordinary investors the ability to participate in capital formation for small companies, effectively funding Main Street.    Today, similar to 1980, commercial banks continue to exit the middle-market lending space. Perhaps the most striking recent example of this is GE Capital's exit from the lending space. As the seventh largest bank in the United States, this will surely have a further significant adverse impact on the small and medium-sized businesses who have traditionally borrowed from GE Capital, and obviously on the jobs that these businesses have contributed to the economy.    I am here today to express support for the draft of the Small Business Credit Availability Act, H.R. 3868, being offered by Mr. Mulvaney. We believe that the proposed bill will enable BDCs to more easily raise capital and to make loans to middle-market companies, while ensuring that BDCs continue to be appropriately regulated and subject to stringent standards regarding transparency, and obviously shareholder protection.    I think it is important to note that BDCs are not seeking any government or taxpayer subsidy or support.    Many of the challenges that we face as BDCs arise out of our peculiar place in the regulatory framework, regulated as mutual funds yet operating as operating companies. The draft bill builds on H.R. 1800 and other bipartisan efforts in the previous Congress to modernize this regulatory framework, and to ensure that BDCs can continue to fulfill their original congressional mandate.    The proposed bill contains five provisions, each of which we believe will enable BDCs to more effectively fulfill their congressional mandate.    First, the proposed bill contemplates an increase in the BDC asset coverage test from 200 percent to 150 percent, subject to the satisfaction of shareholder-friendly conditions such as extensive public disclosure and transparency, and either a shareholder vote or a ``cooling-off period'' following approval by the independent members of a BDC's board of directors.    We don't believe that this introduces more risk. Rather, it will allow BDCs to invest in lower-yielding, lower-risk assets that don't currently fit their economic model. In fact, the current asset coverage test may ironically force certain BDCs to invest in riskier higher yielding securities in order to meet the dividend requirements of their shareholders.    We also believe that this change will grant borrowers greater financing alternatives at a reduced cost, and will benefit shareholders with more conservative and more diversified portfolios. Further, this change will enable BDCs to lend to a broader portion of the already underserved middle-market.    This proposed change would apply to BDCs the same leverage ratio as small business investment companies, but unlike SBICs, without putting any government capital at risk. Further, given that the House Small Business Committee just last week passed bipartisan legislation increasing the size of the SBIC program, the proposed change certainly seems reasonable.    It is also extremely modest relative to typical bank leverage in our country of 10-to-1 and sometimes greater. Under the current asset coverage test, most BDCs operate at leverage significantly less than allowed. And any prudent manager would likely continue this practice if the asset coverage ratio were to change.    Second, the proposed bill would allow BDCs to issue multiple classes of preferred stock, and solely for qualified institutional buyers, eliminate the requirement that holders of preferred stock have board representation. Had BDCs been able to raise capital during the post-2008 period by issuing preferred stock, many more loans could have been made to cash-starved companies to enable them to retain employees, and in some instances to remain in business.    Third, the proposed bill directs the SEC to make specific technical amendments to certain securities offering rules that make raising capital cumbersome and inefficient. And these rule changes are not controversial and would merely place BDCs on equal footing with non-BDCs.    Fourth, the proposed bill would allow BDCs to own registered investment advisers, which is a technical matter that is currently prohibited under the 1940 Act. Investments in IRAs enable money to be raised from third-party investors, which in turn could be deployed to small and medium-sized companies.    And fifth, the proposed bill would offer increased flexibility for BDCs to invest in a subset of entities currently limited by the 30 percent basket. Importantly, this provision would not allow the amount of the incremental increase in the 30 percent basket to be invested in private equity funds, hedge funds, or CLOs.    So in closing, I am very encouraged by the bipartisan focus on this very important initiative. And I look forward to working with Representative Mulvaney and Representatives Garrett and Maloney and the rest of the committee in moving these bills forward.    I would also like to applaud the committee's efforts to revisit the definition of accredited investor, which, like the BDC regulatory framework that we are discussing today, could indeed benefit from modernization.    And lastly, as a procedural matter, Mr. Chairman, if I could, I would like to introduce a letter into the record from one of our portfolio companies that was referenced in my written testimony.    Mr. Arougheti. Thank you.    Mr. Arougheti. Yes. I think we talked about this proposed legislation relative to prior attempts to increase the asset coverage ratio, I think the combination of a form of shareholder vote and a ``cooling-off period'' provides the adequate shareholder protection.    So as this bill contemplates, the independent board of directors would make a determination that they would like to access the increased asset coverage ratio. And then under the securities regulations, an 8-K would need to be filed publicly to make public notice of the intention.    And then obviously the shareholders will have 12 months of a cooling-off period to effectively vote with their feet. So even in the event that there wasn't a shareholder vote--    Mr. Arougheti. --it would give people free time to determine whether or not they wanted to stay within that investment.    Mr. Arougheti. I think, as Mr. Gerber said in his testimony, it is not abundantly clear that every company will actually take advantage of the incremental asset coverage ratio.    I think one of the wonderful things about the BDC industry is that it services all types of companies from venture finance companies all the way through two larger middle-market companies. And even on this panel you have companies who focus on the lower middle-market with more equity orientation through to folks like ourselves who focus more on larger market senior secured loans.    So what Ares would likely do would be to increase the scope of its lending activities, probably become more senior secured and therefore less risky in our investment positioning, and use the increment to leverage, back to Mr. Gerber's commentary, to drive the same, if not higher returns to our investors but taking less risk at the asset level.    Mr. Arougheti. Right. So, all of that capital should theoretically find its way to small business.    Maybe addressing at least for Ares the 30 percent basket as we use it has two concentrated positions in it today. One is called the senior secured loan program, which is a joint venture that we had with GE Capital that we used to actually make middle-market loans. And the second is in the form of a company that we call Ivy Hill Asset Management, which similarly is in the business of making middle-market loans.    So at least from the Ares strategic perspective, we have been using our ``30 percent basket'' to in fact make middle-market loans to small companies.    Mr. Arougheti. Yes. I think about this two ways, one just in the context of modernization.    And as we sit here today talking about legislation that was passed 35 years ago, while many things are still similar in terms of the capital void for middle-market companies, the structure of the financial markets has changed. And things like small ticket leasing, things like factoring, things like receivables financing, all exist today in a way that they didn't exist 30 years ago.    So as one example in our portfolio, we have a leasing company that makes office equipment leases to small business--    Mr. Arougheti. Yes, I would. I believe, and I think it is just common knowledge in the investment business that the introduction of leverage could amplify risk the same way it could amplify returns.    So I would be remiss to say that there is not the possibility that it could theoretically improve risk. But what I believe Mr. Brown also said is that the benefits, provided there is adequate disclosure, which this legislation provides for, far outweigh those potential risks.    One thing I think is worth highlighting is that the structure of the market already accommodates the leveraging of lower risk assets.    In fact, within the BDC industry, where we borrow from banks they give us a schedule of investments identifying how much they are willing to leverage our various investments. And from that list, starting with common equity all the way up through senior secured loans, what you will see is a market's unwillingness to leverage equity investments and a market's willingness to leverage senior secured loans well in excess of the proposed 2-to-1.    So, outside of the BDC construct, the idea of risk-based leverage is pretty well-established. And even within the BDC framework, the existing leverage facilities are already in place to accommodate that changing leverage requirement if the 1-to-1 overlay were widened.    Mr. Arougheti. Yes. I think that is exactly right. And again, one of the things that we have seen over the last decade is that BDCs have grown.    As I mentioned, there are various business models. There are certain BDCs who lend exclusively to venture-backed companies who may be pre-revenue or pre-cash flow. And those will attract a certain amount of de minimis leverage.    And then there are people like ourselves who would probably be moving into lower risk senior secured leverage and attract a different balance sheet profile. So I think that is one of the nice things about the bill.    Mr. Arougheti. Yes, I do. I think the growth in the BDC market has been significant, but not nearly enough to keep pace with the growing capital void. So I would hope that this legislation would in fact spur capital formation.    Mr. Arougheti. Yes. It is interesting because I think people have been focused appropriately on regulation and shareholder protection.    I will just reiterate some of the things that Mr. Gerber said in his testimony that as far as financial services models go, you can't get more transparent than a BDC.    We have a quarterly schedule of investments where we delineate every investment in the portfolio. If you juxtapose that with a bank balance sheet, as an example, it would be very difficult for anybody in this room to actually open up a public filing for a bank and figure out exactly what they own.    Now, they are under a completely different regulatory regime, so that is not to say that they are bad investments. But I think it is important that we always get re-grounded in the transparency and the regulatory framework under which we operate.    Vis-a-vis the increase in leverage, a very positive change in the new legislation being introduced is this idea of shareholder protection through a cooling-off period.    I personally believe that the investor community will welcome this change and it will actually create a significant amount of renewed interest in the BDC space from both retail and institutional investors.    But the idea of giving the retail investor the opportunity over a prolonged period of time to vote with their feet I think is a very innovative way to give them the adequate protection that certain people are trying to give them.    Mr. Arougheti. Sure. I will try to be brief. It looks like we are pressed for time. But I think it is important to put this in historical--I'm sorry, Mr. Chairman. Should I--?    Mr. Arougheti. To put it in a historical context, because the shift from banks to nonbanks, or what we would call parallel banks, has actually been occurring for about 25 years. And it started in the late 1980s with a big wave of bank consolidation in this country.    So I just think it is important that we clear the misperception that this is a post-Great Recession issue. This has been happening in this country for 25 or 30 years. I think it has accelerated post the Great Recession for a whole host of market-based and regulatory reasons. But I don't think there is any one issue.    I think something that has gotten some discussion is also just talent. I think a lot of the folks like ourselves who are classically trained within bank credit programs have frankly fled the banking industry and now reside in firms like BDCs. And I think that is part of it.    Mr. Arougheti. Sure. I think a real-life example, but just to understand why BDCs are so attractive as capital providers. We are permanent capital vehicles. So we have many of our portfolio companies who view us as their bank, their lender of choice. And we try to service them throughout their entire lifecycle.    So we have 250 portfolio companies, a number of whom we have been lending to for 10-plus years in a whole variety of different ways. It all comes down to scale and product capability.    And the broader our product set, i.e., if we can service those same clients and customers with senior secured asset based loans that currently don't meet the economic requirements of the BDC, that will be a good thing for those underlying companies.    To the extent that the banks can provide some of that marginal credit, I think that is a good thing as well, because that just promotes more competition and more healthy cost of capital to the investors. But I think it is really about the increasing mandate that the asset coverage test would provide us.    Mr. Arougheti. Yes. I will answer.    We are not Dodd-Frank-regulated, so for us we are not focused on Dodd-Frank. As we have said numerous times, we are heavily regulated under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, and the 1940 Act. I think Representative Mulvaney has done a wonderful job putting forward legislation that would actually advance the industry.    Mr. Arougheti. It comes with a different set of regulations and a different set of opportunities. So as I highlighted earlier, if we were a bank and we were levered 10-to 15-to-1 and we took depositor money we would be subject to a separate set of regulations versus the 1940 Act closed-end fund who is taking retail and institutional investments.    So again, I, for better or worse haven't put myself in that theoretical construct. We are focused on the regulatory regime that we are subject to.    Mr. Arougheti. I will make a couple of comments.    Mr. Arougheti. And it harkens back to some of my earlier comments--    Mr. Arougheti. Yes. I think anybody here would struggle to actually get leverage on the types of investments that you are expressing concern over.    So first and foremost, the draft legislation, as I read it, excludes CLOs. And Representative Himes--    Mr. Arougheti. --mentioned CLOs. That is excluded.    However, Ares is actually one of the larger CLO managers in the broadly syndicated market. And getting leverage on a CLO equity investment is not possible in the market. So it goes back to some of the natural governors that exist in both the banking sector and the investment grade bond sector that regulate what can and can't be leveraged.    So if we put together a portfolio that was 50 percent CLO equity, even though it is excluded, but for arguments sake, if we did and we took that portfolio to the rating agencies and the bank, we would not have an investment grade rating and we would not be able to get a loan on it. So--    Mr. Arougheti. Yes. Market-based, bank and capital markets.    Mr. Arougheti. I think one additional comment which I don't think we have mentioned before is that by regulations, BDCs are actually required to provide managerial assistance to their portfolio companies, which is often overlooked, but also contributes to the strategic value that we add to middle-market companies.    So to put that in perspective, within Ares Capital Corporation we sit in on, or sit on the boards of directors of over half of our portfolio companies. So our portfolio companies look at us as their bank or their lender of choice. But I think they also look at us as a strategic adviser as they grow their business.