    Mr. Hagin. That we recommend adding?    Mr. Hagin. The bike rack that is shown in the photo you distributed is new since the fence jumping incident.    Mr. Hagin. The Gonzalez incident.    Mr. Hagin. We have not investigated just recently what, if anything, the----    Mr. Hagin. We are--no. We have clearly recommended that a permanent solution be designed and adopted as quickly as possible.    Mr. Hagin. It is the fence in the background of the photo.    Mr. Hagin. It is not the fence in the foreground.    Mr. Hagin. They were able to scale the fence that is in the background of the photo. The bike rack--what they call bike rack----    Mr. Hagin . In the foreground was not there at that time.    Mr. Hagin. We feel that they should continue to modernize technology.    Mr. Hagin. Interoperability. Across the board, the systems need to be continually improved. I am being careful here because--without going into sensitive areas. But we believe that technology plays an integral part in this multilayer defense of the facility, and that it must be continually upgraded and receive a lot of additional focus.    Mr. Hagin. I was.    Mr. Hagin. There was a decision that all enforcement was leaving Treasury. So the question really was, at least in my involvement, was Justice Department, Homeland Security, where is the natural fit? When you look at the Department of Homeland Security, you have Coast Guard, who regularly, on a routine basis, supports the Secret Service quite a bit with aerial support and motorcades, other things like that. You have TSA, who has been supporting the Secret Service with magnetometers, especially during political campaigns when they are stretched very, very thin. There is a lot of support from sister agencies within DHS and that was looked at.    Mr. Hagin. Not to the extent that I think you see with Coast Guard and TSA.    Mr. Hagin. Again, the panel didn't look into that question.    Mr. Hagin. My sense is that the Service has, the cooperation has been enhanced by being within the same agency.    Mr. Hagin. If I could say one more thing, I think one interesting piece on Treasury was that--being an older guy, I remember well a lot of the discussion back in those days from within the Service about, gosh, Treasury officials, Wall Street guys, finance guys, they really don't understand the enforcement mission well.    So over time, you have had complaints about, you know, wherever they are, people are going to think it is better somewhere else. And I believe it is correct to say that at that point, the Director of the Secret Service reported to either an Assistant Secretary or an Undersecretary of Treasury. And when the change was made, there was an, it was clear that the Director of the Secret Service would report directly to the Secretary of Homeland Security. So I think we addressed it properly in the report.    Mr. Hagin. When a new agent comes out of Beltsville out of basic training, they are assigned to a field office for 4 to 5 years. During that assignment, they have, you know, various investigative roles, but they are also serving as manpower for protective stops. So if the President, the Vice President, and any of the protectees come into your region, you are assigned from your investigative role to be part of the manpower squad, which is how they start to become familiar with protective operations.    Mr. Hagin. Well, they develop law enforcement skills. They develop the--you know, the sense of when someone is lying, when someone is to be----    Mr. Hagin. I believe in the previous hiring practices over the last few years that that is not the case. They were hiring off of USA Jobs and----    Mr. Hagin. And having someone who has the experience at changing an organization and being able to aggressively drive the changes that are needed here to, you know, both the use of technology, the management of technology, the human resource and budget issues really need a change agent.    There are a lot of really great people in the Secret Service. And I think that we met and talked with quite a few people who we feel that with, you know, some further experience and education in terms of management training could be great directors of the Service going forward. But at this point in their history, they need somebody who can aggressively drive change, and our view was that that person best come from the outside.    Mr. Hagin. To be fair, the Service does employ experts in human resources, technology, and others areas. They do not ever occupy the senior-most spot. And when you are trying to again, drive change, it is hard when the top guy--top person holding that responsibility is not the expert.