    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank the members or the witnesses for being here today.    I would like to follow up a little bit more on the currency manipulation question. The other three members or the witnesses of the panel, they did not get to answer the question, so Mr. Stanek, would you support something, a provision in the TPP on currency manipulation, or do you believe it is not something that needs to be addressed in the agreement?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Messinger?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Bieron?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. It is interesting because I was talking to the president of one of the larger banks in the country, in fact, one that clears a lot of international transactions, and I asked him this question because I was leaning towards making sure there was something in the TPA and TPP to protect against currency manipulation. He said, ``You know what? It goes on all the time. We do it ourselves.'' So how are you going to keep currency manipulation from the Chinese and whoever against our own currency manipulation? I think it is a valid point and it points out the fact that this goes back and forth. I am not sure how you enforce that. Again, it gets back to Mr. Brightbill's point. So I appreciate the comments.    With regards to intellectual property, to me, this is a really important thing, especially for all the small businesses because that is where a lot of innovation is driven from, the small business people. They come up with the ideas and they are the entrepreneurs that come up and have an idea and they develop a business around it and off they go. Do you see protections being developed in the TPA that would be something you support or is it not an extensive enough bill or authority at this point? What is your thoughts so far?    Mr. Bieron? And just go down the line.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Messinger?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. But you believe it needs to be a part of the agreement?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Stanek?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Brightbill?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. How do you enforce that?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. How do you enforce patent infringement, intellectual rights?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Kind of interesting whenever the Chinese are over here swapping, trying to steal all of our intellectual secrets from a lot of our big manufacturers and we are worried about this. It is kind of ironic.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Huge, huge problem. And I think the chairman needs to be congratulated on this because we have had a hearing on this before, so I thank him for this emphasis.    Mr. Bieron, you talked about raising a threshold for minimum taxes on exports. Can you elaborate just a little bit? I have got about 30 seconds left and I have got one more question to ask before we get done.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Okay. Very good.    Very quickly, Ex-Im is a really big talking point around here. I think it is an important part of any export discussion. Do you support reauthorization or not, Mr. Bieron?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Okay. Mr. Messinger?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Stanek?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you. And I thank the chairman. I think this is the second hearing we have had a group of small business people who have indicated unanimously either support for or a neutral position on Ex-Im. I think it is important to note that, Mr. Chairman, that Ex-Im is a really, really big part of supporting small business in this country, and with that, I yield back.