    Mr. Hardy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Secretary Jewell, for being here today.    You stated earlier, that the Bureau of Reclamation doubled its water volume down from the Navajo Dam to dilute the toxic plume, is that correct?    Mr. Hardy. Adversely modifying the critical habitat of an endangered species is a violation of the ESA. Can you confirm no contaminated sediments were deposited on the river bed, or that the water quality in the area of the critical habitat for the Navajo's San Juan River was adversely modified, or all the plumes from that spill or that critical habitat of these endangered species will not be adversely affected by the toxic sediments deposited upstream?    Mr. Hardy. OK. I guess the question is--do you know what the future is? Are there other contaminated materials left up there? Have we done that study?    Mr. Hardy. OK, lots of questions, short amount of time.    Secretary Jewell, Administrator McCarthy testified at the previous hearing that the EPA did not consult on the actions that led to the Gold King Mine blowout. The FWS, after being asked multiple times by the committee, confirmed that EPA had never requested consultation on the actions that they planned to take on the Gold King Mine. Clearly, those actions reached the bar at its lowest level, I think, which triggers a requirement of consultation with the ESA. In fact, these effects of the EPA's actions were so significant that your Department attempted to offset them by releasing hundreds of millions of gallons from the Navajo Dam.    Are you going to go in and hold the EPA responsible for not following the actions they are supposed to follow through with engagement with others?    Mr. Hardy. So how do you feel? Do you feel this is acceptable, the way they handled that?    Mr. Hardy. Really? With that question, then, it leads me to ask--we asked the Director, how many mining engineers they have on staff. With her answer, we found we have more on this committee than we do with the EPA.    How many mining engineers, or geological engineers, soils engineers, hydrological engineers, all the other types of engineers, do you have on your staff?    Mr. Hardy. OK, let's ask the question. A mining engineer--we are dealing with mines.    Mr. Hardy. OK. We are going to take another step here. So, with the Bureau of Reclamation being involved in this, why was there no consultation from the EPA with you folks, where you have the expertise? Shouldn't it come down that avenue of discussing?    Because, as a contractor myself in the past, this is one thing you keep talking about--you hired somebody with specialized knowledge of what to do. Where was their bond, and where was their insurance that is required by all Federal agencies? Why are we, the taxpayers, dealing with this, and why isn't the person we hired to be an expert paying the price?    Mr. Hardy. Federal contracts, I think most of them are dealt the same way. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Lujan, we appreciate you being with us here today. Before we go into another round of questions, do you have a statement you would like to make?