    Mr. McNerney. I thank the chairman. We are a long way from New Jersey. But we have had three high-profile failures in California over the last several years, so my first question, Administrator Dominguez, is do you feel that the states should have the option of requiring measures like shut-off valves, pressure monitors, testing of down-hole devices, if the federal regulators fail to do so?    Mr. McNerney. So your requirements should be seen as floors, not ceilings?    Mr. McNerney. Thank you. Will the draft legislation help PHMSA prevent these and other failures, so the legislation that we are talking about, or are there holes in the legislation that you think need to be filled in?    Mr. McNerney. Well, I mean the current legislation we are talking about today----    Mr. McNerney. Are there things that you think should be added or subtracted from that that you would like to discuss?    Mr. McNerney. So you don't want to advise us here today?    Mr. McNerney. Thank you. Let us talk about smart pigs versus direct assessment. My understanding is that if smart pigs could have been used in one of the high-profile failures in California, it would have prevented that, but they weren't able to be used because the pipelines were so old. Is that a common problem that smart pigs can't be used throughout the country because of aging pipelines?    Mr. McNerney. Is there any technology on the horizon that will improve that capability?    Mr. McNerney. Well, let us talk about substandard steel. Is this is an on-going problem or has that been resolved and new pipelines that go into use are up to standard steel?    Mr. McNerney. Do you believe that the industry consensus standards often reflect the best practices or do they reflect something a little less capable than the best practices?    Mr. McNerney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I haven't run out of questions, but I have run out of time.    Mr. McNerney. Well, I thank the chairman. I thank the panelists for coming in here today.    I am going to start with you, Mr. Weimer. Do you believe that there is adequate representation across all interested parties on the advisory committees at PHMSA?    Mr. McNerney. Yes. The advisory committees are made up of the three groups, regulators, the public, and the industry. And I think the way it is designed it is pretty well, the slots don't always get filled in a timely manner. Like at our last Technical Committee meeting when we were talking about the liquids rule, there were still two public slots that were open, so it would be nice before major rules are considered if all the slots are filled.    Mr. McNerney. How about the actual staff of PHMSA? Is there adequate staffing or is there an urgent need to fill more positions?    Mr. McNerney. Well, in your testimony you mentioned something about cost benefit analysis. Could you expand on that discussion a little bit, please?    Mr. McNerney. Would industry object if the cost benefit requirements were eased?    Mr. McNerney. Mr. Santa?    Mr. McNerney. Mr. Black, you said that you felt Congress should pass the law pretty much as it is now in the discussion draft form. At least that is what I understood.    Mr. McNerney. So mandates. Because I was going to say Administrator Dominguez, her one recommendation to me was that they should have additional authority to react to critical situations. Would you agree with that or not?    Mr. McNerney. There is no doubt in my mind that you all and industry want to prevent incidents. There is no doubt in my mind about it and that you will take steps to do that, but I have a feeling that if it is left to industry, it will tend to be optimistic and you need a little oversight to make sure the optimism doesn't cause problems.    Mr. McNerney. And not only that, creating rules that--high standards that cause industry to have safety standards that prevent incidents.    What is the typical industry response to an advisory bulletin by PHMSA, Mr. Black?    Mr. McNerney. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.