    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and you are doing a great job this morning. Thank you all for being here and helping us understand the implications of this very important issue.    Let me take the brief time I have to ask a couple of questions real quickly. First of all to Mr. Weber and Mr. Smith, you have talked about the cost of COOL and the implications that it has had on our industries. Since its enactment, can you point to anything of benefit, increased sales, any kinds of an upside to this at all? I am trying to understand if there is a flipside to this as well.    Mr. Newhouse. Mr. Weber, any thoughts?    Mr. Newhouse. Okay, thank you. Mr. Wenk and Ms. Dempsey, can you tell me if the potential retaliation is having any impact on our industries already, just the existence of the potential?    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes, right.    Ms. Dempsey.--to purchase, they are going to make that purchase. And so this looming threat of retaliation, which we believe will be very substantial given the disruption in Canadian and Mexican trade in this area, will have, and will have not an effect just on that one sale, but could, as we saw in the Mexico trucking case, it could affect sales to those customers for years to come because once you lose that customer, you are not going to get them back very quickly again.    Mr. Newhouse. Right. Well, thank you very much.    And, Mr. Chairman, I have gone over. Thank you for your indulgence.    The Chairman. Thank you very much.    I will now recognize the gentlewoman from Missouri, or perhaps for the benefit of the other \1/2\ of the population of that great state, perhaps I should say Missouri, Mrs. Hartzler.    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just one line of questioning perhaps we haven't explored yet.    Certainly, we have talked about some of the negative impacts of retaliation, but are there other consequences of the U.S. being out of compliance with its trade obligations? And being out of compliance with WTO obligations, what does that do to the development of other opportunities perhaps in the marketplace internationally?    Mr. Wenk.--add to what Ms. Dempsey said. We helped write the rules of the World Trade Organization, so we ignore those rules at our own peril. And it just doesn't make sense for us to ask other countries to follow the rules and that we don't have to follow those rules. And, there are many instances where we have brought cases against other countries for discriminatory practices they have brought against us, and most recently India, we brought a case against India in the WTO in terms of agriculture products. So if we expect other countries to abide by these rules, we need to do the same.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes.    Mr. Newhouse. Okay.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes. I appreciate all your testimonies today.    And again, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mrs. Hartzler.