    Mr. Lieu. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I have a question for Mr. King.    A number of times this morning you have said that you believe Mr. Harris engaged in a hobby rather than a business venture. When I think of a hobby, I think of someone collecting stamps or building model airplanes or maybe gardening. I am not aware of any hobby known as installing home theaters in other people's homes for a profit. Are you aware that in this case that there was a business card that said Harris Audio/Visual Innovation, which included a company logo and listed Danny A. Harris as owner and operator? Are you aware of that? Yes or no?    Mr. Lieu. And you had read it? Were you aware of that fact?    Mr. Lieu. All right. So you weren't aware ----    Mr. King.--findings.    Mr. Lieu. So you were not aware until now that he had a business card that listed him as owner/operator?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. All right. Second question ----    Mr. King.--is the general counsel reviews the investigative findings ----    Mr. Lieu. Are you aware that he paid two employees to do these installations in other people's homes?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. All right. Have ----    Mr. King.--and that received compensation ----    Mr. Lieu. All right.    Mr. King.--as part of that.    Mr. Lieu. Now having known this, do you still believe he engaged in a hobby rather than a business venture?    Mr. Lieu. Just a yes or no.    Mr. King.--determination of whether or not it was a hobby or a business venture was based on the recommendation from our Office of General Counsel that reviewed ----    Mr. Lieu. Let me just stop you there.    Mr. King.--the entirety of the file.    Mr. Lieu. Let me stop you there. Let me tell you how it works. And I know something about this because I was an active duty JAG in the military. I am still in the reserves. I am a military attorney. The way it works in government, attorneys give advice. You make the decision. Attorneys don't make the decision; you do. And in this case, I want to know your view, now knowing these facts, did he engage in a hobby or a business venture?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. All right. You were ----    Mr. King.--and two deputy secretaries that preceded me ----    Mr. Lieu. Let me tell you how it works. You are not a rubber stamp for you attorney. That is not how it works. And if you think that is how it works, then you need to reevaluate.    So let me shift to another line of questioning based on what Chair Chaffetz had mentioned about violating a law, a rule, or regulation. Outside this bubble of Washington, D.C., the rest of America would view what Mr. Harris did as violating a law, rule, or regulation. For you to not find that was simply an error. It was a mistake because your job is not to protect Mr. Harris. It is to send a proper tone, standards of conduct, and leadership for your agency. And you have now sent the message that you can operate a business venture, not report that on your ethics forms, not report the income on your tax filings, and that does not violate a law, rule, or regulation. That is simply ridiculous. And you cannot use a shield of relying on some recommendation of an attorney. It is your decision. It is your job to make the correct decision. You made the wrong one.    I now have questions of Mr. Harris. And, Mr. Harris, I am going to ask you something related to cybersecurity now. You had mentioned in your testimony this morning that you said cybersecurity is a critical component of what you do but it is not the only one. I want to know, do you believe cybersecurity is the most important aspect of your job, yes or no?    Mr. Lieu. Okay.    Mr. Lieu. All right. And do you have a chief security officer ----    Mr. Lieu. All right. Does that person report to you or to the Secretary?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. So some private sector companies have either reversed the order of having the chief information officer report to the security officer or had the chief security officer report directly to the Secretary. What do you think of those models?    Mr. Lieu. All right. So given the not-so-good ratings of the Department, you might want to look at those other models in terms of cybersecurity.    And then I have a sort of general question about the executive branch's approach on cybersecurity. It does seem to me that there is no centralized place. You have got different agencies doing their own thing. You have got the Department of Homeland Security that has some role in cybersecurity. You then have the Office of Management and Budget that has some role in cybersecurity. Then, you have got this White House cybersecurity czar. Don't you think it would be much better if we had one agency, one person responsible for cybersecurity across all the .gov network that can either take responsibility when things go right or wrong but also have the power to go make changes when things are not performing as they should be?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. Thank you. I yield back.