    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Campbell, thank you so much for your service and taking on the mission that you are taking on. And it is encouraging to see the positive that we don't often hear about.    I would agree with you wholeheartedly, I think it was a great move by Ghani to sign a BSA and the SOFA. That bodes well for all of us. And I think it was probably wise, from where I sit, for Ghani and Abdullah to come together as governance partners.    And so my question to you is, what are you seeing as far as that relationship between the two of them and its effect on any national unity in Afghanistan?    General Campbell. Sir, thanks. That is a great question.    I look at this every day and I do think that both President Ghani and Dr. Abdullah gave up some to make sure that they can continue to have Afghanistan as a nation continue to move forward. They both did that after a long period there.    As they work together and as I see both of them many times, both together and then separately, I think they complement each other as they work together. They both have great vision for where they want to take Afghanistan.    And, you know, it is--it really is a people around each of them I think that they have to continue to work through, and they have run into instances where they have had differences, but I think they work hard to make sure as they come out to the public that they have one voice as they move forward. That is not easy all the time, but I think they understand how important it is so they work toward that, both from a security perspective and then from an economic perspective.    But again, I think they complement each other and I am honored to have the opportunity to engage with both of them quite a few times every week.    Dr. Wenstrup. So, General, in that sense, is that carried over to the military in some ways, as far as unity and cohesion amongst the military and the morale within the military--the Afghan forces?    General Campbell. Sir, absolutely. As I said, he is--Dr. Ghani, President Ghani is a commander in chief. He said that up front. And so his interaction with all the security forces is completely different from where we were underneath President Karzai.    Their morale, you know, just--it has gone way up just knowing that they have somebody that cares for their welfare, that has visited them at training sites, that has visited their wounded in hospitals, that has talked to them about changing the authorities for corps commanders on what they can and can't do.    He has video teleconferences several times since I have been with him with the senior leadership. He has a National Security Council meeting every week that he brings in the senior leadership from the police and the army.    So again, I think they are thankful that they do have a commander in chief that has taken not only their own welfare but also their families' welfare, as he looks at different ways to help out wounded warriors, those kind of things. So it is quite good.    Dr. Wenstrup. And with that in mind, since they have not been in office very long, do you anticipate--you know, the question has come up a couple times about the deserters. Do you anticipate that that rate will slow down as a result, or hopefully, anyway?    General Campbell. Sir, what they are--how would I try to make that tie-in, and I think, you know, President Ghani, what he is trying to do is put leadership in that can make a difference. So he is taking a hard look at all of his generals. He has retired on order of about 60 general officers since he has been--as the President.    You know, they hadn't had any retirements in the last 4 or 5 years underneath President Karzai. So in the last 4 months or so they had--they have had about 60-plus.    So that is infusing new blood. He is looking hard at the people that he puts into those positions. You know, he is trying to interview every one of his general officers or the people that he promotes to be general officer. He is trying to put them based on their merit, you know, which is very good.    And I think leadership is going to change the attrition piece. You know, what happens on the attrition, I said part of it is combat casualties. That is only a small piece.    The desertion, if you take a hard look at why people desert--and they have instituted an attrition working group in the army that I have senior advisors that attend now. It went dormant for a while. We have instituted that back up to make sure we get after this issue.    But when you take a hard look at it, it is leadership. It is, for instance, having a soldier that is assigned to the 215th Corps in Helmand and he has been there for 4 years, so all he knows is combat after combat after combat. And they haven't been able to get on a cyclic, so they have sort of a red, amber, green, so they can go through and they can take leave, they can have training, and then they can fight.    And so they are just now starting to have that cyclic force generation process that gives them that ability. And once they get that into place I really do think you will see the desertion piece go way down.    Part of it is they are assigned to the 215th, you get down there, you see no future about being rotated to another corps and you are always going to be on it because their personnel management, how they do talent management is not right. They are moving toward that. If you are in the 215th down in Helmand but you live in Badakhshan, way up north, you know, it takes you days to get back there, or you may never get back there, and once you do get back there and you interact with your family and they are out in the fields trying to harvest, you know, you may go past what your 20 days of leave would be, and then you are considered a deserter, and then you don't want to come back, although many do.    So I think leadership is going to make the difference on the attrition piece, and I think President Ghani is a big part of that.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, those sound like logical things to address.    And if I may, Mr. Chairman, just one quick question.    You did mention wounded warriors. What percentage of the medical care being given in theater right now is coming from American personnel, would you estimate, as opposed to----    General Campbell. For the Afghans, sir?    Dr. Wenstrup. For the whole theater. You talk about, you know, the wounded warriors. Is it U.S. physicians, surgeons taking care of the wounded predominantly, or is the Afghan medical----    General Campbell. No, sir. You know, they have their own medical system. I have sat down with the Afghan army's surgeon general and talked to him on one occasion on how they can improve different areas of that, but no, they have regional hospitals.    We have some advisors at different places that are continuing to work through that, but they only come to a coalition facility, like at Bagram, if it is a very, very, you know, worst case that they can't handle, and that has been on very few instances since I have been there.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you very much, and----    General Campbell. Thank you, sir.    Dr. Wenstrup . We will have a chance to meet with you again in a classified setting, and appreciate it.    The Chairman. Ms. Tsongas.