    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I do wish to. Members of the Committee, the stated purpose of today's hearing is to determine whether there has been a misuse of mortgage settlement funds by the Administration for its so-called ``pet projects.'' In truth, however, this really is a hearing, a misguided hearing, a witch hunt, that has absolutely nothing to do with helping the millions of hardworking Americans who were swindled by unscrupulous and predatory mortgage lenders and mortgage services. Nor does it have anything to do with addressing the massive fraud committed by the securities industry that nearly led to the financial collapse of our Nation's economy.    Rather than focus on these critical issues, the majority has cited the so-called activist organizations and the Justice Department as the perpetrators worthy of this hearing. And who exactly are these entities? They are housing counseling programs administered at national, State, and local levels by service providers subject to a rigorous certification process by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. They include such organizations as the New York State Office for People with Developmental Disabilities, the Michigan State University Extension Service, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, and NeighborWorks America.    So let us take a look in depth at one of these organizations. NeighborWorks is chartered by Congress. Its board of directors, whose membership is determined by statute, consists of the heads of the financial regulatory agencies, who are presidential appointees subject to Senate confirmation. In fact, Congress in 2007 designated NeighborWorks America to administer the National Foreclosure Mitigation Counseling Program pursuant to which this organization has helped more than 1.725 million homeowners. That is almost 2 million homeowners.    If the majority really cared about the victims of the foreclosure crisis, we would be holding a hearing on either the mortgage crisis that still grips many parts of our Nation, or on how Congress could better assist those millions of Americans who still are at risk of losing their homes. Now, in stark contrast, when I was Chairman of this Committee, we held nine hearings and two field briefings examining the causes and impact of the foreclosure crisis as well as potential solutions. Over the course of those hearings, the Committee heard from a United States senator, various Members of the House, representatives from the Treasury Department, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, bankruptcy judges, nationally recognized economists, leading academics, victims of predatory mortgage lending, and many more voices.    Finally, I am particularly concerned that the majority has unfairly singled out the National Council of La Raza, which is the Nation's largest Hispanic civil rights and advocacy organization. The Chairman of this Committee and the Chairman of the Financial Services Committee in a letter to the Justice Department last November characterized La Raza as ``activist group that stands to benefit from the mortgage settlement agreements with Citicorp and the Bank of America.'' As detailed in a response from La Raza, which I ask unanimous consent to include in today's hearing record, there is absolutely no truth to this allegation.    Mr. Conyers. In fact, La Raza has not received a single penny from these settlements, and it did not proactively seek to be designated as a recipient of these funds. La Raza is not even named specifically in either of these settlement agreements as a designated recipient. And if it was to receive any monies under these agreements, La Raza has a firewall between its housing counseling activities and its advocacy activities, as well as accounting standards in place to ensure such a separation. This information was readily available had the majority simply reached out to La Raza to confirm its allegations before putting them in writing to the Justice Department.    Thank the witnesses for joining us here today, and, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Conyers. Yes. I would like to put our colleague, Hank Johnson's, statement in the record. And I ask unanimous consent to have his statement put into the record, please.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome, Mr. Graber. Would you please describe the fraudulent conduct of JPMorgan, Citigroup, Bank of America, that gave rise to settlement agreements? How does this conduct directly relate to the mortgage foreclosure crisis?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you. Now, do you recall what the total minimum requirement for donations to HUD-approved housing counseling agencies under the Bank of America and Citigroup settlements were?    Mr. Conyers. Okay, thanks. Now, have any of the settling banks donated any funds to third party groups under the terms of the agreements?    Mr. Conyers. Now, how rigorous is the approval process for HUD-approved housing counseling agencies? Discuss with us whether there are auditing requirements for these agencies and whether they may be terminated for failing to meet these standards.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you. What benefits do HUD-approved housing counselors and State-based legal aid organizations provide to assist consumers?    Mr. Conyers. Mr. Chairman, I have three additional questions I would ask him to respond to very briefly, please.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, sir. Does the Justice Department have any control or discretion regarding the distribution of funds to third party organizations?    Mr. Conyers. Let me quickly ask these two questions. Do any third party organizations have any influence or discretion regarding the use of funds donated through the settlement agreements?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you. And finally, please discuss the role of independent monitors in verifying that banks meet their consumer relief obligations.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your generosity with time.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I ask unanimous consent to place into the record the Congressional Research Service memo on the principles associated with monetary relief provided as part of financially related legal settlements.    Mr. Conyers. I welcome the witnesses, and I am delighted to ask the first question to Mr. White to comment if he can on some of the remarks of Mr. Larkin that we have noted here, that the donations under settlement agreements are rife with opportunities for political cronyism, that settlement agreements circumvent the constitutional process for appropriating taxpayer dollars, and a few others. But were you disturbed or in less than full agreement with some of those remarks, Mr. White? Professor White?    Mr. Conyers. Well, I was just going over some of our first witness', Mr. Larkin, comments that I wanted to see if you were bothered by any of them as I was.    Mr. Conyers. Are foreclosing banks, Professor White, usually represented by counsel? Can homeowners in a foreclosure generally afford counsel even?    Mr. Conyers. Mr. Larkin, could I ask you about the Justice Department testimony that it is the banks, not the Department, who choose how to allocate their settlement donations? Do you think that is an accurate evaluation?    Mr. Conyers. Okay, thank you, sir. One more question, Mr. Larkin. You state that NeighborWorks of America funds a network of left wing community organizers in the mold of ACORN. I am a little offended by that. Do you know that NeighborWorks is chartered by Congress?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you very much. Let me ask Professor White about the research consistently demonstrating that foreclosure prevention counseling produces better results for homeowners who are facing foreclosure or in it, and are 70 percent more likely to remain current after receiving a modification in the National Foreclosure Mitigation Counseling Program, who are 3 times more likely than non-counseled homeowners to receive a loan modification. Does that comport with your experience?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you so much. My time has expired. I thank you all.    Mr. Conyers. Would you yield? Thank you, sir. Mr. Frank, in your written testimony, sir, you describe the Justice Department as having unfettered power to structure settlements. Were the settling banks represented by counsel in those settlement negotiations? Were the banks under any coercion to settle as opposed to litigating? And could a Federal court award consumer relief provisions had these cases been litigated? What are your thoughts about that, sir?    Mr. Conyers. Yes.    Mr. Conyers. Let me ask you, did the Justice Department settlements with Citigroup of Bank of America involve, in your view, class action lawsuits in any fashion?    Mr. Conyers. Good. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back any time I may have.