    Ms. Brown. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Lawrence, and members of the subcommittees, I'm pleased to be here today to discuss our work on Federal and State efforts to combat fraud by SNAP recipients. My remarks are based on our 2014 report with updates on USDA actions on our recommendations.    We studied the efforts of 11 States to prevent recipient fraud and detect recipient trafficking. First on preventing recipient fraud, States are responsible for investigating possible intentional program violations such as whether applicants have made false or misleading statements in order to obtain benefits. All 11 selected States were using well-known tools either required or recommended by USDA for detecting fraud. States were operating fraud hotlines and comparing information provided by applicants with data from various sources to check for accuracy. Some States were performing additional checks such as paying private companies for data to confirm the income information provided by applicants.    However, most of these States reported difficulties in conducting fraud investigations in part due to steady or even reduced staffing levels at a time when the numbers of SNAP recipients had grown significantly. Further, the size, range of duties, and programs covered by the investigative units varied widely by State. We recommended that USDA explore ways that Federal financial incentives could better support cost-effective State fraud prevention efforts.    Regarding detecting recipient trafficking, concerns had been raised that recipients may be trafficking their benefits by exchanging them for cash or goods and services on e-commerce and social media sites. In response, USDA recommended States use certain free Web-based automated tools to help detect such trafficking. However, State officials reported problems with these tools, and upon testing them, we found them to be of limited use. In fact, we found that manually searching e-commerce Web sites produced more positive results than were detected by the automated tools. We recommended that USDA reassess its guidance.    We also reviewed USDA's guidance to States regarding recipients who requested multiple EBT card replacements. This can be but is not necessarily an indication of trafficking. We found that States had limited success detecting fraud using USDA's approach. Instead, using data we obtained from three States, we developed a more targeted and efficient approach. By combining data sources, we identified households that had requested multiple replacement cards and, at around the same time, had also made purchases considered to be potential signs of trafficking. This type of approach can help identify households at higher risk of trafficking for benefits. And we recommended that USDA revisit its guidance in this area.    Finally, we also studied USDA oversight of State antifraud activities. We reported that USDA had increased its oversight in recent years. It issued new regulations and guidance and commissioned studies on recipient fraud. Also, in fiscal year 2013 for the first time, the Department examined all 50 States' compliance with Federal requirements governing SNAP antifraud activities.    Despite these efforts, we found that USDA did not have consistent and reliable data on States' activities. Its reporting guidance lacked specificity, and States did not have a uniform understanding of what should be reported. As a result, USDA could not compare activities and performance across States. We recommended the Department take steps to enhance the consistency among State reports.    USDA officials agreed with all of our recommendations and are taking substantive steps in response. As you have just heard, they have made progress in studying improved anti-trafficking approaches, and they have redesigned the forms States used to report investigations. However, they have yet to finalize actions that would fully address all of our recommendations. Given the significant size of the program, the reality of constrained public resources, and the constant advances in technology, it's particularly important that USDA make every effort to make sure SNAP funds are used for their intended purposes.    This concludes my statement. I'm happy to answer any questions.    Ms. Brown. Well, the rates that we're hearing about with fraud I believe are the trafficking rates for retailers. That's the ----    Ms. Brown.--1 percent ----    Mr. Meadows.--those are 3 years old, aren't they?    Ms. Brown. Yes, there's--they--there've been--a number of questions have been raised about the estimate, but I don't want to underplay the fact that it's very difficult estimate to make.    Ms. Brown. In ----    Mr. Meadows.--is that correct?    Ms. Brown. In--yes, and it doesn't include what--we don't really know what the rate of trafficking or fraud is for the--on the recipient side. So ----    Ms. Brown. Well, the issue of people using their benefits in other States has been something that's come up many times both whether there were questions of fraud but also whether there are questions that recipients are applying for and receiving benefits from multiple States. And we do have and are looking right now at some data-sharing applications that would shed some light on whether they were actually receiving benefits from multiple States. And USDA has activity in that area, too.    I don't know of anything ----    Ms. Brown. I'm not sure if it's easy for GAO to do it. We ----