    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Meadows.    Now I would like to recognize my colleague from the great State of New Jersey, Mrs. Watson Coleman.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you.    And I would now like to recognize Mr. DeSantis from Florida for 5 minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, sir.    I would now like to recognize my colleague from Virginia, Mr. Connolly.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My mom always told me that you can always find the good in any situation, so let me try to start off with that.    DHS caught them, caught the problem, right? I think that is a good thing. When they were engaged, we found it. Wish it was a little bit sooner, but we caught the problem, so that is good.    I also got a letter from the Chief Information Officer of OPM. I am going to read a little bit.    ``Dear Mr. Hurd, I am writing to inform you that the U.S. Office of Personnel Management recently became aware of a cybersecurity incident affecting its systems and data, and you may have been exposed. You are receiving this notification because we have determined that the data compromised in this incident may have included your personal information, such as your name, Social Security number, date and place of birth, and current or former address.''    I know Ranking Member Cummings and Mr. Mica were talking about how could an adversary use this information. I spent 9 years as an undercover officer in the CIA. I think I have a little bit of idea and perspective on this.    If it was the Chinese, any Federal official traveling to China, former official, someone there is a subject of being targeted for elicitation of information about what is going on in the Federal Government.    If it was the Russians, all this information is going to be sold and then used against them to drain people's bank accounts, use this to create new access codes to get into private information.    If it was narcotraficantes in Mexico, which have the capability of doing cyber attacks, it is the home addresses of men and women in Border Patrol, people that are keeping us safe, right?    So the threat is huge. The impact is fantastic.    And one thing my dad always said was, ``It never hurts to say you're sorry.'' And further in this letter, it says, ``However, nothing in this letter should be construed as OPM or the U.S. Government accepting liability for any of the matters covered by this letter or for any other purpose.'' Later, it says, ``We regret this incident.'' ``I'm sorry'' actually goes a long way.    Now, I agree with what my colleague from Virginia had said about this long, committed attack by advanced, persistent threats. And my issue is actually not with how we responded to the threat, because I think the immediate technical steps that were taken were good things, right? And I believe all the folks involved in the mitigation of the immediate threat were doing some things that I think can be used in other places.    But what I have a problem with is everything before this. If you were in the private sector, the head of a publicly traded company, and Ernst & Young was doing your yearly audit, and you had at least 5 years of audit information saying that your digital infrastructure had some high risk to it and needed to be immediately fixed, the board of directors would be held accountable for criminal activity, multiple years.    I did this for a living. I would penetrate the networks of companies and identify the problems that they had. And a lot of times, if there was a high-risk issue, we would call the customer immediately and say, ``This has to be fixed right now,'' and the company and the customer would do that immediately. And so then, you know, we would issue our report, saying, ``Here was the high-risk report, but it was fixed.'' Because a company like Ernst & Young doing an audit would probably not even put this information into an audit report to go to the board, because it is, ``Guys, y'all gotta fix it.'' So my problem is that these high-risk issues that were identified by the IG haven't been addressed.    KeyPoint--and I guess my first question is to Ms. Ann Barron-DiCamillo.    Has US-CERT reviewed KeyPoint's network?    Mr. Hurd. Thank----    Mr. Hurd. When we hire contractors, are they subject to the same standards of network hygiene that U.S. Government networks are?    Mr. Hurd. And, Mr. Chairman, my last question.    In his opening remarks, Ranking Member Cummings read some of Director Archuleta's comments to the Senate committee. ``The adversary leveraged a compromised KeyPoint user credential to gain access to OPM's network.''    And then the written information that KeyPoint submitted said, ``We have seen no evidence of a connection between the incursion at KeyPoint and the OPM breach that is the subject of this hearing.''    Mr. Hess, feedback?    Mr. Hurd. So are you saying that Ms. Archuleta is lying?    Mr. Hurd. Thank you.    I yield back.