    Mr. Gallego. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Schoppmeyer, I apologize. Did I say that correctly?    Mr. Gallego. What is the feeling among some of our agents, at least how they are feeling especially with the kind of rhetoric that Cliven Bundy is putting out there--not the racist rhetoric but the anti-government, anti-environmental rhetoric that basically I believe puts a lot of our men and women in a very weird and awkward position when trying to enforce what we understand are our grazing laws?    Mr. Gallego. Thank you.    This question is for Mr. Larkin and Mr. Schoppmeyer.    I am glad that we are starting to focus on just the law enforcement questions regarding the agency, but I also agree that there are overall serious questions that must be answered. We are dealing with human lives as well as, I guess, animal lives too. But one of the things I think we are missing, is instead of talking about removing criminal penalties from a very effective conservation law and taking away firearms of those tasked to enforce the law, I want to talk about some of the weapons that are coming down.    More specifically, I want to talk about the 1033 Program that brings surplus heavy weaponry onto local and state law enforcements, as well as Federal land management agencies. Right now about 8,000 agencies currently get material through the 1033 Program from the Department of Defense, including the National Park Service. The program was brought to wide attention by the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson.    Since then, we have learned that the 1033 gear has been given to schools and colleges. We have also learned that some local law enforcement wants to return the equipment, but the Department of Defense will not take it back.    The program was originally intended to focus the materials on counter-narcotics operations, and it is not working. There is enough common ground that I think in this committee that we can dig into the over-militarization question in a very bipartisan way, and I hope we do, and I hope it does.    Mr. Larkin, you have written a lot about over-criminalization. Do you think the 1033 Program is only a problem for land management agencies, or are there problems with the program beyond that, and the whole concept of it?    Mr. Gallego. Say again. I am sorry.    Mr. Gallego. The latter. Thank you.    Mr. Gallego. Thank you.    Mr. Schoppmeyer, the same question to you.    Mr. Gallego. Thank you.    I yield back my time.