    Ms. Titus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First I would like to say to Mr. Leghorn, I appreciated your observation and comment that the education track should be a mandatory part of the program. Because even if our servicemen and women are not thinking about going directly on to college, they need to have that information so they know what their options are down the road. Because many times they may get out for a year or two and then want to come back. And that brings me to my question to Ms. Dunmyer, I recently met with the student veterans at UNLV. And they like to go out to Nellis or to Creech and recruit some folks to come to UNLV. But they tell me that they have a hard time getting onto the bases, getting in touch with these young people. And they wonder how, what they can do to make it better. Because they believe if these folks heard from fellow students maybe as part of the TAP program it would be less boring than sitting in the classroom, as you referenced, and have some relevant information. I just wonder is this a problem across campuses? Is it just UNLV? Is there something we can do to maybe facilitate that relationship earlier in the process?    Ms. Titus. Well I do not think they had a problem getting onto the base. I am talking about access to the TAP program and being a part of maybe that transition in a formal way before people get out of the service, and then kind of disappear before they come back to UNLV.    Ms. Titus. That is my point.    Ms. Titus. Is there something we could do too, or do you not think that would be a good idea?    Ms. Titus. I know that. I guess I was just looking for something a little more specific that we could be doing. But I, I appreciate the general sentiment and I share it. So maybe we will just go beyond students. We also have in Las Vegas gaming companies, like MGM and Harrah's, have very active job fairs for veterans. But that is, again, after the fact. They are not at the front end, they are not on the facilities, they are not talking to the soldiers so to speak before they become veterans. Tell me how we can make that better, anybody who would address. Give me something specific.    Ms. Titus. Maybe we need an inventory of what is happening in different places so we can come up with best practices and have some consistency across the board.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Titus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to ask you, Mr. Coy, a question about how you explain VBA benefits to separating servicemembers as part of the TAP program, especially benefits for same-sex couples. As you know, the Department of Defense recognizes marriage equality and provides marriage benefits to all families of active duty members of the armed services; unfortunately, due to an outdated law, the VA is unable to provide benefits to married couples in a few states that are home to a large number of veterans.    So that means that an active-duty member can have access to certain benefits on Monday and lose them on Tuesday as he or she separates from the armed services. Now, I don't think that is fair, but this committee last year voted to continue the injustice.    Now, you said that TAP is the front door to the VA, but apparently there is no welcome mat in front of that door for some of our veterans. So how do you explain to them that these are the benefits that they will or will not be getting when they go through the TAP program?    Ms. Titus. Thank you.    I yield back.