    Mr. Stanislaus. Good morning, Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, and members of the subcommittee.    I am Mathy Stanislaus, U.S. EPA Assistant Administrator for the Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response. And I and my staff have had the privilege of working the last 5 \1/2\ years to actually get it right in terms of putting a rule in place that is protective and address the risks that we have identified.    On December 19, as Members know, EPA finalized the coal ash rule. This rule established the first ever national rule for the safe disposal of coal combustion residuals in landfill and surface impoundments.    The 2008 catastrophic failure of the CCR impoundment at Tennessee Valley's Kingston facility, EPA's risk assessment, and the 157 cases in which CCR mismanagement has caused damage to human health and the environment clearly demonstrate that improper management of coal ash poses an unacceptable risk to human health and the environment.    We believe this groundbreaking rule is a culmination of extensive studies on the effects of coal ash on the environment and public health. The rule establishes technical requirements for landfills and surface impoundments under subtitle D of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act.    In developing this final rule, EPA carefully evaluated more than 450,000 comments, testimony from eight public hearings, supplemented by three separate public comments on data, which is the foundation of the rule. The rule is a strong, effective approach that provides critical protection to communities across the Nation by helping to protect our water, land, and air.    The rule protects groundwater by requiring utilities to conduct groundwater monitoring, immediately cleaning up contaminated groundwater, closing unlined impoundments that are contaminating groundwater, and requiring the installation of liners for new surface impoundments and landfills.    It protects communities against catastrophic failure of impoundments by requiring specific design criteria, inspections and engineering testing, and to retrofit or close impoundments that fail testing. It protects communities from CCR dust by requiring an air control plan.    Further, the rule provides States and communities the information they need to fully engage in the rule's implementation. The rule requires utilities to post information on all aspects of its compliance with the rule on publicly available Web sites to help ensure States and the public have access to information to monitor utilities' compliance with the rule.    The rule has been designed to provide electric utilities and independent power producers generating coal ash with a practical approach for safe coal ash disposal and has established reasonable implementation timelines for this to occur.    We strongly recognize the important role that our State partners play in implementation and ensuring compliance with environmental regulations. EPA is committed to working closely with our State partners on rule implementation.    And as a major component of this rule, States can align their programs with the Federal rule by utilizing the solid waste management plan in process and submit revisions limited to incorporating the coal ash Federal requirements for EPA for approval.    The solid waste management plan can demonstrate how the State program has incorporated the rule's minimum criteria utilizing State permit or other processes and can highlight those areas where State regulations want to be more stringent or otherwise go beyond the Federal minimum criteria.    EPA will be working with the States to develop a template for a streamlined process for developing and approving a solid waste management plan. Of course, the final rule does not preclude a State from adopting more stringent requirements, should it choose to do so.    I should note that States will have adequate time to develop the solid waste management plan and seek EPA's approval and conduct the necessary public process because the major elements of the rule is at least 18 months from today.    Further, the rule supports the sound beneficial use of coal ash. The final rule does not change the current Bevill exemption nor regulate coal ash that are beneficially used. The rule distinguishes between beneficial use and disposal to provide certainty to the regulated community and to users of coal ash.    We have separately established methodology for coal ash users to analyze their products, and we have, in fact, applied that methodology to demonstrate that in concrete and wallboard--that we have confirmed its continued use.    I will close by noting that we believe this is a tremendous milestone to protect communities and the environment in which we live and work, and EPA is committed to working with our State partners, local communities, and utilities on the implementation. And I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, what we have identified, utilizing the solid waste management planning program, is the States can build a permitting program and submit that to EPA to be approved.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is true. But once the solid waste management plan is approved, there will be a singular point of compliance.    So utilities can then implement through the State program, and we have made clear in the preamble that compliance will demonstrate compliance with the Federal----    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, clearly they are not required. But the States have clearly called on us to figure out ways of aligning the Federal requirements with the State program.    That is why we have established a solid waste management plan and program, so States can, in fact, integrate the minimum Federal requirements that we have established within their State program, and seek EPA's approval of that. And so that will establish the alignment from our perspective.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is correct. So we believe, again, utilizing the State solid waste management plan, the States can then go forward and implement these requirements once a State solid waste management plan is approved, or independently States and citizens can implement requirements of the rule.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, we actually believe, again, that the State solid waste management plan, when approved, will not result in excessive litigation. There will be litigation to enforce in those circumstances where States and others are deemed not to be compliant.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, the rule is directly applicable to utilities. But, again, getting back to State solid waste management plan, there is an opportunity for the States, as the States have sought, to align and integrate the Federal minimum requirements into their program and seek EPA's approval for that.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, actually, we don't anticipate that. The rule is pretty specific in establishing minimum Federal requirements for protection of groundwater, for preventing catastrophic failure, for addressing dust.    And so if you move forward in implementing that and the States can integrate that within their State program and EPA approves the State solid waste management plan, we think that there is going to be national consistency.    Mr. Stanislaus. So I just want to clarify. So if a State adopts more stringent--adds to the Federal requirement----    Mr. Stanislaus . Then gets an approval from EPA through a State solid waste management plan, the utilities will then have to comply with fully the State requirements.    And so that will demonstrate compliance with the Federal requirements and, also, additional requirement that the State chooses to add.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, that is correct. So they are going to have do an analysis with respect to those location requirements and demonstrate whether they can safely operate and putting engineering measures to prevent any impacts.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is correct.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, this is standard protocol to make sure that we fully understand the direction and potential impact to groundwater.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is correct.    Mr. Stanislaus. So let me break it down into a couple of subcomponents. So we have integrated the same standard framework as a Superfund cleanup. So we begin with protecting groundwater in all cases.    However, in selecting the cleanup remedy, you can look at the particular circumstance that is involved in the cleanup. So, in the same way that we provide all those on-the-ground factors, that can be brought to bear in these decisions.    With respect to an approval of a cleanup plan, again, in the EPA's approval of a solid waste management plan, the States can choose to enable the State's approval of the cleanup plan. So I think there is that ability for States to do that.    Mr. Stanislaus. Let me get back to you on that.    Mr. Stanislaus. Sure.    Mr. Stanislaus. I believe the rule is very strong and very protective of the risks that we have identified.    Mr. Stanislaus. No. We don't believe that there are gaps. We believe all the risks and all the information contained in the reg can be put in place, all of the rigorous technical standards to provide the necessary protections.    Mr. Stanislaus. We don't believe it will. We provided real clarity with respect to beneficial use, and that beneficial use is not subject to the rule.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, to be clear, we had proposed an approach under D and C, and we have made a decision under D. So the C proposal is no longer on the table. So like any other rule, in the future, we--you know, it will go through the same public notice and comment to evaluate future considerations.    However, I would note that we have strong confidence that, between the national criteria--strong national criteria and the utilization of the State solid waste management planning program and EPA's approval of that, that we believe, moving forward, that we will have the protections that are necessary to protect communities, and we are moving forward and working with the States on implementation.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, again, our focus right now--we have reviewed and evaluated data and comments by all stakeholders, and we believe we have put in place a rigorous rule to offer the protection to communities around the country.    So we are moving forward in implementation, working with States, working with public stakeholders, working with utilities, to provide the protection. So we are not looking at further rulemaking at this moment.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, you know, like every other rule, you know, we will look at implementation of this rule and see what issues are unaddressed in the future.    Mr. Stanislaus. Not at the moment.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, we----    Mr. Stanislaus . Have identified the various risks associated with coal-ash mismanagement, and we put in place the technical requirements to be protective against those risks. And we have identified the various constituents in coal ash and the way that we should establish, for example, a liner and groundwater program to be protective.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well----    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, you know----    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, what I can say is, with respect to the rule, we think it provides the kind of certainty----    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes, I actually think that we provide tremendous certainty in the final rule and we explain in numerous situations.    For example, in beneficial use, I think we make very clear that beneficial use is not subject to the rule, that the existing Bevill protections continue to remain. And we think that, coupled with other actions that we have taken, will foster not only the stabilization but increased use of beneficial use.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well----    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, actually, in my opinion, I don't think we left the door wide open. I think we have been very clear, as between the two proposals that we had put for public comment, one is a C approach and the other a D approach. We went with the D approach.    The language that you are referring to then goes on to say that we didn't have full and complete information in a couple areas. One big area was how States would move forward with their programs.    We believe very strongly that the combination of a clear, consistent Federal set of criteria, coupled with the solid waste management planning program and EPA's approval of that, will provide comfort and certainty with respect to those issues. So we actually don't think that the door is open.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes. And we can----    Mr. Stanislaus. I will reaffirm my and EPA's commitment to continue to work with you and this committee on technical assistance.    But we also made clear in the preamble that we would not do anything without any--we think we have done a good job and have provided protections. But any future changes, like any rule, is going to be subject to a future process. You know, it would have to require another proposal, another notice and comment.    Mr. Stanislaus. No. Beneficial use is fully protected and not subject to the rule.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is correct.    Mr. Stanislaus. Sure. I mean, saved energy costs, reducing greenhouse gases, and reducing impacts to the environment, as well as the tremendous economic benefits of replacing virgin material with coal ash.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes, sure. What States would have to do is to integrate the Federal criteria into the State program.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, that is right. And so, from a utility compliance perspective, once that approval happens, the States would have to comply with a single set of information, have comfort that EPA has approved and made very clear in the preamble that if a utility follows a State program that is subject to EPA's approval, EPA will deem that compliance with the Federal criteria.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is correct.    Mr. Stanislaus. We do.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, I don't disagree with your overall view, that courts will provide substantial weight to the technical judgment of States and Federal Government. So, you know, precisely for the reasons that you raise is the reason why we are tying these minimum Federal requirements to an EPA approval of a State program, because we believe very strongly that the courts will look at that and provide substantial weight to the technical judgment of a combination of the States and EPA.    Mr. Stanislaus. How many tons? I don't have that number right----    Mr. Stanislaus. I don't off the top of my head. I believe about 30 percent, but I can get back to you on the actual numbers.    Mr. Stanislaus. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, you know, I think probably Tom Adams would probably be a better witness to ask that. But I think, clearly, when we have discussed with the reuse manufacturers, you know, providing the certainty that I think will be provided will be a first step into expanding the beneficial use of coal ash.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is right. That is right.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, I think we will begin immediately. So the rule takes effect in basically 6 months from publication, which should be in about a month or so.    So there are early obligations, like making sure you have a dust-control plan in place, make sure you begin the inspections. I think you will see some early improvement. A lot of these are things that were already done by some of the leading utilities anyway, so I think that is going to be more of a standardization around the country.    And then, as time progresses, roughly in about 18 months, some of the more structural issues would be addressed, those things that potentially contaminate groundwater, potentially have an impact on structural stability would be addressed.    Mr. Stanislaus. Oh, absolutely. And I think all the studies show that the more disclosure of data and compliance in a very deep and granular way, I think it is an incentive for compliance, and also it enables citizens adjacent to these facilities and the States to monitor compliance.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, I think that one of the reasons that we put in this public disclosure was to respond to citizens' requests of having detailed information. For example, groundwater data and how the groundwater data compares with whether it is or is not exceeding protector new standards. So I do think that it is going to add substantial value to compliance and oversight by citizens.    Mr. Stanislaus. We do. We do.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, you know, I really cannot answer that question today in a vacuum. What I can say is that, you know, we strongly believe the rule provides the protection as well as the certainty--protection for communities next to impoundments as well as certainty to the beneficial use market.    So, you know, I really can't provide an opinion as to what the effect of any legislation would be regarding certainty at this moment.    Mr. Stanislaus. Sure. So, clearly, we have set forth in the rule that inactive sites at an active power plant and active units at a power plant have the same exact risk. You know, this has coal ash, with all of its constituents of coal ash; it has water. And under those conditions, it poses the identical risk of structural failure and impacting communities, leaching into groundwater.    So we believe, because of those circumstances, that RCRA provides us the ability and authority and can mandate that kind of protection, because they are identical units but for it is not actively being used for disposing of coal ash.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes. Well, I don't have that estimate. I can get you that information. I believe it is contained in the preamble, but I can get you that information.    But just to be clear, you know, the final rule provides location requirements, but it does not begin with closure. It begins with examining all the location criteria--proximity to wetlands, proximity to groundwater aquifers. Then a utility will have to determine whether or not they are in compliance with that. Then they will have to determine, can they put in engineering solutions to provide those kind of protections. So it would not automatically trigger closure.    But I can get you that data.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes. I will look at that. I am not sure that is correct, but I will check that and get back to you.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, because we have gone out, we have visited numerous coal-ash impoundments around the country, we have reviewed information from utilities about the different dimensions of impoundments, because some are going to be more challenging to close than others--in other words, we do put in place in a very specific way those circumstances where they can enable themselves of extensions.    So we think the rule itself provides that ability to extend, when circumstance justifies that. And that would be coupled with, obviously, the utility disclosing those circumstances. But we believe, once you follow that, there will not be a violation of the Federal rule.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes. We don't believe there would be a basis for citizen suits in that circumstance.    Mr. Stanislaus. Sure. Thank you.    You know, so, even before the finalization of the rule, because of this issue of certainty and risk and the comments that we received from the beneficial-use industry, we first began by developing a methodology to evaluate the continued use of beneficial use. We used that methodology and applied it to encapsulated uses, and we confirmed that concrete and wallboard, the largest two uses of beneficial, can continue to move forward. So we believe that provided a significant certainty. And I know Tom Adams can speak for himself later on the panel.    Secondly, you know, we also heard that this cloud--some advocates have noted that the cloud of uncertainty of not finalizing the rule continues to create some uncertainty. And we believe our decision to go with the D proposal as opposed to the C proposal provides a second set of certainty. And, you know, so the C proposal is no longer on the table.    So we actually believe that we provided substantial certainty to the market. And I will let Tom talk more about that.    Mr. Stanislaus. So, you know, we have engaged particularly the beneficial users in the development of the methodology. So this is a methodology to be used by users, by manufacturers, or by States to confirm that a product that uses coal ash as opposed to a product that doesn't use coal ash are comparable, and so, therefore, it can be safely used to replace virgin products.    So, you know, we think that the methodology has been well-received in the marketplace and our application of the methodology to these specific uses like concrete and wallboard has been well-received.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is correct.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. OK. So if the State program does not operate in lieu of the Federal rule, then both sets of requirements are still enforceable, correct?    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, that is precisely because we have heard those comments during our public comment process about the possibility of precisely that. That is why we strongly believe that there is a vehicle to integrate the Federal requirements into a State program and have EPA approve that State program to have that alignment occur.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. OK.    So, for corrective action, the final rule requires that if a constituent of concern is detected above a statistically significant level that the groundwater protection standard must be set at either the maximum containment level or at the background concentration, whereas the proposed rule, like the municipal solid waste program, would have allowed the owner/operator to establish an alternative groundwater protection standard based on site-specific conditions.    So how does the EPA anticipate that this will impact ongoing corrective action at coal-ash disposal units in States that utilize risk-based decisionmaking?    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, we believe the risk-based decisionmaking that is core to a cleanup determination will continue. Now, what we have done in the rule is we brought the various factors that are used in the Superfund program to do exactly what you noted, to consider those site-specific factors.    So we always begin with protecting groundwater, protecting the highest use of groundwater. But then, when you go and look at the specific cleanup remedy that fits a particular situation, you evaluate the various technical factors in determining the cleanup that is most appropriate to achieve a cleanup that is protective.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. So that ability to establish an alternative groundwater protection standard based on site-specific conditions, that would still be there, in your view?    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes. So what a utility would do is then look at the various factors, no different than a Superfund cleanup, and establish the cleanup option that best fits. Now--so I will just leave it at that. Yes.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. OK.    Going down to closure, if the owner or operator puts forth a realistic closure plan and indicates that the facility needs more than the required amount of time to close in a safe and appropriate manner, technically, the plan doesn't meet the deadline.    Is the owner or operator out of compliance with the final rule in that case? And at what point is the owner/operator subject to lawsuit, when it puts out the plan with the longer closure date or when it actually doesn't meet the 5-year deadline?    So you have an owner/operator that says, it is going to take me longer than the rule allows to do it properly. What happens?    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes. We have received numerous comments precisely on that topic.    We believe the 5 years is adequate for many of the units, but there are going to be some units, because of their size, because of particular geology, that are going to require some additional time.    So, in the rule, we built in that opportunity if a utility can demonstrate that those conditions exist. And we articulate various timelines, so they can avail themselves of those additional timelines set forth in the rule.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. OK.    Mr. Chairman, so we can get to the second panel, I yield back, as well.    Mr. Stanislaus. I do.    Mr. Stanislaus. I am a chemical engineer, before I became a lawyer, so----    Mr. Stanislaus. That is right.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is right.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes. I am not sure we have done a specific demographic analysis. Clearly, the communities that are adjacent to these facilities could potentially be impacted by a catastrophic failure for contaminated drinking water.    Mr. Stanislaus. Sure. It begins with trying to prevent a catastrophic failure. And, as we know, the TVA incident occurred, essentially destroyed a community, caused about $1.3 billion of impact, you know. So it contains a rigorous set of requirements to prevent those kinds of things--regular inspections, structural evaluation, engineering evaluation. And based on that evaluation, impoundments will either have to enhance the structural stability or, if they cannot, they would have to close that facility.    With respect to preventing groundwater--it begins with putting in place a comprehensive program of groundwater monitoring and, if groundwater monitoring exceeds protective standards, immediately moving forward on cleaning up the groundwater. And in situations where an online impoundment exceeds the groundwater protection standards, then they would have to close.    So those are some of the elements. And, also, the other big issue is dust. We have heard from many communities about coal-ash dust. So we have put in place a comprehensive program to control coal-ash dust from migrating into communities.    Mr. Stanislaus. Sure. I mean, I can begin with kind of listening to and evaluating all the comments that we receive from everyone--you know, clearly, the communities impacted. But, clearly, we have to have an implementable rule. And so we looked at the pragmatic issues of how can it be implemented in a realistic way that considered the on-the-ground circumstance of size of the unit.    So we think it is a protective rule and a rule that is pragmatic and considers the on-the-ground construction issues.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is right. It is very much data-driven and scientific-driven and reflecting the comments we have heard from all stakeholders.    Mr. Stanislaus. Oh, sure. You know, we want to make sure that--again, the challenge of closure and the relative size of that and also kind of avoiding, you know, the billion-dollar consequence of these catastrophic failures. So all of that goes into our consideration.    Mr. Stanislaus. Ours is based purely on the U.S. information, so I don't know the answer to that question.