    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank the members of the panel. You have been helpful.    Let's drill down on that a little bit, though. Under the terms of the bill right now, H.R. 2187, a personal injury attorney with no other requirements would be able to self-certify as an accredited investor. Isn't that right, Mr. Quaadman?    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Mr. Lynch. Right. I totally agree.    And I think for the CPA side of this, someone who does your taxes once a year doesn't necessarily know what we are talking about in many cases--27 of these BDCs are private, they are non-traded. So they are rather opaque investments.    And I don't think the average tax attorney or personal injury attorney, excuse me, would necessarily be able to drill down and make a good determination whether or not that investment is right for themselves or for others.    The bill also says that as long as you hire a registered broker-dealer, that allows you to make that investment as well in a BDC that might not have the information public. Mr. Brown, does that create a problem?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. I want to ask you something else.    Professor Brown, as you are aware, Congress passed and the regulators have finalized the Volcker Rule to prohibit banks from using their taxpayer-backed deposits to make proprietary trades. The final rule accomplished this by requiring banks to divest from certain assets.    However, BDC funds were excluded from that definition. And for purposes of defining affiliation as well, BDCs were not considered to be affiliated with a bank so long as the bank's ownership of the fund was under 25 percent.    Recently, Goldman Sachs took a BDC public. They retained a 20 percent share in the company. Credit Suisse has also formed a BDC. I am not sure what their retention is. Should we be concerned now that even before the Volcker Rule is effective we are already tinkering with an asset class that may enable banks to reengage in proprietary trading?    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.