    Ms. Brownley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it. Thank you. And thank you, Ranking Member Carson, for allowing me to participate in this morning's hearing.    As the ranking member of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Health, I have been working for several years now to address problems in the VA's construction and leasing program. As we all know, changes in CBO's scoring have made it incredibly difficult for the VA Committee to authorize new facilities. This is not only frustrating to me as a Member of Congress, but it is having a very negative impact on veterans who are underserved.    This is not just about better access, but it is truly a clarion call for equitable access for all of our veterans. I have brought a list today that I would love to share with the committee of 24 leases still caught in limbo for fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2017. These are 24 communities in 15 different States all across the country where veterans are underserved and where veterans sorely need better access to health care and are not receiving it. I am frustrated that Congress has not yet resolved this issue that has dragged on for several years now, an issue I think is a moral imperative and unquestionably an equity issue.    I have introduced legislation to permanently fix this problem and to harmonize the VA leasing process with the GSA leasing process. This small procedure will make a big difference in the lives of veterans who are waiting for and rightfully deserve better access to care.    That brings me to my first question. Last year, the VA Committee held a hearing on my bill, the Build a Better VA Act. At the time, VA was not prepared to answer specific questions regarding the administration's position on the bill. My bill has been endorsed by several VSO's and the Commission on Care has identified this as an area that needs to be addressed by the VA.    So, Mr. Sullivan, has the VA now had time to review my bill, and does the VA support this approach? And if you don't, what is the VA's proposed long-term solution to addressing this ongoing problem that we have with authorizing the facilities?    Ms. Brownley. Terrific. That is very good news. Thank you for that.    Ms. Shea, I appreciate the work that GAO has done to ensure that the American taxpayers are getting a good value for their dollar. I share the views of my colleagues that cost effectiveness is an important tool for measuring value. However, I also believe that when it comes to veterans' health care timely access--timely access to high-quality care should be our absolute highest priority.    So, Ms. Shea, did the GAO analyze the length of time that it would take to build new VA healthcare facilities from the ground up versus the amount of time it would take to build out a leased facility?    Ms. Brownley. Thank you.    You know, I certainly think timeliness is--you know, is critically important in terms of--with the goal, the sole goal of quality health care and access to that health care for our veterans. So, you know, I understand some of the issues that have been discussed here, but I also believe that getting a leased facility to our veterans as quickly as we possibly can, assuming that it is cost effective, is critically, critically important.    And finally, Mr. Sullivan, from the perspective of the VA, can you just describe, again--I know you have already said some of this already, but what advantages does leasing have over construction? You have talked about flexibility and timeliness. And do you believe, still, that the option allows the delivery of health care to happen more swiftly?    Ms. Brownley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for allowing me to be here and allowing me to go over my time. I yield back.