    Mr. Coleman. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Bridenstine, Chairman Loudermilk, Ranking Members Bonamici and Beyer, and Members of the Subcommittee. My name is Brooke Coleman. I run something called the Advanced Biofuels Business Council.    The council represents worldwide leaders in the efforts to develop and commercialize next-generation advanced and cellulosic biofuels ranging from cellulosic ethanol made from switchgrass, which is an agricultural waste, to advanced biofuels made from sustainable energy crops, municipal solid waste, and algae. We are honored to be here today to help accurately assess the impacts of the federal Renewable Fuel Standard.    When I was thinking about my testimony today, it was quite clear that I would be giving a counter-perspective, and I want to give it. The RFS in my opinion is one of the most effective energy policies ever passed by Congress. Its notoriety stems not from its failures and unforeseen costs, as alleged, but instead its effectiveness in breaking the oil monopoly that leaves our economy and our environment at risk.    So if we're going to assess the RFS from a ten-year perspective, let's look a little bit back at what we--where we were ten years ago. We were in the middle of an MTBE crisis where the oil industry used a gasoline additive to avoid ethanol that polluted drinking water. The political deal in essence that happened on RFS1 was a way to facilitate getting MTBE out of gasoline and out of our families' drinking water, and it happened in less than a year because Congress sent a clear market signal that ethanol, a homegrown American renewable product, would replace MTBE in the marketplace.    A couple years later, Congress decided to pass a stronger RFS, and RFS2 passed in December 2007, built upon those successes and now supports more than 800,000 American jobs in 29 States, producing homegrown renewable fuels as an alternative to foreign oil.    This industry now displaces the foreign oil equivalent almost of Saudi Arabia and approximately Ecuador, and now we are innovating. I just returned from Nevada, Iowa, where DuPont just opened the largest cellulosic ethanol plant in the world. The plant will produce biofuel from corn silver, the unused part of the corn plant collected from local farms within 100 miles of the facility.    Quad County Syngenta was one of the first if not the first to produce commercial volumes of cellulosic biofuels. Their Cellerate technology produces cellulosic ethanol that is 129 percent better than gasoline on carbon emissions, reduces energy inputs, and increases the quality and quantity of production co-products like corn oil and cattle feed.    Abengoa and POET/DSM are deploying similar technologies using agricultural waste to make the lowest carbon, most innovative fuel in the world.    One more example, a member of mine, Fulcrum BioEnergy, just signed a $60 million deal with United Airlines to make intermediate biocrude and bioJet.    Unfortunately, the program's clear record of success is often lost in the cloud of misinformation kicked up by the oil industry and the so-called researchers, fellows, and experts funded by them. Just as the oil industry has been able to finance doubt about climate change, they are doing a heck of a job financing doubt about their primary competitor in biofuels.    I want to touch on a couple of these examples, and I hope that we can touch on some of the reports and positions that we have mentioned during Q&A. The first is this notion that we are in a free market. It has been mentioned--it was mentioned by the Chairman; it was mentioned by multiple experts up here today. This is not a free market. The oil markets are controlled at the top by OPEC. They are controlled here in the United States by vertically integrated, highly consolidated oil companies.    We need the RFS because we can't get shelf space. We have to sell to our primary competitors who want to see us fail in order to gain market access. The problem is we are experiencing what it is like to be in a market-controlled environment as we speak. We don't have low gasoline prices because we have efficiency, we don't have low gasoline prices because suddenly our economy is doing something different. We have low gasoline prices because OPEC made a decision one year ago to drive down the price of fuel to put the U.S. oil boom on its heels and to kill oil rig counts in this country.    So OPEC is killing the very thing that the oil industry says we don't--is the reason we don't need the RFS anymore. In essence, the RFS is a hedge against this market power and allows our industry to grow and innovate over time with an expectation of market. If you give us a true free market, we will give you the RFS.    Finally, with my last 25 seconds, I'd like to say one of the most incredible arguments made against us is the food price argument. I have compassion, of course, for franchise owners, but the problem is that corn prices today are lower than they were when President Bush signed this law in 2007. It is hard for me to believe that the RFS is increasing food costs when the primary reason that the restaurants claim while they pull in record profits over the last ten years, this year, is that corn prices are increasing when they're actually decreasing.    So one of the things I would like to do and have the opportunity to do as we move forward in Q&A is discuss some of these issues, and I look forward to that very much. But I'm confident that the facts will prevail on the RFS discussion, and I appreciate the opportunity to speak today.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Coleman. Sure. I'll go quickly. So we obviously don't agree with Dr. DeCicco, but I think it's important to understand who doesn't agree with him is EPA, the Department of Energy, U.S. Department of Agriculture, the national labs and Oak Ridge and Argonne National Laboratory, the California Air Resources Board, which is hardly pro-bio fuels.    What Dr. DeCicco does is he actually does something that's quite provocative in the carbon accounting world, so it may be different and might get your attention but it's not well supported. And it's called additionality. So he doesn't really--when you grow a plant, whether it's corn or switchgrass or whatever, it absorbs sunlight and CO<INF>2</INF> while it's growing, and that's one of the benefits of using bioenergy. Instead of having a solar panel to absorb the sunlight, you're transferring it into gasoline.    He wants to take that credit away under the assumption that the farmer would have done it anyway. And the problem with doing that is it removes the whole notion of supply chain emissions, and you can't account for it. So if you have a State--or you want to put solar panels on your roof and you have the government saying, oh, well, sorry, Ms. Bonamici, you would have done that anyway so we're not going to give you credit to do that, it's suspends reality with regard to carbon accounting. And that's why responsible regulatory agencies don't do it that way. It's an interesting academic exercise.    So I think we have to rely on the body of the evidence to support what's going on in this space, and biofuels are carbon reductive.    Mr. Coleman. Well, I appreciate the question. I spoke to this a little bit when I talked about the market. So we need policy because the market isn't free. And so when the policy is suspended or not enacted, we're in a tough situation because we don't know if the oil companies are going to buy our product. And if we don't know if the oil companies are going to buy our product, it's pretty hard to get financing to build those projects.    And so what happened in 2013 and what has happened for two years is a failure to finalize the rule has basically suspended investment in advanced biofuels. And we are confident that we can get back on track. The courts have actually required EPA to get the final rule out by November 30 of this year. The key, however, will be that EPA gets a good rule out and not just a timely rule out.    And so while we expect the timeliness problem to be fixed, EPA is also still proposing to have a waiver, a new waiver in there that would allow the program to be waived if the oil companies fail to distribute our fuel. And the whole purpose of the RFS is to force the oil companies to do it because they would not otherwise do it based on price because of the subsidies and the protections they have overseas that protect this industry.    And so if the RFS, to speak to your last question, were repealed, we would basically lose our place on the shelf if you will and would not have access to the consumer that would allow these financing mechanisms to go, and we would lose these projects overseas. DuPont, Enerchem, Abengoa, some of the companies that I mentioned, have all built their second plant overseas in places like China, Brazil, and France over the last six months. So we've already lost second plants. I think the goal now is to get the third, fourth, fifth plants back in the United States.    Mr. Coleman. I'm educated at Wesleyan University. I was educated in Northeastern School of Law. I run the Advanced Biofuels Business Council and represent the lowest carbon fuel companies in the world.    Mr. Coleman. Yes.    Mr. Coleman. Advanced Biofuels Business Council.    Mr. Coleman. Yes.    Mr. Coleman. No. So this is--I mean the way carbon accounting works and the way the Clean Air Act works or the way that any regulation works is pollute or pay. You're accountable for what you do, right? And if you grow a plant to use in bioenergy that absorbs carbon more or less, a little bit, not very much, you get credit for doing that. Whether----    Mr. Coleman. You are incorrect because the way that--the way agricultural markets work is you have demand--put it this way, agriculture they produce for price, okay? They don't say I'm going to grow this--I'm going to grow this corn for ethanol. They produce for price. And so you have--when you have regulations that are changing the behavior amongst farmers, you have--what you want in that industry is accountability for what you do, right? And so if you have acres where you want to do more corn this year and more wheat next year and your--that corn gets used for a certain product, that's the product you should be accountable for. That is it.    Mr. Coleman. Yes, so there--he--Mr. Drevna is talking about a different program when he talks about the low carbon fuel standard in California. That program drives the lowest carbon fuel. It does not have respect for State or country borders, and if you have a low carbon fuel, California was to show that there's a market for it. So Brazil is shipping sugar ethanol to the marketplace.    In terms of the RFS, again, so Brazilian ethanol does hit the advanced biofuel requirement. Ninety plus percent of the fuel used under this program, however, has been U.S.-produced. So the point of the RFS is to drive plant production and new industries in this country. We have 210 ethanol plants alone. We have another 60,000 jobs and hundreds of biodiesel plants in this country alone, and now we're getting that first wave of cellulosic plants that creates value-added agriculture. And so we're really seeing tremendous benefit inside the United States.    Mr. Coleman. Yes. I think I mentioned it. Yes, I know.    Mr. Coleman. Okay.    Mr. Coleman. Yeah, just a quick thought. When ethanol--when MTBE went in gasoline, we had a massive drinking water problem because MTBE was highly soluble in water, and it actually extended the plume into drinking water aquifers. When we replace MTBE with ethanol, we no longer had that problem, and----    Mr. Coleman. --and Mr. Drevna's view is that all of a sudden the underground storage tanks are fixed, our view is that it's a better biodegradable product.    Mr. Coleman. And then I'll yield on the second part.    Mr. Coleman. Mr. Weber, could I just add one quick comment     Mr. Coleman. --if he is attacking our industry? So I know     Mr. Coleman. No, no, no. Yes, yes, yes. But----    Mr. Coleman. --the record is open for two weeks. We would be happy to provide further information about this.    Mr. Coleman. Perhaps counter-argue.    Mr. Coleman. That's a question for----    Mr. Coleman. --myself?    Mr. Coleman. Yes, sure. The--well, if you repeal the RFS, you're taking away a value-added agriculture market for the agricultural community. And so I think the fundamental premise of the RFS is that we have enough corn and we have as many farms and as much agricultural product to do more than just one thing, and that's to feed animals, that we can make bioplastics out of them, we can make fuel, we can make a number of different things.    If you ask the agricultural community, they don't feel like they should be in a box of only producing food. And I think low corn prices today bear that out. And so what you would have is a situation where repealing the RFS would create more economic pain in the heartland, and that is not something that we want to see.    In terms of clarifying the jobs part of this, I represent the advanced biofuels industry, and I think what's at stake here, even though the debate that the oil industry tries to have this conversation around is about corn ethanol, what's at stake is the advanced biofuels part of the RFS.    And so if the thesis is that we're not going to lose corn ethanol by repealing the RFS, my feeling is isn't that what we're talking about? We're talking about innovation here.    Mr. Coleman. A couple of reasons. The first is, is that we have plenty of supply against demand, and so we've come back to a situation where after a couple years of drought, which drove corn prices up, we are now in a healthy corn market and even an oversupplied corn market where we have so much supply that it's driving prices down.    The second reason is, is if you look at the correlation analysis of corn prices and oil prices, you will see very, very strong correlation because oil is a primary input for agricultural commodity production, and also it is a huge driver in terms of futures trading, et cetera. So you see corn and oil matching together, and any time you have corn--oil prices coming down, you almost always have agricultural commodity prices coming down. And so with lower oil prices, you have lower corn prices.    Mr. Coleman. Yes. I mean oil is the primary driver, and I should note about the CBO report--and I believe that the doctor did not set the program confines--but it did not analyze the economic benefits of reducing petroleum dependence in that report, and that's a little bit like looking at the economic benefits of a jobs program and not looking at the economic benefits of jobs creation.    And so we have a problem with that report and we think that needs to be fixed. So I think if you look at the actual central point of the RFS, which is to reduce petroleum dependence, if we add that into the equation, the economic benefits of the RFS would be astounding.    Mr. Coleman. Yes. That's the industry I represent. And so, you know, I think I've made myself clear on this whole idea of a price-driven marketplace that we don't have. If you look at the history of ethanol use in this country, about 90 percent of the last ten years ethanol has been vastly cheaper than gasoline and the oil industry hasn't used more than it has been required by the government to use. If we had a price-driven marketplace, we would already have the things that we're talking about wanting now, consumer choice at the pump, an alternative to gasoline hedges against pump price spikes associated with petroleum, et cetera.    The second thing I would take issue with is this cost component of cellulosic. If you look at how much--we're at the end of the era of light sweet crude that just squirts out of the ground. We are at the deepwater, fracking, tight oil part of the evolution of crude oil that is infinitely more expensive than light sweet crude. And if you look at the costs of cellulosic biofuel versus the marginal oil gallon such as the money that was spent in the Bakken, we are cost-competitive with those oil plays.    And so what we need to drive competition in the marketplace is access to the marketplace that we are not going to get unless we have either the RFS or we break up the oil companies, which I don't think is very politically popular.    Mr. Coleman. No, it's not and it's because we pay for it as taxpayers. And so this is part of the reason that this whole notion of let the market decide, which is probably the proper notion to have in 90 percent of the markets in this country, doesn't work for motor fuels. And so if the oil industry had to pay for getting itself through the Straits of Hormuz, the cost of gasoline would be much higher. But right now, the taxpayer pays for it.    And the oil industry also--and I will point out with regard to the Bakken and tight oil, one of the biggest lease-holders in the Bakken testified before Senate Finance in 2012 that the only reason that they were successful there is because of the tax subsidies that allowed them to keep their money and reinvest it.    And so when it comes to energy security, I think the government is properly engaged because it matters that we have enough energy to get to work and go to the grocery store, and we should--and the government should stay engaged. But this idea that the RFS is somehow distorting a free market is just not a serious allegation.    Mr. Coleman. Well, if you look at renewables writ large, so whether it's wind, solar, or any innovation product, you will find that revenues created by first gen get poured into innovation in second-generation. So first, the windmill companies that built the big windmills are the ones financing smaller windmills and distributed energy, same for solar, same for geothermal, et cetera, et cetera.    In our industry that is starkly clear. So if you look at the first movers in cellulosic ethanol, you will see Abengoa, you will see POET/DSM, you will see DuPont, you will see Quad County. Those are all first-gen corn ethanol companies who are taking revenue streams from the selling of corn ethanol, and because the RFS sends a clear signal to diversify feedstock and innovate, they are doing that.    And so a lot of this discussion about corn ethanol is really a distraction. The RFS stops requiring corn ethanol this year. It flatlines over time. It is a stalking horse for incumbents to come after the advanced biofuels industry, and that is the largest part of the RFS going forward, 90 plus percent of the RFS going forward. So if you repeal it or even change of law, which scares investors, we will be in a situation where we continue to build these next-generation plants overseas, and that would be a huge opportunity lost.