    Mr. Costello. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here at this hearing to provide your recommendations on how to best improve higher education opportunities for our newer generation of veterans. I will also share with you, in having read the written testimony from each of you, that it is very substantive and I think very helpful as a policymaker in terms of not only understanding what programs are provided, but how we can go about making them better.    And I want to specifically reference for those of you who do have the written testimony here today. My question is for Mr. Kelley, but I would certainly invite everyone else to weigh in. And it is on page 4 of your testimony, the first full paragraph where you say--and this relates to the transition assistance program:    ``However, the VFW remains concerned that many transitioning service members will not have access to a classroom-proctored discussion as part of TAP. As the VFW visits military installations, we continue to hear that small unit commanders remain reluctant to allow junior transitioning service members to participate in TAP. Even though TAP is now a commander's program, the VFW believes that some military commanders still fail to take TAP seriously. In our visits to transition sites, this is not as much of an issue for mid-career service members or retirees. However, it has a direct impact on the transition of first-term enlisted service members, who likely need the training the most.''    My question is more oriented towards asking you, any of you, to share your observations on how we can make the TAP program more effective, given what you have identified as, at least your concerns, and maybe the challenges on how to make it more effective.    Mr. Costello. Jumping two paragraphs below, that last sentence: ``. . . the VFW continues to advocate for consistently delivering transitional training throughout the military lifecycle and ensuring that veterans still have access to training and resources after leaving the military.''    So, specifically, what might you suggest in order to make the TAP program more effective? Is it making access to the program earlier in the servicemember's term of service, so at least they know what they are going to be getting out of TAP at a later point in time?    I mean, what I don't think any of us want to see is that you have this static program that you enter into for a moment of time and then that moment of time is up and that is your program, when it seems to me that the more it carries with the servicemember, the more effective it is going to be.