    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, I apologize for being late. We had weather delay, and that kept us sitting on the runway for a long time. But I am glad to be here, I am glad you are here with us today. Thank you for coming.    I want to talk about something that, at least on the subcommittees that I serve on, seems to be mentioned almost every day and that is cyber security, cyber threats. You mentioned the formation of a commission on an ANSII national cyber security. What are some of the goals you have for this commission and how will they interact with DHS, who has important efforts in the same arena?    Mr. Carter. And this commission is made up of both government people and private sector folks?    Mr. Carter. Well, I serve on this subcommittee, which almost everybody has a cyber issue in this subcommittee; chairman of Homeland Security, and we have a big cyber effort we have to deal with; and I am on defense, which, you know, it is cyber everywhere.    I sometimes wonder if we--and I don't mean this in any way a criticism of this commission-- but if we do not continue to just keep adding more and more people, little pieces out there, and we are not all working together on that. And I would hope that anything new created would be at least communicating, not in silos, but communicating with others so that we really have a united effort in this fight.    Mr. Carter. Well, you know, many of us--and I don't know how much time I have got--many of us are concerned about the increasing intrusions pose--continue to build on I think our data-driven economy. How would we reassure the American people by what the efforts that you are putting together that everything possible is done--being done to protect the data-driven economy? You can wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats thinking about what could happen if they brought down the American data-driven economy.    Mr. Carter. Thank you for your answers, I appreciate it. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Carter. That's all right. I will catch up after you. Go ahead.    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Secretary, you mentioned the good work that you are doing to spur innovation and technology. What steps are you taking to address the intellectual property theft perpetuated by foreign nations and specifically China?    Mr. Carter. Well, you know, I come from a world where actions have consequences. And it is great to get two heads of state to sit together and say, boy, this is really a bad deal, this should not be happening. But the next question is, what happens if it is happening and what are going to be the consequences to the thieves that are stealing the intellectual property? And I do not think we get to that level of addressing it. And you do not stop bad behavior without having consequences of bad behavior.    And I heard a story from a small, relatively small company about how they had grown to the point where they could utilize the Chinese market to build their product better, except that within 18 months the Chinese had stolen everything they had and basically were putting them out of business.    And, you know, you hear these stories all the time and you hear the stories from the big guys who say they are stealing our best ideas we have had recently. And having tried, at least had a few intellectual property cases filed in my court, amazingly enough, what you steal today becomes irrelevant eight months from now in some industries, because it is already old data or old information. And so the courtroom even does not reach the consequence area before everybody says it is not worth fighting over.    They are going over a line on this. We have to do something to get their attention or they are not going to stop.    Mr. Carter. And I understand that. I just hope that we not only do that as an example, but let the American public know it is an example and we are pointing the finger at people that are stealing.    Mr. Carter. And in the same scope of relationship, in your opinion, how big of a problem is currency manipulation and what steps are we doing to limit its impact on international trade for the country?    Mr. Carter. As you deal with industry, do you hear complaints about currency manipulation as making an unfair playing field for our products and services?    Mr. Carter. It is a much bigger deal.    Mr. Carter. I agree with that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.