    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and the ranking member, for holding this hearing. It's very important.    I would like to ask unanimous consent to enter into the record the GAO report to congressional requesters entitled, ``Federal Agencies: The Need to Address Aging Legacy Systems.'' We have been referring to that during our questions. I just wanted to get on the record.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I also have another report here that was generated with a bunch of folks, including the Department of Homeland Security, Intel, EMC, a whole bunch of people. And it is entitled, ``2016 Data Breach Investigations Report.''    Mr. Lynch. Thank you.    The trend that the data are indicating from these reports are that the time frame for breaches and infiltration is going down, so it is measured now in days or, in many cases, minutes, yet our time for detecting breaches and infiltrations and the detection of fraud and response is weeks and months. So the numbers are going against us. Time is not on our side, as some have said.    At a previous hearing, we had OPM up here. They did not even encrypt the Social Security numbers for 21.5 million Federal employees. So while I hear a lot of this positive talk, I am concerned about factually what is going on.    Mr. Powner, the GAO did a great report, by the way. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. But one of the GAO's key findings is, and I quote, ``While Federal agencies had specific plans to retire or modernize some of these legacy investments, most of those legacy investments did not have specific plans with time frames, with activities to be performed, or functions to be replaced or enhanced.'' Is that correct?    Mr. Lynch. So all this talk here is happy talk, and it worries me, especially as Mr. Lieu's line of questioning.    With respect to the Internal Revenue Service Individual Master File, GAO stated, and I quote, ``The agency has general plans to update the system, but there is no time frame established for this transition.'' Would you agree with that statement?    I want to ask you next, Mr. Milholland.    Mr. Lynch. Yes, that's not what I'm asking.    Mr. Powner.--Mr. Milholland started. I will say his tenure over 6 years, he has done a lot.    Mr. Lynch. I know.    Mr. Lynch. Yes, that is not what I want to hear, but as Mr. Mulvaney said, this problem didn't happen yesterday. You are not to blame for the existence of this problem, but we have to do better, a lot better.    So, Mr. Milholland, do you want to defend yourself? Go ahead.    Mr. Lynch. And thank you for your service, by the way.    We just have a problem here, and we have to fix it.    Mr. Lynch. So a little criticism ----    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. Okay, sounds good.    Let me ask you, the master file there, so is our health care information on that now with Obamacare, because you are the repository for our health care information. How are you protecting that? Is that in the same file?    Mr. Lynch. All right, let me jump to the GAO here.    The same GAO report found that HHS Medicare appeals system says, this is the report, ``Agency officials state that they do not have any plans to address the gaps that were found by GAO and that doing so was contingent on funding.''    So let's go right to Ms. Killoran on that one.    Mr. Lynch. Okay, my time is expired. Maybe we will do another round. Thank you.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have to say, it is a bipartisan frustration sometimes, especially with these data breaches. Everybody is getting hacked. All the agencies are getting hacked. It seems like the hackers have better access to the information than the Oversight Committee does. That is the frustration here, that the information is going out the door, and then there is some stonewalling going on. When this committee asks for information, it is not forthcoming. So that is some of what you are hearing.    I want to go back to Mr. Scott. I know you have a set of guidelines, a guidance, I guess you would call it, to these agencies on how to prioritize their responses to some of these high-risk legacy systems.    Are any of the agencies on that right now? Have any of the agencies actually adopted that guidance and are implementing it?    Mr. Lynch. Maybe you could drill down on that a little bit more. High value, is that the same as high risk? Because in the GAO report, it indicated there was a guidance to prioritize high-risk legacy systems. Now, that may not be high-value systems, but ones with greatest vulnerability, I guess.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. It indicated in this report that the Department of Transportation and USDA had started acting in compliance with this. I thought you might have some information regarding that.    Mr. Lynch. All right.    Mr. Lynch. Please.    Mr. Lynch. Yes, it makes sense, especially when you talk about the continuity problem that Mr. Cummings raised where, if Mr. Scott leaves at some point, we want the person coming in behind him to follow that same guidance and maintain those same priorities and get that job done, rather than somebody coming in with a whole new idea and taking us in a new direction.    So those are some of the problems we see coming down the pike.    But look, I appreciate your work, and I know you are all trying to do the right thing. We just need to do it faster.    Thank you. I yield back.