    Chairman Smith. The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing, which is called ``Astrobiology and the Search for Life beyond Earth in the Next Decade.''    Let me make a couple of announcements. One is an explanation and that is to say that we expect more Members shortly, but at least on the Republican side, all of our Members are in a Republican conference that I left early in order to start on time here, but other Members will be arriving shortly. And the same may be true of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle as well.    We have a new member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and I would like to introduce him. He is Darin LaHood, the first Member to my left, whose father I served with in Congress some years ago. Darin LaHood represents a district in Illinois. He's a former State Senator or serving as a State Senator when he was elected to Congress. Before that, he was both a State and Federal prosecutor. So we welcome his many talents to the Committee. He is going to be serving on two subcommittees, Research and Technology and Oversight, where he will be bringing all those legal skills to bear. And so we are pleased to have him join us today and permanently on this Committee. Welcome, Darin, to you.    Chairman Smith. I'm going to recognize myself for an opening statement and then I'll recognize the Ranking Member.    Edwin Hubble once said: ``Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.'' There are few greater adventures than the search for life beyond Earth.    When the Hubble Space Telescope was launched in 1990, planets around other stars had not yet been discovered. The only planets we knew were those that orbited our Sun. Since 1995, however, when the first extrasolar planet was detected, the rate of discovery of new exoplanets and external solar systems has been truly remarkable.    Today, with the Kepler Telescope, we have found nearly 2,000 confirmed planets that orbit around other stars in our galaxy. Of these, 306 lie within the habitable zone of the stars they orbit--where water could exist--and 14 are almost the size of the Earth.    Whether life exists beyond Earth, and if so, how humans can detect it, is a critical question. If definitive evidence of life is found, it may be the most significant scientific discovery in human history. The search for life in the universe is a priority of NASA and the U.S. scientific community. Seeking habitable planets is one of the three scientific objectives of the 2010 National Research Council Decadal Survey on astronomy and astrophysics.    The United States pioneered the field of astrobiology and continues to lead the world in this type of research. Since the space program began, NASA has explored the cosmos for life beyond Earth and has conducted scientific research that investigates this possibility.    NASA's astrobiology program continues these scientific endeavors to improve our understanding of biological, planetary, and cosmic phenomena. Just yesterday, NASA announced that it identified flowing briny water on Mars. This past April, NASA's Chief Scientist, Dr. Ellen Stofan, made global headlines with her prediction that ``we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade and definitive evidence within the next 20 to 30 years.'' And I am glad that Dr. Stofan has joined us today.    Within our solar system, the question of whether life exists or existed on Mars continues to capture the public imagination. In the past year, NASA's Curiosity Rover made several major scientific discoveries relevant to the search for life on Mars. Curiosity measured a spike in levels of the organic chemical methane in the local atmosphere of its research site. It also detected other organic molecules in drill samples in a mudstone that once sat at the bottom of a lake. And Jupiter's moon, Europa, shows strong evidence of an ocean of liquid water beneath its surface, which could host conditions favorable to some form of life.    NASA selected nine science instruments for a future mission to Europa. Two of them are from the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio and one from the University of Texas in Austin. These instruments will help scientists investigate the chemical makeup of Europa's potentially habitable environment.    Last July, astronomers, with the help of the Kepler Space Telescope, confirmed the discovery of Kepler 452-b, the first near-Earth-size planet in the ``habitable zone'' around a sun-like star. This discovery marks another milestone in the journey to find another ``Earth.''    The Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite, which will launch in 2017, and the James Webb Space Telescope, which will begin in 2018, will help scientists discover more planets with potential biosignatures in their atmospheres, such as evidence of oxygen and methane gas. Around the world a relatively small number of astronomers monitor radio and optical emissions throughout the universe. They try to filter out the cosmic noise and interference of satellites and spacecraft to find anomalies that could represent life.    The search for life beyond Earth also inspires a new generation of explorers. It motivates students to study math, science, engineering, and computer science. Just a few months ago, astronomers confirmed that Tom Wagg, a 15-year-old student, discovered exoplanet WASP-142b, which orbits a star approximately 1,000 light years away in the constellation Hydra.    It is in our human nature to seek out the unknown and to discover the universe around us. The stars compel us to look upward and lead us from this world to another. Many Americans often gaze into the beauty of the night sky in awe; some may wonder if there is life beyond our pale blue dot.    I thank our witnesses and look forward to hearing their testimony and particularly about recent developments in the field of astrobiology and the search for life.    Chairman Smith. And now I will recognize the gentlewoman from Texas, Eddie Bernice Johnson, the Ranking Member, for her opening statement.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and good morning. Let me welcome our distinguished panel of witnesses today. I do look forward to your testimony.    I want to welcome Mr. LaHood to the Committee and simply say that the first week of this month I visited the Curiosity team in France, and the excitement is beyond measure.    Administrator Bolden stated in the preface of NASA's Strategic Plan that ``when we explore the solar system and the universe, we gain knowledge about the dynamics of the Sun and the planetary system and whether we are alone.''    With respect to the question of whether we are alone, the search for life beyond Earth is a topic this Committee has devoted a lot of attention to over the past two years. I don't know if we plan on taking up life somewhere else. I don't know where our Chairman wants to go, but I'm interested in following him.    I understand that the purpose of today's hearing is to get another update on that topic. It is my hope that our witnesses will also take some time to discuss how their research activities can be used to help foster excitement in our young people and spur them to pursue careers in science, technology, engineering, and math. That's important because these young people are the future science and technological leaders and innovators who will be critical to our nation's growth and progress going forward. While it's exciting to search for intelligent life elsewhere in the universe, I hope we don't neglect nurturing the intelligent life we have right here in our country.    As a final note, I want to recognize that this is a return visit by Dr. Lunine. One year ago he and Governor Mitch Daniels testified before the Committee on their National Research Council panel's report entitled ``Pathways to Exploration: A Review of the Future of Human Space Exploration.'' And that was completed pursuant to the NASA Authorization Act of 2010. I highly recommend that our newer colleagues on the Committee and in the rest of the Congress as a whole for that matter read this report, as I found it to be objective in its endorsement of the goal of sending humans to Mars and thoughtful in its recommendations for an exploration program to send humans to the surface of Mars, a central goal established by this Committee in the House-passed NASA Authorization Act of 2015.    And with that, I again want to thank our witnesses and I yield back. Thank you.    Chairman Smith. I thank the Ranking Member for those nice comments.    Let me introduce our witnesses. Our first witness is Dr. Ellen Stofan, NASA's Chief Scientist. She serves as principal advisor to NASA Administrator Charles Bolden on the agency's science programs and science-related strategic planning and investments. This is Dr. Stofan's second term at NASA, as she recently held a number of senior scientist positions at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Dr. Stofan is the recipient of the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers. She earned her bachelor's degree from William and Mary and her master's and doctorate degrees in geological sciences from Brown University.    Our second witness today is Dr. Jonathan Lunine, the Director of the Cornell Center for Astrophysics and Planetary Science at Cornell University, where he specializes in astrobiology. Dr. Lunine has extensive experience in the search for life on other planets. He worked as an interdisciplinary scientist on the Cassini mission, which showed that one of Saturn's moons may host micro-bio life, and on the James Webb Space Telescope, which will study the origins of life in the near future. Dr. Lunine received his bachelor's degree in physics and astronomy from the University of Rochester and his master's and Ph.D. in planetary science from the California Institute of Technology.    Our third witness is Dr. Jacob Bean, Assistant Professor of Astronomy and Astrophysics at the University Of Chicago. Dr. Bean also is the leader of the Bean Exoplanet Group, which uses telescopes to detect and characterize exoplanets. Dr. Bean's work has used the Hubble and Spitzer telescopes to make breakthroughs in astrobiology, which include the measurement of the first spectrum of a super-Earth planet. Dr. Bean also develops new instruments for exoplanet detection and characterization and is helping to design the giant Magellan telescope, which will soon be the world's largest telescope. Dr. Bean received his undergraduate degree in physics from the Georgia Institute of Technology and his Ph.D. in astronomy from the University of Texas in Austin.    Our final witness today is Dr. Andrew Siemion. Dr. Siemion is an astrophysicist at the University of California Berkeley and served as Director of the U.C. Berkeley Center for Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence Research. Dr. Siemion's research interests include studies of time variable celestial phenomena, astronomical instrumentation and SETI, and Dr. Siemion also is a leader of the Breakthrough Listen Initiative, a ten-year, $100 million initiative to search for extraterrestrial life that is possibly the most comprehensive search for alien communications to date. Dr. Siemion received his Ph.D. in astrophysics from the University of California at Berkeley.    We welcome you all. You're clearly experts in the field. And, Dr. Stofan, you begin.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Stofan.    Dr. Lunine.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Lunine.    And Dr. Bean.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Bean.    And Dr. Siemion.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Siemion.    As you might guess, we all have thousands of questions and we're somewhat limited in our time by five minutes, but, Dr. Stofan, I'd like to address a couple of questions to you.    One, I am absolutely astounded by the announcement by NASA that briny water may be on the surface of Mars. Is that the case? When the Mars Curiosity Rover reported no evidence of water, I thought that was the end of it, but if we have this water on the surface of Mars, why is it we do not have any photographs of that water?    Chairman Smith. Right.    Chairman Smith. When will we have evidence of liquid water? Anytime soon?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you.    Next question is where are we in your opinion most likely to detect any kind, any form of life, even if it's bacteria or microbes or whatever? Is it going to be Mars? Is it going to be Europa? Is it going to be an exoplanet? Is it going to be some technological communication? Where do you think the best prospects lie?    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Yes.    Chairman Smith. That we're talking about.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Dr. Stofan.    Dr. Lunine, how would you rank the various--you--let me start again. You mentioned four locations: Mars, Europa, Titan, and Saturn--one of Saturn's moons Enceladus. Was that in order of likelihood or do you have a preference or a prediction as to where we might most likely find evidence of some form of life?    Chairman Smith. Oh, okay.    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. And when we find out what the thickness of the ice is on Europa, that's the time to send a probe there I gather?    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Thank you. Dr. Bean, when do you think we will have the capability of detecting biosignatures in the atmospheres of exoplanets?    Chairman Smith. Right.    Chairman Smith. With James Webb?    Chairman Smith. And not before? You think it's going to take----    Chairman Smith. Okay. I'm going to ask you also what do you think the odds are of actually finding a biosignature, say, in the next ten years. Well, let me ask you, likely or unlikely?    Chairman Smith. You can say----    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you. Dr. Bean, I was hoping you'd be a little bit more optimistic than that, but anyone want to give a one out of three, one out of four? What would you say?    Chairman Smith. One out of five, that's better than otherwise. Okay. Thank you, Dr. Bean.    And, Dr. Siemion, last question for you. Could you briefly tell us the advantages and disadvantages of radio and optical astronomy? I know we're trying both. You seemed to focus a little bit more on radio in your comments, but there's advantages and disadvantages to both, and do you have a preference or not, and if so, what are the advantages and disadvantages?    Chairman Smith. Yeah.    Chairman Smith. Yes.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Dr. Siemion.    My time is expired but, Dr. Bean, just a quick comment. You know that 20 percent is actually pretty high considering how historic that would be, and I think we all would agree it might be the most interesting news in, say, the last 100 years, so that 20 percent is something I think is not insignificant. So I appreciate your comments.    The Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Texas, is recognized for her questions. And let me say, going back to her opening statement, that it's not often that the Chairman hears the Ranking Member say she's going to follow the Chairman, so I just wanted to----    Ms. Johnson of Texas. If you go to Mars.    Chairman Smith. All yours.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Lunine, today, we are speaking primarily about astrobiology that can be carried out robotically. However, humans will one day return to deep space and carry out scientific exploration on bodies such as Mars. To that end, it has been over a year since the National Academies released the Pathways to Exploration study, which you co-authored. That report found that the horizon goal for human space exploration is Mars, and as you may know, this Committee agrees with that. Has NASA been in discussions with you on the results of that report? And if so, what is the status of the response of that report and how can this Committee be helpful?    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Johnson.    The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Babin, the Chairman of the Space Subcommittee, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Babin.    The gentlewoman from Connecticut, Ms. Esty, is recognized for her questions.    Chairman Smith. Um-hum. Thank you, Ms. Esty.    The gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Abraham, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Abraham.    The gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Beyer.    The gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Posey.    The gentleman from California, Mr. Bera, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Bera. And just to follow up on that question if other Members will allow me, just real quickly, yes or no, do you think intelligent life does exist elsewhere in the universe? Dr. Stofan?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Dr. Lunine?    Chairman Smith. No, that's a legitimate answer. Members of Congress should give that more often themselves. Dr. Bean?    Chairman Smith. And Dr. Siemion? I'm not asking you if you know; I'm just asking you if you think.    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Very good. Thank you, Dr. Siemion.    We'll go now to a gentleman from California, Mr. Swalwell, for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Swalwell.    The gentlewoman from Maryland, the Vice--excuse me, the Ranking Member of the Space Subcommittee is recognized for her questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Edwards.    The gentleman from Colorado is recognized for his questions not with trepidation but with curiosity and expectation because I'm never sure where he's going to go with his questions. But he is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Perlmutter. You actually beat me in quoting Alfred Lord Tennyson because I was going to end by doing that. However, just to add one more tidbit of information here, this quote that you see behind us on the wall is from a poem called Locksley Hall and of course written by Alfred Lord Tennyson who lived from 1809 to 1892. I have the entire poem right here. It's multiple pages but that is a wonderful excerpt of it.    That brings us to the end of our hearing, which was obviously informative and exciting to all of us. And let me just simply add that when we think that we're somehow limited in what we might explore or what we might detect elsewhere in the cosmos, I think it's helpful to remember that we here in the United States went from the Wright Brothers to Apollo in 66 years. In 1903 we had the Wright Brothers. We had two guys flying a contraption a couple hundred feet, 20 feet above the ground. Sixty-six years later, we had 12 people walking on the Moon over several years. And any country that can do that can certainly continue to explore and learn from that exploration, and who knows, maybe even detect some form of life elsewhere.    So thank you all for being here, most enjoyable hearing, and I thank the Members who are here as well. And we stand adjourned.