    Ms. Adams. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And let me thank all of the Presidents and the deans and my colleagues for not only your support of this bill, but for the work that has been done on it. And, Congressman Scott, I especially want to thank you. I am just pleased to be a proud sponsor, a cosponsor as well.    But I sit here today in this Congress because of North Carolina A&T State University. I am a proud alum. I am a graduate twice from North Carolina A&T. I do want to recognize Dr. Antoine Alston, who is our Associate Dean for Academics at the College of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences. And I want to thank you for being here and thank North Carolina A&T for all that it did for me, who took a poor black girl from the ghetto of Newark, New Jersey, came to North Carolina in the mid-sixties, was able to complete my work there, because A&T saw a lot in me and what I could become, and they made an investment. And so I was able to complete my degrees there and to go on to the Ohio State University and complete my Ph.D. there, only because of the North Carolina A&T.    So I say that to say that I understand the plight of students. I am a 40 year educator. I taught at Bennett College, a small college, African American women's college in Greensboro, for 40 years. I have that HBCU experience inside and out. And I understand what it did for me, and I know what our 1890 schools can do and what they have done.    And I am so pleased to support this legislation, because I know that it is going to not only benefit many of our students. Now, we do a lot with little. Our schools do a lot with little. I am proud to say that we are the largest HBCU in North Carolina and maybe even in the nation. I haven't looked at all the numbers. But we do great things for students who deserve an opportunity. And W.E.B. Du Bois said a long time ago that the most fundamental right is a right to education. And providing opportunities for scholarships for these young people will certainly do that, and help us with our unemployment rate.    I am proud to say that my daughter, my only daughter, is a graduate of North Carolina A&T from the School of Agriculture, and is doing very well in Greensboro. But this is a field that is an important area. And as Congressman Scott has said, it is about everything, agriculture. It is about the clothes we wear. It is about energy, agribusiness, all of those things that we need and depend on.    I don't know if Congressman Mark Walker is still here, one of the members of his staff, who now, as they changed my district, you all may have heard about all of that. But, at any rate, I represented North Carolina A&T and will through the end of this year. I am happy to not only advocate now but to continue to do that. But Congressman Walker has been given that part of the district now, and so I invited him to come. But I just want to say that we too have had some great Congressmen to come through from North Carolina A&T. Former Congressman Jesse Jackson, Jr., Edolphus Towns, and now Alma S. Adams.    And so, Mr. Chairman, I just want to thank these gentlemen and ladies for coming today and for advocating for what I know will be a tremendous benefit to all of our schools and the many students that we seek to serve. I am way off script too.    But anyway, those are the comments of my heart. And I just wanted to thank all of you for being here and just say this is a very important piece of legislation, and we certainly hope that you will join us in supporting that and getting this bill passed.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    Austin Scott, 5 minutes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just wanted to take a second to thank my long-time friend and colleague David Scott. We have known each other since 1996. He has been a great advocate on many things that have helped move the country in the right direction.    And any time I think of Fort Valley State, I can't help but think of another friend of ours, Lynmore James, who was a great advocate for Fort Valley, did a tremendous number of things when he was a Member of the State Legislature in Georgia and served with us. I just want to thank you, David, for your work on this, look forward to supporting it, and I look forward to continuing to work with you.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Gwen Graham, 5 minutes.    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Again, I want to thank our Presidents and deans for coming today.    I want to say, again, what a proud honor it is for me to be a graduate of North Carolina A&T, an 1890 school, and to support the legislation.    When we talk about what we are talking about today, we are talking about equal opportunity. We are also aware that there has been inequity in terms of funding for 1890 schools and HBCUs in general over the years. I am responding to the question that you asked. It is about equal opportunity. And most of our students, as we have mentioned who attend 1890 schools, are first generation, come from families with very, very meager means, and who just don't have the finances. And of course, if you have access to get into college and you don't have the money, then you don't have that opportunity.    I am a proud co-chair of the bipartisan HBCU Caucus, and I am still committed to raising the profile of 1890s and the Historically Black Colleges and Universities as institutions that not only promote and nurture students. Some of the students, a lot of the students are students that look like me. Many of them don't. But we are about educating and providing a great education.    So my first question is to the entire panel. If each of you can outline the importance of having a more diverse workforce in the field of agricultural science and speak briefly to how your schools are contributing to this critical pipeline.    Ms. Adams. Thank you.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond.    Ms. Adams. Thank you.    Dr. Jones.    Ms. Adams. Well, thank you very much. Let me quickly say that when we had our last Committee hearing with the 1890s, a number of the Presidents addressed the issue of the state 1-to-1 matching funds and, of course, we have seen a trend where our schools are struggling. And the inequality, as far as I am concerned, is very problematic. Has there been any progress made on that issue and has the lack of funds impacted your universities? Anybody? We have 23 seconds here.    Ms. Adams. Thank you very much. I am out of time. Mr. Chairman, I did want to just recognize my intern whose last day will be with me on Friday, who is a very proud graduate as well of North Carolina A&T, Alana Covington.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    Mr. Gibbs, 5 minutes.