    Mr. Grothman. Sure, Mr. Canavero, I have a couple of questions. But first, I would like to congratulate your State; I was not aware they had passed a program allowing poorer kids, all kids, to attend schools of their choice. There are so many backward looking people who hate these programs because they think that if they send their children to a private school, they should not have the school watered down with other kids. Maybe they do not want their children going to school with, and I think it took a lot of guts of your legislature to do that, so you can say I congratulate them for looking out for the kids.    I used to be in the State legislature, and I understand the interplay between State and local authority. Your testimony discusses ambiguity for the States in balancing their Federal enforcement obligation with the realities of State and local laws that may limit a district's ability to comply or a State's ability to enforce compliance.    Can you describe the kind of State and local laws you are talking about and how they might conflict with this rule, and can you describe the process that State and locals will have to undertake to come into compliance with the department's proposal?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. I have a question. Does this requirement apply not only within a district but to a State as a whole?    Mr. Grothman. I'll give you a question. They only give us 5 minutes. One of the things that surprises me, at least in Wisconsin, maybe Wisconsin is an anomaly, I do not think there are significant differences at all from school to school within a district.    There are differences in spending between districts, but I would think for an average district, if they have 5 or 10 elementary schools, they probably all get almost identical amounts of money. Is that the norm, or are there districts around the country - I will ask any of you in which- really, within the same district, different elementary schools are getting wildly different amounts of money?    Mr. Grothman. Would it not sometimes be inadvertent? I can imagine the districts I have, usually the longer you teach, the higher your salary goes, so just by chance one district may have teachers averaging $60,000 a year and the other $45,000, and it really does not have anything to do with quality. Is that true?    Mr. Grothman. Seems to be a lot of paperwork, too. I would be surprised if districts that I am aware of even know if there is a difference in costs from school to school. I do not know if they even break things down that way.