    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much.    I found myself deeply troubled by Dr. Curry's written and oral testimony, and I respect your career and your academic background and am grateful that you're here, but I found the testimony just full of internally conflicting facts and opinions and in almost total conflict with everything I have read in the last 15 years in every journal I could get my hands on. So let me offer three examples and ask Dr. Curry for a response.    First, you are highly critical of the precautionary principle. By the way, there's a third option there, which is we do nothing and the worst happens and we're embarrassed for the generations to come because we didn't react.    But you are highly critical of the precautionary principle. You said, ``Extensive costs and questions of feasibility are inadequate for making a dent in slowing down the expected warming.'' Then the very next sentence you state, ``The real societal consequences of climate change in extreme weather events remain largely unaddressed.''    A second, you--I'm quoting from your written testimony, ``Is it possible that something really dangerous and unforeseen could happen to Earth's climate during the 21st century? Yes, it's possible, but natural climate variability, let me emphasize, perhaps in conjunction with human-caused climate change, may be a more likely source of possible undesirable change that human causes. In any event, attempting to avoid such a dangerous and unforeseen climate by reducing fossil fuel emissions will be futile if natural climate is a dominant factor.''    And then the very next page, ``Climate change may exacerbate environmental problems that may be caused by overpopulation, poorly planned land use, over-exploitation of natural resources. However, it's very difficult to separate out the impacts of human-caused climate change from natural climate change and from other societal impacts. So does it really make any difference? We can't change sunspots or ocean circulation or even cloud cover, but we can impact the human-caused part of this wicked problem.''    And finally, at the end of your written testimony you say, ``There is reason to be concerned about climate change,'' which sort of undoes the first 8 pages.    Mr. Beyer. ``Uncertainty is a two-edged sword. Future climate outcomes might be better or worse than currently believed.'' And then you propose a different set of solutions based on climate pragmatism, accelerated energy innovation, building resilience to extreme weather, and no-regrets pollution reduction. So it's almost like climate change is real but let's not talk about fossil fuel burning and the impact on greenhouse gases on what that does to all this.    Mr. Beyer. A little but not much. I mean all science is contingent. We continue to learn. We continue----    Mr. Beyer. You must be humble at all times with what we know.    Mr. Beyer. But it seems to me very much sticking our head in the sand to look at all of the evidence of what has happened with global warming in the last 30 years. By the way, the debate over whether it's 2004 or 2009 or 2014----    Mr. Beyer. --is the warmest year seems silly----    Mr. Beyer. --when 10 of the last----    Mr. Beyer. We just had a vice president who was willing to argue for enhanced interrogation and torture on the one percent chance of that Al Qaeda might someday get a nuclear weapon. Are we going to do nothing because there's a greater than one percent chance that climate change----    Mr. Beyer. Okay. Thank you, Dr. Curry, very much.    Mr. Chairman, my time is up. Thank you.    Mr. Beyer. I will always agree, Mr. Chair.