    Mr. Tidwell. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member McCollum, members of the subcommittee, thank you again for the opportunity to discuss our Fiscal Year 2017 budget request. As you both mentioned, this is basically a similar request to last year's budget request, which forces us to make some very hard choices about where to spend the limited resources.    It does allow us to continue to increase our pace and scale of restoring the Nation's forests. This budget request will allow us to treat 2.9 million acres to restore forest health and watershed conditions. It allows us to decommission 2,000 roads that are no longer needed and are just contributing soil into our streams. It also allows us to restore 3,450 miles of stream to address those aquatic needs and to improve the fisheries, and also will produce $3.2 billion board feet of timber.    We do this by maintaining our 23 collaborative forest landscape restoration projects, and then being able to expand our work through the stewardship contracting authority that you provided a few years ago, and also with the farm bill authorities when it comes to insects and disease. We are making good progress with the States around the Good Neighbor Authority. These are the things that are allowing us to be able to continue to move forward and be able to get more work done every year, even though today we have 30 percent fewer employees than we did the last time we ever harvested board feet.    It also allows us to treat 1.6 million acres of the highest-priority areas in our wildland urban interface, plus another 400,000 acres of areas outside that we need to address hazardous fuels. Our State and private programs are taking an approach to use more of a landscape-scale restoration approach where we can do a better job to work with our State foresters to be able to address issues on private forested lands, but across much larger landscapes.    With our research, which is just essential that we be able to maintain our Research and Development (R&D) operations, but we are focusing on insects and disease, invasives, fire behavior, and then also to be able to expand and develop new and more markets for wood. If we do not find markets for the biomass that needs to be removed off our national forests, it is going to be more and more expensive for us to be able to restore these forests.    We are also asking for an increase in law enforcement, and this is focused on helping us to reduce and clean up the marijuana growths. The data that we have shows that if you just get in there and stop the growth, there is a high likelihood you are going to be back in there in a few years, versus if you can get in there and clean out everything and take away all the infrastructure, et cetera, that there is less likelihood they are going to come back. So our request would allow us to be able to do a better job to clean up those sites.    This budget provides the suppression resources that we need. It provides the air tankers. It provides the helicopters. We have 21 large air tankers on contract. We have over 300 helicopters, over a thousand engines, and our Type 1 crews that are necessary to respond not only to our fires, but to fires across the landscape in other Federal jurisdictions and also with our State and local partners.    I appreciate the support from this subcommittee and from Mr. Simpson when it comes to finding a way to reform how we pay for fire suppression. I appreciate the additional funding you provided in the Fiscal Year 2016 budget into the FLAME account, but I think we are all aware of the history that FLAME is not the answer. We have to find a way to be able to move past this.    You understand the issues. We have got to find an alternative to the 10-year average costs. We need to find a way so that we never have to deal with transferring funds, shutting down operations, putting people out of work every year. This takes away your discretion, for you to be able to meet the public's needs with the limited resources we have today. It takes away your discretion, that all you can do is really, pay for fire.    One statistic that I want you to be thinking about from Fiscal Year 2015 to Fiscal Year 2017 with our 10-year average. That 10-year average calculation will go up $237 million. And we still have 2 more years in the 10-year average that are the less expensive years, less than a billion dollars. So there are going to be 2 more years that are still going to hit that 10-year average mark.    So I just point that out to first of all reinforce the good work you are doing, and also to thank you. I tell you, we are committed to do everything we can to work with you to be able to find a way to be able to reform this so that it really provides, I think, the answer to a lot of the other problems that we are dealing with.    So, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the time you have given us this morning to be able to address the subcommittee, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Tidwell. I understand the intent. For me it is clear. We are having discussions with our attorneys on that, but I definitely understand your intention.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, my response is simply that grazing is part of multiple use. And we believe it is not only a legitimate use, but it helps to maintain our communities, and it also helps to maintain the wildlife habitat and to maintain open space. When we lose the ranching community, we lose a lot of benefits that the public takes for granted.    So what I would like you to share is that we are the strongest supporters that they have when it comes to grazing. If we need to do a better job to make sure that we are very transparent in being able to deal with these issues, then we want to take that on.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, also the governor's office has extended his staff to be able to work with us, to be able to sit down and actually have the governor's office be able to kind of bring people together, to maybe tamp down some of the tension and have the dialogues and discussions we really need. So I appreciate the governor's staff, the governor being able to step up and help in this situation.    So I am looking forward to that so we can move forward. I did meet with several of your county commissioners this past weekend, and we had similar discussions about some ideas about, okay, how can we just change this so that it is very clear that we, of course, need to listen to everyone, but at the same time we need to do this in a transparent process. And our intent without any question is to maintain livestock grazing.    Mr. Tidwell. We have had a policy. This policy has been around for decades. It is there as kind of a security if there is a potential threat of the water being taken away from the land so we could not continue grazing. So this is an issue that we want to work with folks to find a better solution because our intent is one thing. That is to be able to keep the water with the land because when you take the water, we are no longer grazing.    So that is our sole intent. We ought to be able to keep the water there so we can continue grazing. So I think this is an opportunity, we have to be able to move forward together because when I talk to ranchers they agree with me. They've got to keep the water there because if you take the water they cannot use the land.    I think this is one of those issues where I think there is agreement on it. We just need to get to work to be able to make some changes so that we are together like this. I think in your State we may have even some additional benefit because of some of the State laws that are in place. It actually may be very helpful.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, you stated the inventory. That was our first step is for us to have an accurate inventory about just how many that we have. Then also what is the risk so that we can actually prioritize where is the top place we need to spend our limited resources to address this problem. Yes, we need to be doing more. We are also working with partners. We are working with the States on these issues because they too share the concern of the contamination of both surface water and ground water from these.    The other thing that we have done is we put in place a direction that from now on we are going to make sure that we require enough funding to make sure we can clean up these properties after the mining has been done. That has been one of the problems that created this backlog. In the past, we never fully understood the complications of some of these mining operations, and so we did not have the funds in place. We did not have the bond, an adequate bond, in place so that when these mines were abandoned, there was never enough money to clean it up.    From now into the future, we are going to require that there is enough funding available to be able to take care of these problems, even if it is over the next hundred years, so we should not be adding more to it. So that is the first thing. But then going back, this is just another example of the things that the public is demanding. We need to be able to do this, and we have to find a way to be able to expand getting more of this work done.    I feel good about what we are doing. I feel good about the inventory, but there is no question we need to be doing more. So it is just another example, but I wish I could be here next year and be able to talk to you about how we fixed the fire reform issue, and the fire suppression funding. We are on a different track there. We have some flexibility now that we can talk about where we need to make some strategic investments, and to be able to address these issues.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, the number one lesson is the burden that was put on the agency to have to transfer the amount of money we did in such a short period of time; it is just really something that I am so impressed that our folks were able to be able to do it. They were working often 24 hours a day trying to shift money to be able to keep us from always having the funds available to pay the bill. And I think about the millions of dollars that were wasted from having to deal with that transfer, and all the potential for accounting mistakes to be made with moving money around so quickly, et cetera. So that is one of the concerns, definitely a lesson that I learned.    The second part of it is that to predict the fire season is very difficult. Our scientists are telling us what it is for this coming year. We are here talking about Fiscal Year 2017. So for Fiscal Year 2016 right now I can tell you with 90 percent confidence that this coming fire season is going to cost somewhere between $604 million and $1.7 billion. I am 90 percent confident it is going to be there. That is for 2016, and we are talking 2017 here. The other reality is that you just cannot budget for wildland fires. So that is the other thing that just hit home.    Then the other part of it, even last year's fire season, it started off a little less active than what we predicted, but then all those drought maps showed where we had extensive drought. Part of it was in your State. It all came true. We had the big fires in California, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and a lot of other places in the country.    It played out just like it was predicted, but then when people saw how much it cost, it is like, what? How can you spend that much money? Well, 27,000 people are responding to our fires, and at the same time supporting the State and the county with their fires. So I will tell you, those are some of the lessons that I learned.    The numbers that we put forward in our budget are numbers that would prevent any need to ever transfer funding, so we would eliminate that wasteful practice. We are not going to spend the money if we do not need it, and we want to be able to show you without any question this is what it cost for each fire. We manage those costs. We also are making very good decisions that when we cannot be effective, we are not going to put people in harm's way. I do not care how much people are talking to us or directing us. We are not going to do that because it is just wasteful.    We made some really good decisions last year, and a couple of them--yes, we had large fires. But I trust our folks on the ground when they say I am not going down into that canyon. We are not going to ask them to go into that canyon. Those professionals know when we cannot be effective because of the drought conditions.     But we just have to have a different approach because we will come in here with our best science, but in reality I just cannot predict exactly how much money we need for Fiscal Year 2017. It is going to be a big range. Then the worst part of it, if we have millions of dollars that are just sitting there when we have a lot of other pressing needs, as a taxpayer I am not okay with that. So those are some of the lessons that I learned.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes, and it does it through a couple ways. It stops the transfer, so that is off the table. We do not have to worry about that anymore. We can plan on getting our work done. It slows down the growth of the 10-year average. Also, it does free up some constraints for the Appropriations Committee to make a decision about how that could be used. So that is the other way that it would also help us potentially to be proactive to be able to make the investments.    We will be glad to provide you with a long list of all the success that we have every year for where we get in there and do the thinning before the fire starts. We are effective with our suppression. We reduce the risk to our firefighters. We have less homes that get burned and watersheds recover so fast because we just do not have the severity.    The solution is simple. It is just large. We have to continue to increase the number of acres. I feel good today that between our restoration efforts and the work that we are doing on hazardous fuels, we are treating over four and a half million acres every year. A decade ago we were treating about 400,000. So we have made significant advances in the work that we are doing, and we just need to be able to continue to maintain that and increase it.    Mr. Tidwell. Yeah.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes, we do have a legislative proposal to be able to expand the CFLRP authority to be able to increase the funding from $40 million to $80 million for future years. Without any question, it has been hugely successful for the points that you brought out.    Then the other thing that members that work on these collaboratives, what they also share with me is that the other key difference is they are able to agree on large projects. Instead of working on a 500-acre or a thousand-acre project, they are able to reach an agreement on treating. We need to be looking at 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 or more acres at one time. That is the real difference, and it is just simply, it comes down to trust. You provide the opportunity for people to come together to be able to share their concerns, express their values where people then hear that, and they can build trust. Then we are able to move forward.    When I look at the amount of acres that we are treating today versus what we were a few years ago, one of the biggest changes is that we have been able to build trust across the board from all the different diverse interests to the point that they recognize this is what the land needs, and yes it creates a lot of economic benefits, jobs, and biomass that is produced, but it is driven simply by what the land needs. When you are focused on that, a lot of the controversy goes away.    Mr. Tidwell. On each of our forests, we have done a vulnerability assessment to understand with the changing climate, what do we need to expect especially with large rain events, especially rain on snow events, which we get in your country quite often now. So that allows us to be able to identify that we need in some places to increase the size of these culverts, other places be able to remove the culvert and use a crossing or something like that. So those are the things where we have been proactive.    I appreciate you being a co-sponsor of the event this evening to be able to celebrate that level of success, but those are things that we can point to where we are making a difference. We are reducing the amount of erosion. We are improving fisheries. More important or as important, we are maintaining public access by being out in front of this.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, I will start with a quote from Gifford Pinchot, the first Chief of this agency when this agency was created. The quote is simply that ``National forests exist for one reason and one reason only: the public wants them.'' The National forests were reserved from the public domain, the majority of them when Congress was petitioned or the Administration at that time, the President was petitioned to be able to withdraw these areas from the public domain because they were not okay with the amount of devastation and flooding that was occurring. This lack of any management, this was back in the 1800s, so that is what created this system of lands.    Then there is a system of laws that Congress just passed, Presidents have signed, and agencies have implemented on the ground to represent how the public wants these lands managed. Multiple-Use Sustained-Yield Act, wonderful to read it, sounds perfect, then I will tell you it is really difficult to implement it on the ground. It is one of the things that is different than while the States manage a lot of their lands and, of course, private landowners is that we have to find the balance of all these different uses versus being able to manage it for any single one use.    So for me, I like the way that we have our system of ownership in this country. I think it provides all the benefits to the public.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, I am a strong advocate for our system of land ownership, and I think these lands should remain in public ownership. They are public lands. I am concerned that when I hear proposals from States, I am concerned how you would pay for the management. What would prevent you from selling it off?    Mr. Tidwell. Well, that is my position. Based on what I hear from the public across the country, and I understand there are pockets, and I want to focus on what we can do to address those issues so that we can do a better job to address those concerns. We are very fortunate in this country to have this conservation legacy. I will tell you, in the future when you think about close to 14 percent of the CO2 that is emitted every year in this country is sequestered in our forests, we need to be looking at how we can expand those forests.    So the idea that we would want to do anything to lose some of these lands to some form of development, we have got to understand those consequences because as I look forward into the future, I will tell you, it is going to be so important for us to be able to maintain and actually expand our forests if for no other reason just for air quality. They do an incredible job with sequestered carbon, then when we can have sustainable harvests, and we can also sequester it into these wood products.    It is going to be something that is going to become even more important for this country and actually for the world.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, first, we will continue that level of funding. We have a great partnership with several universities that is helping to find solutions to the white-nose syndrome, and we are actually making some progress on it.    When it comes to managing our forests, there are certain spruce trees that are important to be able to maintain those and not impact the bats. We have been able to work with Fish and Wildlife Service to be able to say, we can adjust some operations here and still be able to get in there and be able to manage our forests and not impact those bats. So I feel really good about the work we have done together with the Fish and Wildlife Service.    What really helps us is that they understand the benefit of the forests, and they understand that if we are not managing these forests, and we are going to lose the bat habitat, or in your case with private land, it gets developed. You are fortunate that you have not had as much pressure as the rest of this country, but it is starting in your State, too.    I will tell you, it is so essential that we find ways to be able to maintain our private forested lands. It is the majority of forests in this country. Over 50 percent of our forests are private. It is essential that we maintain those.    Mr. Tidwell. Our request does not result in a reduction, but what it does do, it moves some of those funds into our landscape scale restoration budget line item. Once again, this is where we have taken funds from stewardship for forest health on State lands, urban community forest funding, and we put that together in one account to sort of create a better way for the State foresters to be able to compete for that funding and be able then to address all these issues across the board versus we have this pot of money to be able to address urban community. We have this pot of money for forest stewardship. We have this pot of money for forest health.    It is an area we are actually, based on the success that we had last year, we are increasing our request in Fiscal Year 2017 to be able to expand this. We have good support from our State foresters because they are seeing that this is actually helping them to be competitive, and they also see that it is actually helping to get more work done on the ground.    Mr. Tidwell. Well once again the States have done a great job to put together their action plans that we work with them starting a few years ago to help them. I mean, it shows where their priority is, where they need to really focus their work. Because of those action plans, it allows them to be more competitive for these limited funds.    It also has allowed them to work across State lines. So we have several State foresters now that are working with their adjacent States, and they are putting together these large-scale projects that compete very well for these limited funds, and be able to get more work done.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, I appreciate our folks being optimistic about how much work they can get done, but it is another area that we lack the funding, the capacity to be able to maintain the monitoring.    One of the things we are doing under the new forest plan rule, it allows us or gives the direction for us to be able to do these monitoring plans in a more collaborative effort so that we can use others to help us to be able to get that work done, and expand it. As to why they did not get your forest done, I will get back with you and find out if they made the commitment, they should have followed through with it.    It is an area that in the past we have not done the job to monitor, and so it is so important for us to really understand what is going on. If our decisions and our forest plan are proving out, that is great. If they are not producing what we expected, we need to know that so that we can make changes. So it is important that we do it, and I will get back to you on the status of that.    Mr. Tidwell. Thank you.    Mr. Tidwell. One year.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, because instead of asking for just, I mean, we feel we need to have an amount, and that is our prediction based on what we see as kind of like the highest need so that there is some assurance so it is just like there is not an endless fund. We do not want to be asking for more authority than we need.    Mr. Tidwell. You are correct, but it is our effort to put this in a way so that it actually builds some support because we have heard some criticism from others. But that is based on kind of our high projection, kind of like this would be the max. You take last year, the $1.7 billion. Well, that is what it was. That was at our high end. So, we are pretty good on the extremes. We can tell you the maximum, what it will probably be, and that is what kind of drives that.    But you raise a legitimate question about what if things do not work out, what if things really shift, El Nino shuts down. In 2017 we could be faced with circumstances that were like last year.    Mr. Tidwell. With the transfer of the planes from the Air Force, to the Forest Service, we flew one of those C-130s last year. We will have one this year. We will not have all of them operational until 2019. We do have our next generation planes that are on exclusive use contracts. We also still have our legacies.    So this coming year we will have 21 large air tankers under contract. There are probably another four or five that we could call up when we needed, plus we have our Modular Airborne Fire Fighting System (MAFFS) planes with the Air Force and Air National Guard to be able to provide. So we are in good shape. We are also moving forward with the acquisition of an aircraft. We have completed our aviation business case. It is my understanding that OMB has indicated they are going to sign off on it, so we plan to move forward with the acquisition of that aircraft this year.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, we are working with ARS, and the BLM, and others to be able to understand what is the real risk. More importantly, to then sit with the States to be able to identify where is the highest risk. Where are the places we need to make sure that we maintain big horn sheep? What are some of the other areas where there is less risk and there may be a greater need for the domestic sheep, and to be able to reach agreement?    So this is how we are going to work with the States. They manage the big horn sheep. We want to be able to carry out our responsibility to ensure viability of big horn sheep populations, but at the same time do this in a way we are working together and prevent big horn sheep introductions into places it creates more problems in the future.    If we can come to an agreement and have a plan, a State plan so that we are all together on this and we know that these areas we are going to maintain separation of big horn sheep. In this area over here, we may have some flexibility, and the State may not be the best big horn habitat anyway. So, that is an area domestic sheep should have priority on. But this is something we are going to work through with the States, and we are making, I think, some good progress in your State.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes, and also I agree with you. You will also notice that our preparedness request, that is not going up either because the need to put any discretion we have into paying the bill for fire suppression, it limits our ability to be able to be proactive and be preventive.    Your point depends on our volunteer fire agencies throughout the country, not only in your State, but in Mr. Cole's State. That is our first defense. This statewide fire assistance is so important for us to be able to maintain, help those folks maintain their qualifications, and also have the equipment so that they can safely be able to carry out the initial attack. They do the majority of the initial attack in this country.    When you look at that, the number of fires we had last year, the majority of them were on private ground. We work together, but your points are well made. We will make sure we set up some time with you to be able to share the information with you.    Mr. Tidwell. We are looking at how we can effectively use that technology. We have had some success in the past when we have used the military's craft in Mr. Calvert's State to be able to use that. So we are having to work that through also with FAA so that it can be part of the technology that we are using.    One of the challenges that we have is that technology provides so much information that we have got to find a way to be able to manage that because we are looking at stuff. We need information instantaneously. We do not have the ability to look at a lot of different data. So that is one of the things we are also working on is to be able to use the information we really need to collect. I mean, it is incredible what is out there, and especially with the technology that the military has provided a few times.    We had a large fire in California a couple of years ago where we were using an unmanned aircraft that was able to look through the smoke and identify. We actually had some hot spots that were outside the line. Our infrared flights would not have picked him up until that night, but we were able to actually pick it up right then and during the day.    So it is definitely a tool that we are going to be using, but we are going to be working together, and also make sure the public is okay with it because then it raises those questions. At the same time, we cannot have the public flying theirs because we have had operations where we have had to shut down our air tanker operations and our helicopters because it is unsafe.    So it is going to take a little while for us to work through this so that we can use the tool to help us, but at the same time the public can be reassured we are not doing it for anything but checking on the fire.    Mr. Tidwell. Thank you.    Mr. Tidwell. Yeah. So FAA certifies it for the original purpose of aircraft, which was cargo from point A to point B. Our mission is different, and we have learned the hard way that it is additional stresses on aircraft, so we put together additional certification. A lot of it is just additional maintenance to be able to do the inspections on the wings to make sure we are not having any stress fractures or mental fatigue in those planes.    So the C-130s that are provided by the private contractors, they are able to meet those. All of our new aircraft are meeting these. Our aircraft are going to meet these qualifications. It just provides that additional assurance, and it is airworthy to go from point A to point B, but that is a very different mission from what we do.    Mr. Tidwell. Good morning.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, we continue to work with APHIS--they are probably our key partner on this to be able to identify a solution. Right now with emerald ash borer, is about the only thing we are having some success, if we can get out in front of it and basically reduce the host trees, we can slow down the spread. That is very difficult when it is going through a community. People do not want to lose their ash trees, but the reality right now is you are going to lose them one way or another.    So this is an area that our scientists have been working on. We just have not been able to come up with a solution. We are having some success to be able to do spraying in certain areas if there are certain places to be able to make that investment. The insecticide that we are using seems to be having some good success, but it is a very expensive approach. So we need to continue our research.    It is just one of the realities. We had emerald ash borer around for quite a few years in this country, and then we stopped having cold winters, and all of a sudden they have spread all the way up into Canada now. It just indicates what we are up against, and I think we will be able to find a solution to it. And then the other thing we are working on is through genetics to be able to actually develop a species of ash that can resist the emerald ash borer, too. So, that may also be helpful if we can come back in and replant ash. They are a fast-growing tree. But those are the things we continue to work on.    I would like to be able to have more funding, and I would like to be able to increase that, but I can say that about everything that we are doing. I understand the realities of where we are today with our budget concerns, and so we are doing our best to prioritize our requests.    Mr. Tidwell. Yeah, well, it is. At times it is, right.    Mr. Tidwell. Yeah. Our scientists have, and I will be glad to get back with you and just provide you a full list of it. We are seeing with some of the other invasives, too, that we are predominantly on one species. They, too, adapt, and especially when they start losing their host tree. They are there, and especially if they are in the numbers. They start moving into different species. So we are seeing with a variety of species, it is one of the things the Canadians are very concerned about, especially if some of our invasives start moving into sugar maple. They are very concerned about the impact not only here in this country, but also to our neighbor to the north.    Those are the things we are up against, to be able to slow down these infestations, and then also to stay in front of it so that if in this case we come up with a fix with ash at the same time that borer has already moved on to a different species, then we are just in the chase, and we need to get out in front of it.    Mr. Tidwell. It is, yeah.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, once again, there is not a reduction in our request. It is just to move that amount of money into this landscape scale restoration account that allows the State foresters to have more flexibility. What we found last year with the funds that were available in that account, about 30 percent of the funding was actually spent on urban community forests. So the State foresters are recognizing the need there, and so it gives them more flexibility.    So we have not reduced our request. We just moved some of the money into this other account. But based on what we saw last year, it probably will actually increase the amount of funding that is going into urban and community forests. Eighty-three percent of Americans now live in an urban setting, and we have I think over 130 million acres of urban forests in this country. That is a huge asset if you think about the carbons being sequestered, the water that is being filtered, and the quality of life.    All our research shows you plant trees, your property value goes up, crime goes down, and you save energy. It is an incredible resource that we have, but we've got to stay on top of these invasives. Otherwise, it could become so expensive to maintain.    Mr. Tidwell. So the Good Neighbor Authority is something we have had for a couple of States for quite a few years, and then with the last Farm Bill it was expanded across the country. We now have, I think, 10 or 11 States where we have an agreement in place.    What it does is it allows us to be able to work with the State to be able to look at projects that maybe go beyond the National forest, or, in some cases, just on the National forest, and be able to use State resources to help us get more work done. Then the receipts that come off of that are then available for us to then do additional work.    It is one of the areas that I think when we talk about some of the tension between State management or for the Forest Service you manage the public lands. These are the sort of things that I want to spend our time on, because initially we are having good success to be able to increase the capacity, actually get more work done, and by working with our States. It is like everything, we are in a learning process. Not every project is going to probably work out as well as we hope initially. But over time, I think it is going to be another way for us just to get some additional work done.    It is also helping, I think, to address this question about is there a better way for us to work together, and this is one of the authorities that I think is going to really prove out to be really helpful, and I want to be able to go beyond just forest restoration. I think there are a lot of things that we can be doing working together with the States under this authority besides just forest restoration. That is our primary goal right now.    As far as with the marijuana eradication, we use the Air National Guard units in a lot of places to be able to fly people in, and in the past have been able to clean up. In some States, a lot of their Guards have been deployed and do not have the capacity they used to have. This additional request allows us to be able to rely on a better partner so that we are not just always asking, but we can also be there as a partner and do these cleanup operations.    Mr. Tidwell. Thank you.    Mr. Tidwell. Mr. Chairman, it is one of the things we do need to sit down with the folks in Defense to be able to get something in place when we need that. Ideally we will be able to develop different unmanned flying aircraft that we can use. Predators are very expensive, and it goes way beyond anything we need there. Right now it is one of the tools.    So your point is well taken. I will ask the staff to be able to look at what we can have in place until we can get our program established because when the State requests it and it is being flown at the direction from the Governor, then we need people like yourself, your support, and then we are able to do it. We need to be able to have that so that when there is a situation, it is just like here it is, it is available.    Mr. Tidwell. We are doing a better job now to be able to quickly justify using the military aircraft so that we are not violating the Economy Act that requires us to use the contracted aircraft first. We have all those committed. We are learning how to be a little bit more nimble on that so that we can provide the insurance and we are not violating the Economy Act. There is an urgent need, and, yes, it may only be for a day, but we need it now. All of our other aircraft are committed in other places in the country.    So I think in the future we will be able to have those resources available much faster than what we have had in the past.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, it is a proposal to have an additional charge above the grazing fee of $2.50 per head out there.    Mr. Tidwell. It was $1.65 last year, and I think it is going up to, actually it goes up to the maximum of 25 percent. So somebody can do the math here.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes. And the money would then be used for us to be able to address the backlog of administration and then also to be able to move forward on implementing the Rescission Act to get the Allotment Management Plan NEPA done. It is a proposal to find a way to be able to move forward to be able to assure that we are doing our job to make sure we can continue to graze, and at the same time to deal with the budget complications. I mean, ideally I wish we could be just asking for an increase in grazing. It is one of the issues that had been brought up with Mr. Stewart.    We have so few folks out there. Where we used to be able to sit down and have the discussions with permitees and county commissioners, and basically a lot of one-on-one discussions. We just do not have the folks there anymore. So, that is one of the things that is added to some of the complications that we are seeing.    So it is a proposal to be able to collect some additional fees. When I look at what most States charge, we still are going to be less than what States charge for grazing.    Mr. Tidwell. I would have to get back to you on that.    Mr. Tidwell. We are using our authority under the K-V, Knutson-Vandenberg. We have been using that for years. The problem that we are running up against is today we have 50 percent fewer foresters than what we used to. We have these different authorities, but we need to have people that can first understand and be able to implement it.    We are getting to the point now where we have a lot of NEPA-ready projects. They are ready to go forward and to be able to restore forests. We do not have the staff to be able to get out on the ground because of the reductions that have occurred over the last decade. So it is one of the things through the Good Neighbor Authority that would allow us to be able to make full use of our authorities and be able to increase the capacity. But through our authorities under the K-V plan, it is one of the things that we do implement.    The difference, though, with our stewardship contracting, and we are doing about 30 percent of our forest management work now under stewardship, there is a great level of trust. I can get the same result on the ground whether I use a timber sale or a stewardship contract, and you would get the same result on the ground. I use the stewardship contract. There is a higher level of trust with folks that sometimes are concerned with what we are doing, and so it requires a collaborative effort.    The other key difference is that with the stewardship contract, we address all the needs of that landscape together at one time versus a timber sale, we would cut the trees, use K-V funds to come in there and do some restoration work. A stewardship contract provides that certainty, that guarantee that we are going to address all the needs on the landscape under one contract versus, yes, we will do the timber sale, and, trust us, we will get around to doing the work that you are really interested in.    So those are the two differences, and so we want to use all of our authorities, but that is the key benefit with the stewardship contract. We can do some of the same things under the K-V, but we just have not been able to build that level of trust that we need to be able to continue to move forward.