    Mr. Frank. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Richard Frank, and I am the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation. I am pleased to be here to discuss coordination of care for people with serious mental illness. I have dedicated much of my career to studying mental health care and mental health policies, so it is gratifying to participate in a serious conversation on this issue.    The occasion that brings us here is the release of GAO's report on efforts to coordinate care for people with serious mental illness. Past GAO reports on serious mental illness have had profound effects on this Nation's mental health policy. I think of the 1977 report, Returning the Mentally Disabled to the Community, Government Needs to Do More, as having set the standard. The GAO showed how government could best support people with serious mental illness by improving the care they receive from community providers.    Today's report falls short of that earlier effort. It doesn't adequately make the connection between government activities and meeting the complex needs of people with serious mental illness.    In the time I have with you, I aim to make some of those connections; one, by offering a more complete view of HHS programs that serve people with serious mental illnesses; two, by describing the investments that we are making to coordinate services for this population; and three, to explain our evaluation efforts.    Serious mental illnesses are not a diagnosis. Serious mental illness is how we talk about a collection of conditions and impairments that disrupt peoples' lives, much as the chairman mentioned. Therefore, serious mental illness does not fall easily into quantified categories of programs, peoples, and dollars.    Let me begin first by outlining the role of the Federal Government in serving people with serious mental illnesses, and putting that into context.    Medicare and Medicaid Supplemental Security Income and Social Security Disability Insurance are the largest sources of public support for people with serious mental illnesses. With regard to HHS programs that pay for and deliver mental health services, Medicare and Medicaid account for 40 percent of national spending on mental health care, and an even larger share of care for people with serious mental illnesses. All other Federal programs, including SAMHSA's programs, account for 5 percent of spending. The remaining 55 percent is made up of spending by private insurance, state and local government expenditures, and out-of-pocket payments by households. By focusing on the 5 percent, the GAO report overlooks much of HHS activities regarding caregiving and support for people with serious mental illnesses. HHS leadership recognizes the need to coordinate services for this population. Coordination can be thought of in a number of ways. It can occur at the level of formal coordination across large Federal agencies, at the program level, at the provider level, or at the level of the individual beneficiaries where providers, programs, and people interact.    People do not live their lives according to program boundaries, and we have learned not to run our programs as if they do. As a result, we have been making substantial investments in new organizations and institutions that coordinate public services at the level of the individual beneficiary. A few important examples include SAMHSA's Primary Behavioral Health Care Integration, or PBHCI, Program, Medicaid Health Homes, and the Integrated Care demonstration for beneficiaries that are dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid.    The GAO report also raised the issue of evaluation to develop evidence to guide program design and funding decisions. We have, and are conducting a variety of important and rigorous evaluations of programs that coordinate care for people with serious mental illnesses. They include evaluations of programs run by SAMHSA, CMS, Social Security, HUD, and by states using Federal program funds. The results of evaluations have shaped legislation, program design and regulations.    I will highlight two to give you a flavor of our efforts. First, ASPE has worked with SAMHSA to evaluate primary behavioral health care integration programs, showing how coordination across providers affects health and mental health of people with serious mental illnesses. Second, we will be evaluating early intervention programs for serious mental illnesses, in conjunction with the Social Security Administration and in relation to SAMHSA's block grant set aside. In addition, SAMHSA, ASPE, and CMS are jointly developing new performance and quality measures that are essential to conducting evaluations and monitoring progress.    This Administration has shown a deep commitment to addressing mental health care, and support for serious mental illnesses, specifically. It is that commitment that was an important factor in my returning to work here at HHS. I am proud of the record to date, but I know we can do more. More needs to be done, and I hope to join you in doing just that.    Thank you.    Mr. Frank. I believe that continues to be the case.    Mr. Frank. I believe that there is a complex set of needs provided by a complex set of organizations for people with serious mental illness.    Mr. Frank. I am focused with----    Mr. Frank. Well, SAMHSA has some responsibilities. What I want to do is point out that it is very important in our view how services actually get coordinated on the ground for people, and part of that is----    Mr. Frank . On a Federal level, but part of it is also done in other places that involve Federal activities.    Mr. Frank. As I mentioned in my testimony, it is very difficult to draw a line around a program and say that that is----    Mr. Frank. We have a definition of serious mental illness----    Mr. Frank . So we can identify the people and we can identify the services they need, but there are many programs----    Mr. Frank. The programs don't cut that----    Mr. Frank. Could you repeat the question?    Mr. Frank. I think the most important thing is to identify the people and then we can sort of work up to the programs----    Mr. Frank. Yes, we do a tremendous amount of evaluation.    Mr. Frank. Well, actually----    Mr. Frank . I think that one of the problems in the report is when you overlook 89 percent of the money that we spend, and pretend we don't evaluate there, you miss all the evaluations we are doing. So we have lots of Medicaid----    Mr. Frank. Well----    Mr. Frank. Some of them were not, for example----    Mr. Frank. Well, let us take a particular example. One of the four programs that they pointed out was a technical assistance program. OK? We don't usually evaluate small technical assistance programs, whereas we do evaluate treatment programs. And so there is a distinction, and those were not brought out very clearly in the report.    Mr. Frank. Yes.    Mr. Frank. What I think is very important to do is, as you said earlier, work from the bottom line up. So let us find the people we are worried about here, people with serious mental illness, let us look at what they need, let us look at what they are getting, and then when they are not getting what they need, let us figure out how to fix that.    Mr. Frank. Excuse me?    Mr. Frank. I am acknowledging that it--well, as you held out, my view of this is better but not well, which means----    Mr. Frank . We are getting better.    Mr. Frank. I don't think there is a lot of disagreement. I think there are ambiguities around the edges, but I would say that if you and I and the chairman and the ranking member sat down, we would come to a 99 percent agreement on what we are talking about here.    Mr. Frank. Ms. Kohn?    Mr. Frank. Yes, OK. I am certainly open-minded to--I think the problem that we started the hearing off with that the chairman raised, which is what do we do for people on the ground, how do we coordinate their care, is absolutely something that we have an open mind about how to deal with.    Mr. Frank. Absolutely.    Mr. Frank. Absolutely.    Mr. Frank. Can I add one other point?    Mr. Frank. I think the very important thing though is we need to talk about all of HHS programs, and all the tools we have in the toolkit in order to fix the problem, and not just focus on 11 percent of the action.    Mr. Frank. We need to focus on 100 percent.    Mr. Frank. I was reading Robert McNamara's biography the other day. I am not sure where I stand on zero-base budgeting there.    Mr. Frank. I don't know the answer to that question. I would be happy to find out and get back to you on it.    Mr. Frank. No, I understand the question, I just don't know the answer.    Mr. Frank. Yes.    Mr. Frank. I think it is a perfectly reasonable question, I just don't know the answer.    Mr. Frank. Sure.    Mr. Frank. Correct.    Mr. Frank. Yes. I think that is exactly the point I was making, not to in any way diminish our need to pay attention to the 5 percent, but the other part, the other 40 percent really needs attention, and that is why our integration efforts on Health Homes, on duals, on expanding SNPs, on expanding case management, are so important because they happen in that other part.    Mr. Frank. I am an economist and I believe that.    Mr. Frank. I think your point about culture is very important, and I think this Administration has been extraordinarily attentive to building that culture. Administrator Hyde has had a central role in that, taking steps to reach out far beyond their 5 percent there into Medicaid and into other areas. Our Secretary is extraordinarily supportive of these matters. And so the result is we have tremendous amount of joint activities with HUD, with SSA, with Labor, with Treasury, et cetera, and it is really those types of focused working groups across the government that have really, I think, improved our ability to coordinate with in a variety of problem-specific areas.    Mr. Frank. Indeed it has. Just to give you a flavor. Among people with serious mental illness, in 2010 for example, call that the before period, nearly 21 percent of them were uninsured and they were disproportionally low-income. And so, in fact, the states where you are seeing expansion are getting more of those people covered than the states that aren't. That opens up a lot of new opportunities for treatment because, as you know, Medicaid offers a broad package of services that are specifically, in many cases, tailored to people with serious mental illnesses.    Mr. Frank. I think it is too early to tell now, but just so you will know, we are doing an evaluation of the Medicaid expansions, and we are doing segments of that evaluation that focus specifically on vulnerable populations like those with serious mental illness.    Mr. Frank. Well, rather than give you the science, I will give you something that most of us would believe in common parlance. So typically, I think schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, major depression, some forms of major depression, some forms of trauma, PTSD, and a variety of other things depending on their functional capacity is what I think we typically think of serious mental illness.    Mr. Frank. Thank you. I actually start in exactly the same place you do with a broken heart for these people and families that face these problems, and have trouble navigating their way through the system. I think that is exactly it. I think where we were uncomfortable with the GAO report was that there wasn't enough attention paid to that question you just asked which is, we have been trying to build health homes, we have been trying to build patient-centered medical homes so that there would be a place that people could rely on to help them navigate the system, get them through, and make sure their care is coordinated across the realm. And that is really a lot of the places we have been putting our investments in, coordination.    Mr. Frank. I would agree with that. I do think it has hurt our evaluation efforts a bit. I also think it shows up in exactly some of the places we have been talking about here because we work with HUD on supportive housing, we work with Labor on supportive employment type of activities, and for each of those we have had to scale back. And so, for example, our plans to end chronic homelessness by next year have had to get scaled back because the number of housing vouchers has been scaled back.    Mr. Frank. Well, in the Chairman's opening remarks, he made a very strong case outlining how people experiencing serious mental illnesses have their work disrupted, have their education disrupted, have their functioning disrupted. And so people who have trouble attaching to the workforce, attaching to the mainstream of society, tend to have low incomes, tend to rely on public programs like Medicaid. And so people in those circumstances have a chance to get the best evidence-based treatment if they are covered by Medicaid, whereas if they aren't, those chances are much lower. And so I think that is why it is so important.    Mr. Frank. I think the issue here is--well, first of all, I understand your emotion and your commitment, and I only respect and admire it and that of the whole committee, so thank you for that. But I think the problem we had was, when you count programs and you count evaluations, and you do so selectively and you don't go in behind, so what was in the evaluation, what are we really doing with the program, what are you really doing over here in Medicaid, we feel like you haven't told the story and that is what made us uncomfortable, that we agree. Coordination is something that both Administrator Hyde and I have spent our careers working on. In fact, the way I met her was through a project to coordinate care for people with, at that time, chronic mental illness. And that was in 1986.    Mr. Frank. I still believe the admonition, and I think it is a question that we have to constantly ask ourselves. Every time we make a sort of program decision, a budget decision, and a policy decision, we have to ask ourselves are we working for the customers that are most important. And I think that is your question, and I think that we constantly have to ask ourselves that question, and we try to.    Mr. Frank. Thank you for that suggestion. Just to remind ourselves, to give you an idea, a bunch of us, the deputy secretary, myself, our principal deputy, we went out on a homeless count the other night and we kind of walked the streets just because of that kind of inclination, and we try to visit programs, and I know Administrator Hyde does it all the time, and I think it is important because otherwise you forget.    Mr. Frank. Thank you.    Mr. Frank. I will take that one. Yes, a couple of things. My agency, ASPE, is conducting a study right now on mental illness and violence, mental illness and criminal justice, exactly because we have been hearing the same thing you are.    Mr. Frank. Within this year.    Mr. Frank. We would be delighted to share it. Also, Administrator Hyde and I are actively involved in the Re-entry Council, which is an interagency council that is run by the Attorney General----    Mr. Frank . That focuses on re-entry, and a disproportionate share of people that have serious mental illnesses.    Mr. Frank. CMS and ASPE sit on that group as well, continuously work with insurance commissioners to, A, do more technical assistance, and also find out what is going on and help them resolve complaints as they come in from consumer groups.    Mr. Frank. Yes. We are conducting several sets of analyses. One set of analyses we have been monitoring the trends and deductibles in private insurance broadly, and we are also looking at just the design of the benefit, both in the bronze and the silver plans within the ACA.    Mr. Frank. Absolutely.    Mr. Frank. And it is very important----    Mr. Frank. I am not aware of that specific proposal. We have been concerned with the placement of psychiatric drugs on formularies generally, and have been examining that pretty carefully.    Mr. Frank. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Frank. I would never say that Dr. Kohn missed the boat. I have known her for too long----    Mr. Frank . To think that.    Mr. Frank. Yes.    Mr. Frank. Well, at the time I wrote that in 2005 the world was a somewhat different place, and that was the--you got the rationale for why we were proposing that right. What has changed since is, for example, the Congress has done a variety of legislative things to sort of force some of that on the ground. The Melville 811 Act, for example, forces housing and Medicaid to come together. And we have added so many institutions that now are coordinating better on the ground, that what I would like to do is see how that works out before adding another level of bureaucracy.    Mr. Frank. Yes.    Mr. Frank. Yes, as you can imagine, I am sympathetic to the view, but I really do think that we have changed--the idea that we had was in service of making sure that the dollars got funneled to the right place, to the right people, at the right time. And we are trying a different way right now to do that, and I would like to see whether it is successful, because, in fact, I have also seen a lot of programs where we tried to coordinate the bureaucracies up here, nothing happened on the ground. And so I would like to--this time start at the ground and then work my way up, and then see what happens. But it is a hard problem and I am interested in seeing how our efforts work out because I really think they are serious and they are important.