    Mr. Migliaccio. Sir, I will take that question. The work we have been doing over the past since we were here in June of last year talking about prompt pay and the hard work that we put together in terms of the plan that we delivered to Congress at the end of October, we have also stood up as a part of the plan, something we call an integrated project team to focus on the future state.    Looking at our patient-centered community care contract that we call PC3, we are looking for a follow-on contract. So what we are looking at in that contract is to look at high-performing networks, a claims solution, and other areas that we can support purchasing care in the community for our veterans.    And I just want to give you a couple of examples, and we have been working at really a brisk, fast pace. We stood up this group a number of months back. In December, we had met with industry for an industry day. We presented our preliminary request for information, met with over 80 individuals representing 30 major health care entities in the country.    From our meeting with industry, we developed, as Dr. Yehia had mentioned, a draft performance work statement that was released just a few weeks ago that will form and shape a draft request for proposal. We will come back to industry very very soon after, and then put a formalized request for proposal out in the next two months.    Mr. Migliaccio. That is contained in the draft performance work statement, yes, sir.    Mr. Migliaccio. Prior to the rollout, we have written letters to credit bureaus on behalf of our veterans. It is a travesty.    Mr. Migliaccio. We have seen some good results because they have corrected credit reports. And I can get you some data on that also. I don't have specifics, but I am told that we have seen good, positive outcomes. But we will intervene.    Mr. Migliaccio. Yes, if I can give you a case in point?    Mr. Migliaccio. Where eight months ago we were here, physicians could call in and check on their claims. And we put an arbitrary number on it, we said you can only ask about three claims and then you have got to call back. And so--    Mr. Migliaccio. I mean, we will take it step by step. As Dr. Yehia had mentioned, it is really evolutionary. But we want to get to a state where we can join that 21st Century.    Mr. Migliaccio. Sir, some of the things that we are doing as part of this, as Dr. Yehia had mentioned the rapid response team. We have gone out and met with congressional staff members in local districts. We also work with the hospital association, state hospital associations. And we have been out to Florida, not in your district, but if you would like us to come out and talk to some of the hospitals, we would be more than happy to do that. We provide a lot of provider education. We will take cases back with us and start to work on claims. A lot of it centers in some of the accounts receivable. But, you know, a case in point, we spent a lot of time in VISN 16, in Louisiana and Arkansas. And we have seen some phenomenal changes, not only in terms of paying our providers, but also working with our staff members. We pay, in we call it VISN 16, Arkansas and Louisiana, about 96 percent of the time within 30 days of our claims. And we are just having phenomenal cooperation. By working with providers and their business staffs, it does make a difference. And we would do that for you, too, sir.    Mr. Migliaccio. On the authorization side, we have also made a change on that recently too. And that was, we gave an authorization out, it expired, it had a very short life span. That authorization was only good up to 60 days. And that just did not make a lot of sense to us. And with Dr. Yehia, we talked about this when we created and drafted the plan that we presented to Congress in October. And we have extended that now in many, many cases up to a year.    Mr. Migliaccio. The number is about 30 percent, a little over 30 percent of employees in the Veterans Health Administration that are vets. In our claims department it is over 50 percent.