    Mr. Trott. Thank you, Chairman.    I want to thank our witness this morning, Ms. Pallante. I've been looking forward to your testimony. I'm new here in Congress, but everyone I've spoken with has commented to me on how insightful, helpful, and pragmatic some of your suggestions and insight has been for this Committee, and one of the few people that I've heard about since being here that everyone says great things about, and it doesn't happen too often in this town.    Mr. Trott. So thank you for being here.    I agree with your earlier comments about how you envision reorganizing the Copyright Office and the independence and the autonomy you need.    At a high level, what additional costs--you know, how much do you think it would cost to do it. Particularly how much in technology needs to be invested, and what's the cost there? Do you envision the new Office, as reorganized, would be giving guidance on issues that come up, and would you also envision new positions like a chief technology officer? At a high level, you know, what's it look like, and how long would it take to accomplish?    Mr. Trott. And the timing, how long do you think once we have plan in place and you get some direction and the budget if you had to----    Mr. Trott. Great. Well, thank you. I agree with everything you said, and the only disappointment is, with all those tech savvy people, you're going to need you probably don't need someone like me that has Betamax and tape cassettes still.    So, you know, one of the things that I've--since I've been here there have been a number of groups have come and talked to me about the performance rights issue. And there was an earlier question, and I can't discern necessarily whether you think the fair play legislation that's been introduced is going to solve that problem, but, you know, how should I approach that? Because you have the strain necessarily between the broadcasters and then, you know, the artist who, you know, believe in a willing seller/willing buyer concept.    How should that be looked at by Members, in your opinion?    Mr. Trott. Great. Thank you for being here today.    I yield back. Thank you, Chairman.