    Mr. Perry. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for being here. I am not sure who can, or would be willing to answer the question, but I am hoping one of you can. So the 2017 budget request for Nepal includes an over 300-percent increase in OCO, or overseas contingency operations funding, and a nearly 50-percent decrease in the base. Now, while the OCO request includes some continued earthquake assistance, it also includes a significant amount of funding for seemingly normal programs, like elementary reading education.    Can either one of you elaborate on the justification for shifting so much to the OCO account for Nepal?    Mr. Perry. So is the OCO ever present, or is it only present in times where--I mean, is that account ever present and just sitting there waiting for something to happen for country after country, including Nepal? Or how does that work?    Mr. Perry. Okay. So I guess, then, the next question would be how long are you projecting the OCO account to be necessary? Is this going to be forever? You know, I understand we are trying to figure out what the base should be, and I understand that there is the circumstance that was maybe unexpected, and is an emergency situation, which warrants the OCO, but at what point do--is there a plan? What is the plan to get back to the base, so the American people can see that we are spending this much of their tax dollars in Nepal?    Mr. Perry. So there, essentially, is--like, you can't say that in 2017, under this OCO budget, this is what we plan to have completed, and which will require a continuation of OCO in 2018, or will be substantially completed in 2017 and then go back to the base? I mean, shouldn't we kind of have some idea now of where we are going to stand at the end of the year, or do we just have an expectation we are going to spend all this OCO money and then at the end of the year, we will to take a look around and see what we got, and see if we need more?    Mr. Perry. I hear what you are saying. To me, if I know--yeah, just take--you have an accident with your car and your insurance company, and the adjuster looks at it and says, Here is the damage. You didn't expect this, it is an emergency situation, and you need the vehicle. It is going to cost $3,000 to fix it, right? And so we set up and OCO fund, which is your insurance company that pays $3,000 to fix the car. You take the deductible out. We know what we are going to get to, right? We know it is going to cost this much and then we are done. But what you are saying is that this thing happened. We have got an open-ended budget as far as the OCO will go, and we will look at the end to see what we got, then we have--in other words, there is no plan; there is no estimate. There is no evaluation of when this--how far this is going to go, I mean, until we get to the end? We don't have an idea?    Mr. Perry. With the chairman's indulgence, let me ask this one last question. So with the request being a 300-percent increase in overseas contingency--the OCO fund, a 300-percent increase and a 50-percent decrease in the base, based on that, if you get that, you must--you must be planning for something with that money. You must have come up with some estimate to arrive at the 300-percent increase and the 50-percent reduction in the base. Would you be done with the work if it goes as prescribed as expected at the end of the year or not?    Mr. Perry. All right. One last comment before I yield. I would say, to me, from my standpoint, if I am one of the appropriators, and you have got a 300-percent increase request and a 50-percent deduction in the base request, ostensibly to go toward the OCO, I am less inclined to be interested to provide that, unless I know there is a plan, right, to spend last year's money and this current request to get to somewhere where I know I am going to be. And what I didn't hear--what I didn't hear was that there isn't any plan. We are going to spend the money, and then we will let you know if we need more at the end.    With all due respect, I think that is one of the things that frustrates the American taxpayer is these programs go on forever and ever and ever. And we are paying you folks to make evaluations, determinations, make estimates and put the money--put the money toward those things to finalize a completion.    And I don't know that--if we just do this, we are ever going to be complete, because I am sure Nepal is always going to need more money.    With that I will yield. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.