    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I might comment that I am just days back from traveling through northern Africa in particular, and I must tell you that our efforts at striking and targeting oil reserves and the revenues they are getting from there has really been effective and is being extended, actually, because of its effectiveness. So I have seen how we have been successful in that regard.    I also am aware that, you know, in Syria and Iraq how the area is shrinking and that will affect taxation. But we are going to see more of an emphasis because of this effectiveness, I think, on ransoming and on antiquities because of the way we are shrinking the other alternatives, I believe.    So I want to thank Ms. Lehr, for the work that you have done with the #CultureUnderThreat Task Force and the Antiquities Coalition. It is important work in many respects. But I would ask you to talk about what we can do to have more bilateral agreements with other countries. Because, again, as we begin--and we have a lot of work still to do. As we begin putting up barriers here, they will seek other venues. So how can we work, in your opinion, to extend those agreements?    Mr. Keating. I do think we are going to have to look at northern Africa as well, because they are sourcing that as they are getting more pressure in Syria and Iraq as well.    Just another question that I had in terms of the way the organizations, the terrorist organizations are trying to deal monetarily with things. The Society of World-wide International Financial Telecommunications, SWIFT, I wanted to see--you know, there is a little tension, as you might have known, with our E.U. allies in terms of privacy issues and dealing with that.    If we are changing that to adapt to their concerns too, how can that limit our effectiveness? So could you comment on what is going on, our privacy concerns of our allies in Europe and how that is affecting our ability to deal with it from a financial standpoint?    Mr. Keating. Mr. Chairman, if I could just have unanimous consent to indicate I will have a written question on the matter of virtual currency. Because, as we know, the terrorists in the Paris attack, the night before, paid for their hotel with prepaid, you know, type of currency, if you want to call it currency. So that is another issue we are going to have to look at carefully.    So I will do that in writing, Mr. Chairman, so I don't extend my time here. I yield back.