    Mr. Dijkerman. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman Granger, Ranking Member Lowey, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to update you on our strategy moving forward and building on the effort that we have underway to get to zero. To contain diseases like Ebola, we are focusing on building more resilient health and preparedness systems in West Africa and in other hotspots in Africa. Our goal is to detect, prevent, and respond to future outbreaks before they become global security threats.    Let me outline our efforts. USAID proposes to invest nearly $440 million of the Ebola emergency funds in bolstering health and preparedness systems. These efforts will contribute to the Government's goal of strengthening health security through the Global Health Security Agenda. In the three most affected countries, USAID will begin to integrate the capabilities built up during the response phase into the existing healthcare system. This should help us safely restart healthcare services that have stopped because of Ebola and prepare the system to address future outbreaks.    We will also work to institutionalize the data and communication capabilities necessary to detect future flareups and direct rapid responses. In the 13 West African countries most at risk of future Ebola outbreaks, we have supported the development of Ebola preparedness and response plans, and we are now testing them. These plans build upon earlier guidelines that we and others developed to contain Ebola and Marburg outbreaks in Central Africa last year. The focus here is preparing for and managing cases resulting from human-to-human transmission.    Furthermore, we are expanding our viral surveillance program and mitigation efforts to track and contain viruses in wildlife in West Africa and other hotspots. Our focus here is upstream to detect and take actions that will mitigate the transmission of diseases like Ebola from animals to humans before it happens. This approach has proven successful in reducing outbreaks of H5N1 or bird flu. While addressing these health issues, we should not forget that Ebola hit hardest in three fragile states where half of the population lives in poverty. Ebola reduced economic activity. People lost their jobs, their incomes, and many are now less able to feed their families.    Our best estimates right now show that over 40 percent of Liberians, Sierra Leoneans, and Guineans are projected to experience acute food insecurity this year. We plan to target food vouchers to vulnerable families and individuals, both in urban and rural areas. Building upon the community mobilization efforts that have been recognized as having helped turn the tide in the Ebola response, USAID will seek to strengthen citizen oversight and engagement with the three governments. We are also working with school authorities to safely reopen schools and get children back on track.    By harnessing the ideas of others, we are leveraging our response to Ebola. We launched a competition that could result in up to 15 innovations to improve healthcare safety and patient safety. Our first awards included a redesigned personal protective equipment with a built-in cooling system. If you have been to Liberia, you know how hot and humid it gets. Another innovation is a long-lasting antiseptic spray and spray-on barrier that repels microbes. We have another announcement that we will be making today, announcing another 15 innovations from universities and others that will help us in this fight against Ebola.    Striving to get to zero new cases, strengthening health systems, and assisting those who lost ground are the best investments in helping these three countries return to their path of growth and stability. These efforts are at the core of USAID's mission to end extreme poverty and promote resilient democratic societies. They also contribute to Americans' security at home and abroad.    And, in closing, like my colleagues, I want to honor the humanitarians, the healthcare providers, the military men and women, and all Americans who are working to turn the tide in West Africa.    And, most importantly, I want to thank you all for the congressional support that made these efforts possible. Thank you.    Mr. Dijkerman. If I may, in terms of preparedness going forward, WHO has proven to be a very useful platform for us and CDC to advance some of the ideas and lessons we are learning. They were instrumental in helping adopt the 13 component standard that we need to have in place in the 13 countries to prepare for Ebola. And because we did it at the WHO, we were able to involve many other countries.    The fact that we have been able to conduct 13 assessments and start response programs and not have to pay for it all ourselves but share it with other members of the WHO has enabled us to move much faster than we otherwise could.    In addition to that, I focused on the Ebola preparedness on the human-to-human side, but if we look at the work that USAID is also doing on the animal-to-human transmission, we there, too, have been able to work through the WHO and get the adoption of a One Health approach, whereby we bring together not only the ministries of health in the countries in the region but also the ministries of agriculture and the ministries of security and policing, so that we get a comprehensive response to diseases like Ebola in the future. And it helps us figure out how to engage--in the United States we, for example, put together a 25-university consortium to work on veterinary sharing of best practices across countries. Bringing those capabilities together through this structure has enabled us to mitigate some of the transfer of diseases from animals to humans by changing practices on the ground in those countries, by having the veterinarians work in different ways, by changing market practices and so forth.    So the WHO structure allows us to really leverage what we are doing. And so certainly there are areas for improvement, and I think my colleagues have identified that, but we have been able to use the structure to advance U.S. interests and U.S. priorities on global health security.    Mr. Dijkerman. Thank you.    One of the lessons learned, I believe, that we are trying to convey is an international one, and that is we see some complacency setting in in places. We haven't beat the disease. And one of the things the United States needs to do in its messaging is to make sure that both in the countries that are most affected but also internationally we keep the focus on getting to zero because it is possible for one case to flare up. We need to remember this did start with one case. And so we have a leadership role in making sure that we keep everybody focused on that.    By the same token, we need to keep focused on the fact that we were very lucky with this disease. It was transmitted by contact. And if we think about it, it could easily have been airborne, and then the situation we would have had would have been dramatically worse. So we need to keep the focus on a global security agenda that benefits not only ourselves but the entire world.    And, lastly, I think a benefit that we have seen from other efforts that we brought to this one is the ingenuity or the innovation that is found in the United States can be brought to bear, and we have brought it to bear to the Ebola crisis. We have already had one grand challenge round that I mentioned. Today we will be announcing another 15 innovations that will help healthcare worker safety and patient safety. These are--I will let the press release come out later, but these are pretty neat things that are going to make a difference in people's lives in future outbreaks.    Mr. Dijkerman. Thank you. I think I will capture that question right now and turn it over to my colleagues if they want to add. The analysis that we have done through another USAID instrument called the Famine Early Warning System and supplemented with work by the UN World Food Program and the Food and Agriculture Organization have pointed out there are areas where production has gone down, but overall, production has not gone down as much as one would have thought.    What we are seeing is that there are more issues of access to food by people, particularly those who have lost incomes, and markets have stopped functioning because there were border closures. So what we have focused on--and when I mean ``we,'' I mean our Office for Food for Peace but also through Feed the Future, working in conjunction with the World Bank and many other international organizations is trying to get the markets functioning again. So, rather than bringing in food aid to meet people's needs, we are looking at giving vouchers so they can access the market and get the markets functioning, get the food supply going again.    In some cases--I think this will be more a function of the World Bank--we are looking at what seeds and tools may be needed to increase production again because we are getting indications that, in certain areas, farmers are eating their seed, if you will, and so we do worry about that.    Overall, we are projecting that there are going to be well over 6 million, closer to 7.5 million people that will be food insecure, both in urban areas and in rural areas, so the responses that we are trying to focus on are to get the markets functioning, get people access back to the private sector flows, if you will, rather than bringing food in from abroad.    The other thing that we are focusing on is there are people that were disproportionately disadvantaged by Ebola compared to others. So we are putting together targeted food programs and voucher programs to get them not only back into the market but see how we can encourage them to get back to health centers. Simply reopening a health center is not in and of itself going to solve the problem. People need, as Ambassador Browning said, to have the confidence that they can go to that health center and not get sick.    So we are looking at not only reopening health centers but also doing things through communities. So if they come in with a voucher and they get immunized, they can get a voucher to go to the market. And through that process, we can educate them that there is increased safety in getting health services again. And this will help, again, some of the most vulnerable--the orphans, the women, who disproportionately take care of the children and who have lost earning capacity in markets and other types of things. So we are trying to focus not only on the farm side but the whole package in urban and rural areas for those that have been particularly disadvantaged by Ebola.    Mr. Dijkerman. Yes. And one of the other things we are trying to do in this response is that before this crisis started, we had ongoing development programs. So, for example, we have a program at USAID based on Feed the Future, and they have had a number of long-term interventions going on that have stimulated rice markets, supported processing in rice markets to get more value added. So the World Food Program has actually been able to buy rice locally from these institutions that we helped create.    Now, in the planning process going forward, we are sending out teams from our Office for Food for Peace that focus on vouchers and food, and sending them out with our Feed the Future folks so that as we design these immediate response programs to help people in need, we are also trying to modify our ongoing development programs to see what opportunities might be out there, not only in Liberia but in Sierra Leone and Guinea, to see if we can wrap around some of these other longer-term investments with some of the short-term problems we have identified. Thank you.    Mr. Dijkerman. Yes. Well, actually what the committee wrote into the act is that we report every 30 days, and the next spend plan is going to be coming up pretty shortly. And I think the other important message we received from the subcommittee and in our discussions is that we know this is an emergency response, and it will evolve as we go. The benefit of having a 30-day report to the subcommittee is that we can show how our knowledge and our response will evolve, and if we finish the job before we have spent all the money, then, as the Ambassador said, we will tell you.    Mr. Dijkerman. When the budget proposal was put together, we were clear with the subcommittee that we were anticipating a worst-case scenario. And so there is a likelihood that something might be left over.    Now, how that will work out, we will have to see because we are not yet at zero. One of the challenges that we are working through, as I mentioned earlier about complacency, is that getting Ebola to zero in the other 24 examples that we have, it is, as Jeremy said, a bumpy road. This is the first time that we are trying to get to zero in a very large-scale Ebola outbreak. We are hopeful. We are confident, but I think we need to be cautious. And we will be reporting monthly to you as we do that.    In terms of the funds being disbursed, we have been able to reimburse over $300 million of the funds that we have used from other accounts, and we have already committed roughly $100 million to new emergency response activities. And there are other things that are in the pipeline that focus on preparedness that we are coordinating with the other donors. Let me maybe let Jeremy add a few points here.    Mr. Dijkerman. Yes.    Mr. Dijkerman. Madam Chair, if I may just follow up on that comment because I think it is a very important point you made about what was the key factor, and as Ambassador Browning said, we don't know. We have our suspicions. But that is why we have already embarked upon a process to lay out how we can do an independent assessment of what the components were of our strategy and what seemed to work. Another thing that was very important, at least in Liberia, was the role of the President herself in taking a very active stance in managing and getting the messages out there. And getting this independent assessment done, which will be done with USAID and other agencies, it will help inform things like the Johns Hopkins model. A model has to be based on facts. And as we try to get better in predicting future outbreaks, having these comprehensive independent assessments are going to help us.    The other thing that we are doing is trying to learn better now--because we don't have to wait. We can start now, and we are. We are working with our IG to see what some of our interfaces were with other agencies, where we can make improvements. Are there further areas we can further streamline how we do procurement or coordination with other departments. And so we have already done some lessons learned, if you will, but we are trying to have a much more aggressive lessons-learned evaluative approach now. Actually Johns Hopkins is already helping us to work on one of the areas that Jeremy mentioned and you asked about, social mobilization and communications. One of the things we are finding it is very local, but we need to have a much more careful assessment about what worked where and how. And we need to put in place a system that is going to help us get that information and turn it around faster than we have been able to do in this response. Thank you.    Mr. Dijkerman. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    I will also let Ambassador Browning speak up here because the State Department is an important partner in the Global Health Security Agenda. In terms of the Global Health Security Agenda that we have been focusing on with CDC, the collaboration has been quite, quite close. Where CDC--and I am going to speak in gross terms here--but where we have been working together on the Global Health Security Agenda--there are a number of components that have been laid out for the whole U.S. Government. The CDC is focusing on surveillance. It is focusing on lab capabilities, and it is focusing on the element of human-to-human transmission. Where AID has tended to focus in the past--we started this back in 2006 with the support of the subcommittee--is focusing on the animal-to-human transmission. I think some of the committee members may be aware that since about the start of this century, about 75 percent of the new and emergent diseases have come from animal-to-human transmission. So that is where USAID is focusing.    Now, when we go out to these countries and do assessments, we do joint assessments. I have some of my health colleagues here, but the assessments are both with CDC and USAID. And in a number of other cases, we bring in the WHO and others. So not only are we lashed up within the U.S. Government on this, but we are also lashed up with some of the other international organizations that can help share the load and move this forward. And I can give you a lot more detail on the components of the Global Health Security Agenda if you would like.    Mr. Dijkerman. I think the other important element of what we are focusing on is we have talked a lot about the three countries, but we are putting the preparedness plans in place in the other countries. The thing to remember about that, except for Mali and Senegal, is those other preparedness plans while we are assessing them, they actually haven't been, if you will, battle-tested. So what we have encouraged the U.N. and our partners to do, and we are working with the governments to have a discussion about, is how we can somehow figure out how to, respecting everybody's sovereignty, have battle-tested assets from the three countries be able to cross into other countries when and if necessary. So if we have suspected or probable cases across the border, and there are some limits in the capacity in Ivory Coast because people are migrating and things like that, then we need to make sure that we have the means in place to quickly get on top of it, because we know quickness matters. And if there is a need to bring somebody to an isolation place, that we figure out how to get them into the Ebola treatment units right across the border back in Guinea or something like that. We are not there yet. We know this is coming, but we are focused on it, and like with the entire response, we are trying to make sure that we keep the governments fully in front with us and owning the solutions.    Mr. Dijkerman. I think you have almost answered it.    Mr. Dijkerman. But there is no question that USAID has long worked to figure out how to better harness the energies and the innovations and different ideas and approaches of the private sector and foundations. And Jeremy can talk more about how we have done that on many fronts throughout this Ebola crisis, with the Paul Allen Foundation and others. The Grand Challenge program that we started is run by USAID, but we do pull in other U.S. Government resources to help evaluate the proposals so that we get the right technical people involved to see which grants and which possibilities make the most sense. So, again, it is a whole-of-government approach.    As I mentioned, and I don't want to get ahead of our press release this afternoon, but I really do encourage folks to look at the array of new innovations that people have identified that may not help us immediately in this response--actually some of them may--but they will certainly help us in the next response. And one of the things that we are following through on is once we are able to get these products proven and tested, that we will also try to work with them to bring them to market and give them the due advertising, if you will, to others so that they know they are out there to be used. But I think it is one of the really good things that USAID has built on over the last couple years, and I give total credit to that to the USAID Administrator, Rajiv Shah.    Mr. Dijkerman. Jeremy, through the response part of the operation, has already started expanding infection protection control training and commodities into non-Ebola affected clinics. But that is part of our response. The other part is that we need to make sure the clinics are designed or laid out in a way that they have isolation places. They have to be worked with to revise protocols, because if somebody comes in for a safe birth and you think it is a suspect or probable case, how do you deal with that? So there are a lot of things that we have to work through and then make sure that the healthcare workers in those institutions know what to do to feel safe.    By the same token, I think, as I mentioned earlier, just simply opening a clinic is not going to cause people to come back. We have seen some opening of schools, and we are seeing less than 30 percent of the kids come back. So we need to have social messaging and education programs and outreach to have people get the confidence again that this clinic, public or private, is going to be a safe place for them to go. So we are working on that. We are also examining the logistics systems so they can manage and get out there in time in the necessary quantities the right types of equipment to be able to deal with Ebola-suspect probable cases.    We are working on the transportation system. So if there is a case at a health clinic found, how do we get them to a safer, better isolation facility like an ETU? So there are a lot of elements that we are working on here. They are being laid out. Some are in process, as I mentioned, the training, but other pieces are still being fleshed out. With some of the partners that we have been working with before, we will have to change their job descriptions, if you will, to do a bit more to address some of these preparedness issues.