    Mr. Chaffetz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And to the Director, thank you so much for being here.    As I have mentioned before, my grandfather was a career FBI agent, so I have great affinity for the agency and what you do and how you do it. They almost always make us proud.    But the big question for our country is, you know, how much privacy are we going to give up in the name of security? And as you said, there is no easy answer to that.    But when, historically, with all the resources and assets of the Federal Government, all the expertise, all the billions of dollars, when has it been the function of government to compel or force a private citizen or a company to act as an agent of the government to do what the government couldn't do?    Mr. Chaffetz. So let's talk for a moment about what you can see and what you can do. With all due respect to the FBI, they did--they didn't do what Apple had suggested they do in order to retrieve the data, correct? I mean, when they went to change the password, that kind of screwed things up. Did it not?    Mr. Chaffetz. And if they didn't reset it, then they could have gone to a WiFi, local WiFi, a known WiFi access, and performed that backup so they could go to the cloud and look at that data, correct?    Mr. Chaffetz. But let's talk about what the government can see on using a phone, and it's not just an iPhone. But you can look at metadata, correct?    Mr. Chaffetz. The metadata is not encrypted, correct? If I called someone else or that phone had called other people, all of that information is available to the FBI, correct?    Mr. Chaffetz. In this case--let's talk about this case. You want to talk about this case. You can see the metadata, correct?    Mr. Chaffetz. How would you define metadata?    Mr. Chaffetz. And do you believe that geolocation, if you are tracking somebody's actual--where they are, is that content or is that metadata?    Mr. Chaffetz. So that's what we're trying to--what's frustrating to me, being on Judiciary, being the Chairman of the Oversight Committee, there is nobody on the this panel as in a republic and representative of the people that have been able to see what the guidance is post-Jones in understanding how you interpret and what you are actually doing or not doing with somebody's geolocation.    Mr. Chaffetz. Department of Justice, they have been asking for this for years. What's frustrating is the Department of Justice is asking for more tools, more compulsion, and we can't even see what you are already doing. We can't even see to the degree you are using stingrays and how they work. I mean, I think I understand how they work, but what sort of requirements are there? Is it articulable suspicion? Is there a probable cause warrant that's being used or needed?    And it's not just the FBI. I mean, you have got the IRS and Social Security and others using stingrays, again, other tools that I would argue are actually content into somebody's life and not just the metadata that you are able to see.    So how do we get exposure? How do we help you if we can't--if you routinely refuse--and I say ``you,'' meaning the Department of Justice--access in explaining to us what tools you already do have and what you can access? How do we solve that?    Mr. Chaffetz. What I worry about, you may be responsible, but I don't know what the IRS is doing with them, and I have a hard time figuring out when that is responsible.    Last comment, Mr. Chairman. To what degree are you able to access and get into, either in this case or broadly, are you able to search social media in general, and are you using that as an effective tool to investigate and combat what you need to do?