    Mr. PAULSEN. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, also for holding the hearing today and giving Members the opportunity to share our ideas on how we can improve health care in America.    I want to start by thanking the committee for moving forward last year on my bipartisan legislation to permanently repeal the harmful medical device tax. Congress wisely turned off this tax for two years in January, and we are already seeing the results, because medical technology manufacturers are investing more in R&D, they are creating more jobs, and they are producing more life-improving and life-saving devices. We need to make sure this bad policy doesn't start back up again, and I look forward to working with the committee to permanently end this thoughtless tax.    But I want to spend the rest of my time discussing the legislation that Senator Hatch and I have authorized to expand and improve health savings accounts. When I host telephone town halls and Congress on Your Corner events and speak with Minnesotans, one of the most common topics that people bring up is health care. Their message is clear: costs are too high, seeing your doctor is too complicated, insurance coverage is too confusing, and patients lack control of their health care decisions.    Minnesotans want to have more choice and flexibility when it comes to health care for themselves and their families. They want to be empowered to shop around for the best quality care at the lower cost, like anything else that they can buy. That is why more than 800,000 Minnesotans have opted for an HSA-eligible health plan. Minnesotans aren't the only ones that are using these accounts. Nearly 20 million Americans now have an HSA-eligible plan, and HSAs should be a central component of a health care--health care in the United States.    Unfortunately, too many Americans are barred from contributing and using these accounts. Furthermore, current law is too restrictive in what types of health care services these accounts can be used for. That is why Senator Hatch and I have introduced the Health Savings Act, H.R. 4469. This bill removes barriers to allow seniors on Medicare, active duty members of the military, Native Americans, and members of health care sharing ministries to save their money in HSAs, where it can grow tax free, and can be used to pay for their medical expenses.    It also expands what these accounts can be used for, including direct primary care, preventative and over-the-counter medications, nutrition and dietary supplements, exercise equipment, physical fitness programs, and membership at a physical--at a fitness facility.    I want to thank Representatives Jenkins, Kind, Boustany, and Kelly for their work on individual pieces of legislation that are included in my larger bill. I support their bills, as well, which they are sharing today.    And in addition to their bills, I would like to highlight two individual parts of my bill that the committee should consider.    While Medicare will pay for much of a senior's health care costs, a study found that an average couple turning 65 will need to find some other way to pay for about $250,000 of health care costs the rest of their lives, and that is a lot of money. As a result, nearly 20 percent of Americans aged 65 or older are still working. Upon turning 65, most seniors are automatically enrolled in Medicare Part A, which still comes with a high deductible for hospital admission.    What they don't know is this automatic enrollment also terminates their ability to contribute to their HSA, even if they are still working. Allowing seniors to continue to contribute to their HSA will help millions of seniors save for the long-term care costs that are not covered by Medicare. My bill would empower seniors by allowing those enrolled in Medicare Part A to continue to contribute to their HSA.    It would also allow Medicare beneficiaries participating in Medicare Advantage to contribute their own money to their medical savings accounts. Currently, these seniors only receive a contribution from Medicare. Medicare has done wonderful things, Mr. Chairman, to improve the health of America's seniors, and we can help our seniors even more by increasing the number of tools beneficiaries have at their disposal to pay for their health care costs.    The other provision I would like to highlight is the tax treatment of direct primary care models. Direct primary care is an innovative, alternative payment model offering low monthly membership-based payments for integrated primary care services. Employers and employees both love this setup, because it is cost effective, it keeps patients healthy, and it provides high-quality care.    Unfortunately, the IRS effectively bars you from utilizing direct primary care arrangements if you have a high deductible health plan that is paired with an HSA. And this is simply due to the IRS's outdated definitions that consider these innovative models as a form of insurance. My bill would simply clarify that these are not health plans and would expand who can access these primary care models.    This provision is common sense and has bipartisan support with Senators Cassidy and Cantwell introducing a stand-alone bill.    In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, HSAs are an important way to empower consumers and reduce costs. I would encourage the committee to look at all initiatives, including the Health Savings Act, that will end--be able to expand these innovative and popular accounts. I yield back.