    Mr. Varela. Thank you, and good morning, Dr. Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for inviting DAV to testify at this important hearing to review VA's Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment, VR&E, services program.    As you know, DAV is a non-profit veterans service organization comprised of 1.2 million wartime wounded, injured, and ill veterans dedicated to a single purpose, and that is empowering veterans to lead high quality lives with respect and dignity.    As the Nation's largest VSO comprised entirely of wartime disabled veterans, DAV is leading the way in providing free assistance to veterans and their families in filing claims for benefits as well as representation in appeals of unfavorable decisions.    DAV's core mission is carried out through our national service program. Our chapter service officers, department service officers, transition service officers, and national service officers have never wavered in their commitment to serve our Nation's wounded, injured, and ill veterans, their families, and survivors, or any veteran, for that matter. In all, DAV has 3,815 service officers, including county veteran service officers accredited by DAV, all of whom are on the front lines providing much-needed claims services to our nation's veterans, their families, and survivors.    DAV service officers bring valuable military and personal experience while performing their daily service work. They understand the rigors of military service and challenges associated with navigating the VA healthcare and claims processing systems. DAV NSOs in particular have themselves participated and successfully completed a VR&E rehabilitation plan as part of our DAV 16-month on-the-job training program. Due to our backgrounds in training, DAV NSOs not only possess a significant knowledge base, but also a passion for helping our fellow veterans navigate a sometimes complicated VA system and its myriad benefit programs.    In addition to assisting veterans and their dependents file claims for disability compensation, our NSOs regularly advise veterans on the opportunities and benefits afforded by VA's VR&E program. As part of our lifelong continuing education program, DAV NSOs are trained on all VR&E programs, and we regularly refer and encourage our clients to consider VR&E programs when appropriate.    The VR&E program assists veterans with service-connected disabilities in preparing for, finding, and keeping jobs suitable to their skill sets and within any limitations imposed on them due to wounds, injuries, or illnesses sustained as a result of their military experience. For veterans with severe service-connected disabilities that impact their ability to work, other services are available to help them lead more independent lives.    Mr. Chairman, DAV is a staunch proponent of the VR&E program, because it embodies DAV's central purpose of empowering veterans to lead high quality lives with respect and dignity. We want to ensure this life-changing program is not just maintained, but also enhanced to truly give every eligible wounded, ill, and injured veteran the opportunity to maximize their utility, to lead high-quality lives with respect and dignity despite any limitations imposed upon them due to their service-connected disabilities.    We have provided several recommendations in the form of resolutions from our members that would enable these veterans to achieve more meaningful and gainful economic prosperity. In accordance with DAV Resolution No. 048, as adopted at our most recent national convention, we support legislation that would eliminate the 12-year limitation provided to veterans to apply for VA vocational rehabilitation.    We believe leaving a veteran's period of entitlement open-ended would be a better policy. Legislation to effect this change is also supported by the independent budget, IB, veterans service organizations.    In accordance with DAV Resolution No. 052, as adopted at our most recent national convention, we call on Congress to strengthen VA's VR&E program to meet the demands of service-disabled veterans by providing increased staffing and funding, placement follow-up with employers for at least 6 months, childcare vouchers, and removing the cap placed on the independent living program. This legislation is also supported by the IB VSOs.    And lastly, in accordance with DAV Resolution No. 227, as adopted at our most recent national convention, DAV calls on Congress to create a new Veterans Economic Opportunity Administration and also calls for the transfer of DOL vets to the VA as a key element of this new administration.    We were pleased with the introduction of H.R. 2275, the Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015 in this Congress, and that H.R. 2275 was forwarded to the full committee by this subcommittee on June 25, 2015. DAV strongly supports this legislation.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Takano, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for allowing me the opportunity to present the testimony today.    Mr. Varela. Thank you, Dr. Wenstrup. DAV is not keeping track on waiver outcomes, although I am sure that is information that we could obtain. It shouldn't be too difficult. But what I would say is you have to go through another administrative procedure to get that determination, and we really just--if a veteran is coming to VR&E, they are not coming to VR&E because they have nothing better to do; they are coming there because they need help. So if we can eliminate one other barrier, get them right into the pipeline to VR&E services, that is a win-win for everybody.    Mr. Varela. Right now we recommend in the Independent Budget, I believe it is 6 months after they have completed their program to determine whether or not they have maintained their employment. Anything beyond that would be great. What we have to remember, though, is that we are putting another task on the plate of a VR&E counselor. So how do we make that efficient and smooth so there is no time loss with the VR&E counselors so they can continue to do what they need to do and help other veterans. And probably the best way that you are going to be able to do that is going to be through IT enhancements, and so whatever IT enhancements they make going forward, perhaps there is a way to put a component in there in the system that tracks or reminds a VR&E counselor to follow up with that veteran.    I mean, it wouldn't take much to just call a veteran, you know, every 30, 60, 90 days within that 6-month period, or an email or some time type of correspondence, just want to find out how you are doing with your work, or maybe there is an employer input that we can work into some system as well.    Mr. Varela. So currently, you go through TAP, and its an information dump. I mean, there are so many things flying at servicemembers at that time, home loan eligibility, you have DOL that is providing information, you have VA that is providing information. They are going--they are trying to file their--some are filing their claims at that time, so it is a lot.    Mr. Varela. Correct, in some cases. So hopefully, and what we believe is going to happen with TAP is they are going to create an option so that you can go back and relearn what you learned when you got out, kind of a review.    The other thing that I would mention is if you are being medically separated from the military with a 10 percent disability or 20 percent disability or greater, the VR&E component, the voc rehab component is open, so you will actually get to sit down and talk to a VR&E counselor about your options. The issue is that if you are being medically separated, not all servicemembers that are going out are being separated because of a medical disability, so they file their claims somewhere outside of that process and they have to learn about VR&E.    So we have to make sure that we continue to pump out information to them that VR&E services are available.    Mr. Varela. I am sorry. Is not done?    Mr. Varela. It is not a--there is a separate kind of behind the scenes that takes place when you are being medically separated. You are going to get a different kind of--you are going to get different kind of attention, you are going to get pushed in a different direction, you are going to have VR&E specialized services, but--so the answer to your question is, yes, it will be specialized for those people that being----    Mr. Varela. Yes.    Mr. Varela. It is augmented from what they would generally go through.    Mr. Varela. Yes, ma'am. Unfortunately, there is no way to get around presently the manpower issue. The issue of manpower has been that over the last few years, the rate of counselors has not kept pace with the rate of applicants, has not kept pace with the rate of program participants. So any short-term lift that we can get aside from bodies, aside from people would have to probably come through IT, you know, what can be streamlined through those processes to make maybe the decision process a little easier, the management of caseloads a little bit easier, getting away from a paper environment, moving more to electronic environment, but as was mentioned in the opening statements, you know, we continue to see a drawdown in the military, we continue to have the VA processing more and more and more claims. We are going to need the people to keep up with the demand.    Mr. Varela. Okay. So what we are talking about now is the overlap between post-9/11 GI Bill----    Mr. Varela . And VR&E. And as was mentioned earlier, when servicemembers are getting out, what is emphasized a lot is the post-9/11 GI Bill, which is less cumbersome to utilize and can provide much of the same benefits that are offered through VR&E. So there is some differences. In VR&E, they will pay for your books, they will pay for tuition, they pay for a lot of things in particular. On the other side, on the post-9/11 GI Bill, there is a larger monetary value that you receive from that benefit depending on where you live, based on your BAH. So when you look at the two programs and you say, well, which one do I want to go into, a lot of times what a post-9/11 veteran may say to themselves is, which one is going to be easier for me to enter? And as a post-9/11 veteran, you get to say, I want to use this benefit for these programs, and as long as they are recognized by the VA, you pretty much get to go into that program.    With VR&E, you have to go through a process, which a counselor has to determine whether or not you can enter that program and utilize those services. So they mirror in some regards, but in others they don't.    Mr. Varela. You cannot use both simultaneously. You are either in one or the other. What winds up happening is if you are eligible for post-9/11 GI Bill benefits and you are in VR&E, there is an augmentation of your stipend because of what you would have received under post-9/11, but you cannot use both educational benefits at the same time.    Mr. Varela. That depends on what regional office you are looking at.    Mr. Varela. I believe if you took all of them together and you looked at the ratio, it comes out to about 137 veterans for every one counselor. Yeah.    Mr. Varela. I agree. And then what makes it even more complicated, when you are looking at a group of disabled veterans, let's say it is even 125, we get it down to that number, you know, how many of them are going to have more severe disabilities than their other disabled veteran counterparts and require more hands on, more time, and more effort to make sure that they are being shepherded through the program properly. So----    Mr. Varela. It is multifaceted. It is not--so if we bump up VR&E counselors, let's say that Congress somehow managed to get them to 125 or better, okay, does the VA have the space in its facilities to accommodate an increase in VR&E counselors? So what other options do you have there. Because along with bumping up your VR&E counselors, you also need the support personnel to help them.    Mr. Varela. I believe we may have included that in our Independent Budget recommendation, so I will have to take that----    Mr. Varela . Question for the record, and I will be sure to get back to you.    Mr. Varela. That is a good question, because we had actually asked to see what that questionnaire looked like, and we were not provided with that.    Mr. Varela. Yes.    Mr. Varela. And the questions, obviously, right?    Mr. Varela. I couldn't speculate other than they probably pay better attention than me. So that is probably----    Mr. Varela. Thank you for the question, Congressman. Where is the opportunity for that collaboration? Where can it would be enhanced with all three partners? Right here. We need to get everybody to the table and talk about what we can be doing to help one another, what are some of the barriers that we are seeing out there, how can we eliminate them. I don't know that it would need to be so formal as a hearing, but certainly a roundtable with these representatives to talk about, what are the challenges? What do we need to do? If legislation is needed, then that is when we have this conversation. If is something that does not require legislation, then we take care of that behind the scenes.    Mr. Varela. Sure. Thank you, Congressman. And thank you for softening that approach. I do appreciate it.    Mr. Varela. The one thing we have to remember is that all tracks in the VR&E are employment tracks. It mean, the goal of VR&E, aside from independent living, and yes, the goal of independent living is to hopefully get somebody into employment as well, they are all employment-driven. So are we looking at rapid employment, are we looking at reentry into employment, long-term to employment? And it really comes down to, number one, what VR&E is going to determine that this individual is capable of doing? Okay? I come to VR&E and I say, I want to be a helicopter pilot. They may turn around to me and say, that is really not something that we are going to put you in this program to do, but based on your background, you know, we may put you in a program to be a mechanic or we may put you in a program to be, you know, a nurse, depending on what I am still qualified to do and what I am capable of doing.    The other component of that is, is that VR&E counselor going to be able to spend the time that they need to spend with that veteran to ensure that they are going to complete the program?    You know, one of the other issues that we have in VR&E is there is a lot of turnover in VR&E. What winds up happening is I may have developed a relationship with a VR&E counselor, I feel very comfortable with this counselor, and for some reason, that counselor is no longer there, so I have to restart over again with somebody else and hope that this person keeps me along the same track, shows the same interest. But every time you switch around, whether it is a doctor, whether it is a mechanic, or whether it is somebody in VR&E, you lose a little bit of that confidence. So if we can keep those VR&E counselors in VR&E, keep them happy, keep them working with those individuals that they have been working with, I think that is going to help ensure a successful outcome.    Mr. Varela. That is information that we can obtain. I don't have that----    Mr. Varela. That is correct. Basically, what I was trying to say was you cannot be in Chapter 33 or Chapter 31 simultaneously, although you could be eligible for both. And the only exception to that is the augmentation of the stipend that takes place in VR&E if you are also eligible for Chapter 33 benefits.    Mr. Varela. I would have to research that to be 100 percent certain. I would assume, knowing what I know about the VR&E program, that if you had an employment--because, basically, you are using your education to get to employment. That is the goal.    Mr. Varela. Correct. I believe that VR&E would be able to help a veteran overcome those barriers, maybe offer some additional testing, some additional classes to get them to that level. But I want to confirm that before I respond in the affirmative.    Mr. Varela. So what happens is they are going to monitor a veteran that completes the program for 60 days. Now, that doesn't mean that services within VR&E are terminated. They can come back to VR&E and receive those same services. What we are talking about is the point in which VR&E can consider a case closed or where they can consider a case successfully rehabilitated. So they use that 60-day marker to say that after 60 days, this person has been successfully rehabilitated. And what we are saying is before you make that successful rehabilitation determination, you probably need a little bit longer period of a time before you can reach that conclusion.    Mr. Varela. They are going to use--VR&E's purpose for using that 60-day demarcation timeframe is to be able to report out that we have had a successful rehabilitation in that 60 days--is that timeframe when they can do that in the case.    Mr. Varela. Correct.    Mr. Varela. We would think so. We believe so.    Mr. Varela. The counselors--the counselors will make a determination on entitlement, whether a veteran is eligible or ineligible. How they are making more entitlement decisions, does that tell us that they are making more entitlement decisions to grant access into the program, or are they simply just making decisions; yes, you are in or no, you are not in? Does that number correlate with an increase in the number of participants. I would need to tease that information out.