    Mr. Hart. Good morning, Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, and members of the committee. Thank you for inviting me to testify on behalf of the National Transportation Safety Board today.    For many years, the NTSB has investigated accidents and incidents that have identified issues regarding the FAA certification process. Most recently, we investigated smoke and flames coming from a lithium ion battery on board a Boeing 787 at Boston's Logan International Airport. From this investigation, we recommended to the FAA actions that will address issues that they will continue to see in the certification process, especially as new technologies are introduced at an accelerating pace.    The recommendations included: Identifying new technologies and the need to consult with outside experts regarding those technologies; ensuring an FAA workforce that has up-to-date training regarding the new technologies; and evaluating certification from a systems perspective, as you have already heard this morning.    In the U.S. certification process, delegation of the certification has been in practice for many years and is necessary to improve efficiency of the FAA in the certification process.    In its current form, Organization Designation Authority, or ODA, usually works well. It is a risk-based approach that many DOT modal agencies have adopted to use their resources more effectively and to focus their oversight on the riskiest areas. But as the NTSB has said, in many investigations, risk-based systems only work well when the regulator exercises effective oversight.    In other investigations, the NTSB has recognized the need for the FAA to improve the certification process in the following areas: Ensuring no single-point failure modes; accounting for wear-related failures; and including structural failures and human machine system interaction failures in the assessment of safety critical systems.    We are pleased with the action taken by the FAA last year regarding icing based on our investigation of two accidents in 1994 and 1997, outlined in my full testimony, but it is unfortunate that needed changes that we identified in both incidents and accidents have taken so long to implement.    Additionally, the NTSB has investigated events that illustrate shortcomings with flight standards. In the investigation of a January 2003 accident, the NTSB identified improper maintenance at a repair station where the owner had been previously employed as a chief inspector at a repair station that had its license revoked. We identified that the FAA did not have any regulations that enabled them to deny applications for part 145 repair stations of applicants that are associated with repair stations that previously had their license revoked. And we recommended that the FAA promulgate a regulation to implement this authority.    The FAA published a notice of proposed rulemaking in May of 2012, but more than 10 years after the accident, it has not yet issued a final rule on the subject.    As you prepare to reauthorize the FAA, the certification process is a very important component to consider. Also, the NTSB has several other safety recommendations that could improve safety of our aerospace system, including strengthening procedural compliance for pilots, expanding the use of recorders in general aviation aircraft and enhanced recorders in commercial aircraft, and oversight of public aircraft operations.    I would be happy to talk with you further about these topics as well. Thank you for inviting me to testify today. I would be happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Hart. Thank you for the question. What we generally see is system error in which good people try to do the right thing in difficult circumstances and then make mistakes. It is very difficult to say pilot error versus system error because it is a total system error involving the pilot and the airplane.    Mr. Hart. Thank you for the question. We have been looking at certification accidents for more than 20 years. The latest one that I mention in my oral testimony regarding the Boeing 787 battery had a wrinkle of being a new technology accident, and I suspect we are going to see more of that as new technologies come in at an accelerating pace. The key to the process with new technologies is quality of the process. That is why we made recommendations ensuring that the broadest possible base of resources are consulted, in this case, looking at the lithium-ion battery. Since we knew the auto manufacturers had been using these batteries and had experiences with them, including some bad experiences, talk to them. We knew that the Defense Department had been putting lithium ion batteries in their equipment--good situations, bad situations--talk to them. The Department of Energy had a lot to inform the process, but they weren't consulted.    We are looking at how to get the broadest base of expertise regarding new technologies. Also, we are looking to make sure that the FAA workforce is properly trained to stay up to speed with the development of the new technologies because otherwise they may not know that the sources that they are looking at aren't as broad as they could be. Then last but not least, we recommend looking with a systems perspective at the introduction of the new technologies.    Mr. Hart. Thank you for the question, Mr. Lipinski. We are troubled that more than 40 percent of the general aviation accidents are related in one form or another to loss of control, and most of those are related to aerodynamic stalls. In addition to training, which is a continual problem, we recommend equipping general aviation airplanes more extensively with angle of attack indicators so that the pilot will have a more direct awareness of the angle of attack. The pilot already has indirect indication of the angle of attack, but we are looking for more direct and more immediate awareness of the angle of attack to help avoid aerodynamic stall.    Mr. Hart. The biggest complaint we hear generally from the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association is that the angle of attack indicators are too expensive, and as usual, that goes back to a certification issue.    Mr. Hart. That is hard to generalize because in some cases, retrofitting is realistic; in some cases it is not. So it is hard to make a general statement. I could give you an answer if you had a more specific question regarding a specific retrofit type. For example, retrofit of shoulder belts is very difficult in some airplanes. Retrofit of angle of attack indicator is another story altogether. It is very difficult to generalize about all retrofitting.    Mr. Hart. Thank you.    Mr. Hart. Thank you for the question. I know I look old, but I am not old enough to have been around since its inception, but I will do my best on answering that nonetheless. We recognize that there is a new environment today and we need to respond to that new reality. The new environment is new mostly because of huge IT advances, and so that is going to change the way that all of us do business, and we are looking to respond to that new reality.    In the old days, after an accident, we would do our exhaustive investigation, identify all the links in the chain and come out with a report in 18 to 24 months. The report was very useful to management because they would say, I didn't know that happened in my airline every day, and it was very useful to the FAA who would say, I didn't know that happened in that airline every day. The worker bees, of course, knew about it because they did it every day.    Fast forward 20 years, today we issue that same report, and by the time it hits the street in 18 to 24 months, because of the amazing advances that the industry has made through collaboration with the Government in collecting and analyzing data, there is a good chance they already know about the problems and they are already fixing those problems.    So what is the value that we bring to that table? And that is one of my challenges is to make sure that we position ourselves strategically to add value to that equation because the industry has done very well, but there is always room for improvement, and our challenge is how do we play a strategic role in that improvement.