    Mr. Cramer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you for being here and for your good work on the rule.    I just have one area--I am going to continue on this line of exploring a little bit on the self-implementing piece, because I spent a number of years on the North Dakota Public Service Commission, carried the coal reclamation portfolio. And the one thing that I heard a lot, especially in--whatever the case might have been, but whenever we were challenged in court--and we were plenty of times, and we always prevailed as a commission, not because our lawyers were superior or anything like that--although we had good lawyers, don't get me wrong--but because the courts in highly technical matters just always defer to the experts, to the administrative agency.    And so this self-implementing thing just makes me a little nervous. And if it makes me a little nervous as a former regulator, I can only imagine how nervous it makes the industry. And it just seems to me that we could tighten it up and provide the certainty that everybody is talking about without compromising in any way, really, the protections that we are trying to accomplish and, in fact, I think, you know, should be to the benefit of everybody on all sides.    Am I wrong there? Is there a better reason to do it this way, to do the self-implementing?    Mr. Cramer. Sure. I understand all that, and I think that is noble. That is why I am just saying, can't we just go to the next step and tie it down so that we are not relying on self-implementation and then the discretion of multiple jurisdictions and multiple courts, when we have the experts in what seems to be pretty relative agreement for this place, and, you know, and then just tie it down? I think you would get a lot of support.    But that is really all I have. And I, again, appreciate the hard work.    Mr. Cramer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all of the panelists. I just want to--I want to get to one very specific point. To me, it is obvious that the patchwork, the inconsistency potential, the uncertainty that would be created by self-implementation and enforcement by courts, that is a problem. That is a problem for me on lots of fronts. But I would like at least the two regulators to speak to the issue.    If we were to tighten that up, put State primacy in place, as it is in so many areas like this, and codify, you know, codify the language in the EPA and certainly the definition of nonhazardous, do the citizens of your States or any of our States lose their ability to appeal, to attend the hearings, to complain? I mean, it is sort of like we are talking about either citizens have rights or the bureaucracy has rights and the two can't go hand in hand because, as a former regulator myself, frankly, we heard more from citizens in these hearings than we heard from any other person. To me, the local and State level is where you get more citizen interaction, not less, so could you--somebody elaborate on that for me, and then if there is time left, I certainly would welcome you as well to comment on that.    Mr. Cramer. So, Mr. Schaeffer and Mr. Holleman, same question, because it is a concern to me----    Mr. Cramer . Frankly, what you raise. I just want to ensure that what we are doing would not in any way negate citizens access.    Mr. Cramer. So did this shocked commissioner have any opportunity to do something about it? In other words----    Mr. Cramer . We have State legislators, I assume they are elected. Governors are elected. In the case of North Dakota, the public service commission is elected. So I am just seeing that these things, including enforcement, being closer to the people, seems to me to be better for the people than removing it from the people.    Mr. Cramer. I don't see this law--or this principle being--violating that----