    Ms. Goldberg. Chairman Heck, Ranking Member Davis, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for holding this hearing on commissary reform.    Your defense of this landmark benefit that has supported military personnel and their families for generations is critical to its continued existence today.    I am pleased to be here to represent more than 390,000 MOAA members and as an Air Force spouse of 13 years. I am a regular patron of the commissary and have depended on it during 11 years of my husband's Active service, including 10 deployments for OIF , and now that he is a reservist.    Repeatedly, advocates come to the Hill to protect this benefit and it has remained protected because of your efforts and support. That support exists because it has intrinsic and real value, and provides a consistent and dependable benefit that would be costly to replace.    Our service members, retirees, wounded warriors, widows, and families know no matter how big or small the town, how far it is from family or familiar surroundings, the commissary will be there. It provides the consistent products, savings, and community they have come to know and rely on from the first day they stepped through the gate.    The amount of money appropriated for the commissary costs taxpayers the equivalent of a 2 percent pay raise to the entire military, but the monetary value to the E-5 with 8 years of service and a family of four is equivalent to a 9 percent pay raise. That amount is higher for the most junior enlisted. Imagine the value it has to an 82-year-old widow on a fixed income, or the wounded warrior and family trying to get back on their feet and find a new normal.    In times of austerity, we should not be looking to cut a benefit that the currently serving, wounded, widows, and retirees so greatly rely upon and earned access to when we can't afford to replace it with something equally good or better.    We are gratified that the Department of Defense has heard the call from patrons and recognized that the savings is the benefit, and higher prices or surcharges will hurt them or make them stop shopping at the commissary altogether.    DOD says it is focused on maintaining the patron benefit. We hope this includes using DeCA's current market basket calculation methods for savings. It is important to not reinvent what patron benefit is. If DOD uses new metrics to determine a current savings levels that will be used as metric going forward, we will not be measuring apples to apples. DeCA currently compares thousands of items in its market basket study against private grocers, and calculates an average savings of 30 percent. When Boston Consulting Group measured just 50 items in their market basket, it found a much lower savings level.    We believe changing the market basket study could result in a reduced benefit by excluding comparison of items commonly purchased by patrons in calculating the savings measured. Therefore, maintaining consistency with previous calculations is imperative to maintaining the benefit that patrons know and rely on.    DeCA has been repeatedly asked to find efficiencies in providing this benefit, and they have done so. However, at some point, we think they will be forced to find them where it will be unpalatable to patrons either through price increases, changes in service, or changes in quality.    The cut to the second destination transportation subsidy in Asia last year recently demonstrated the potential costs passed on to patrons, with a bag of romaine lettuce costing more than $10 in Guam. Those stationed overseas at the pleasure of their government should not be stuck with the bill for shipping resources to their location.    Proposals to merge the commissary and the exchanges are common. Most have not occurred, because it is difficult when businesses use different backroom logistics, different business goals, and operating restrictions. We simply don't know what we don't know. How will this affect product quality, savings, and customer satisfaction levels? If for the worse, how will that affect foot traffic for the exchange, affecting MWR dividends, affecting patron trust, access, and sustainment of support and quality-of-life programs? How will this impact the employment and earning power of approximately 10,000 military-affiliated employees, including more than 4,000 military spouses?    Maintaining the benefit at levels patrons can depend on, provide quality products, customer satisfaction and savings, with accessible hours and service should be the priority, and we thank this committee for outlining those benchmarks in the National Defense Authorization Act. We think those benchmarks are the best metric, which all new proposals should be evaluated against.    Thank you for this opportunity to share the views of MOAA and its members. I am happy to answer any of your questions, and I yield the rest of my time.    Ms. Goldberg. I think that Eileen covered all of the things that I also would cover.    Ms. Goldberg. I think there are a few things----    Ms. Goldberg. Are you asking specifically about private label and variable pricing? I think that any time you mess with the savings level, any time that families perceive that there is a threat to the savings that they receive when they go in the door, and an alteration to the delivery of the system, that you risk their loyalty. They really rely on knowing exactly what they are getting when they walk through that door, whether that door is at Stuttgart or in Guam or near Seattle or at Fort Sill. They rely on that consistency.    And so when you change things, you risk them leaving and not coming back, which then affects a whole lot of other systems that we rely on to support our military families.    Ms. Goldberg. I don't have a specific numerical answer for you, but consistently when MOAA has surveyed its members, and other advocacy groups as well, there have been lots of studies on this, service members and their families, retirees rank the commissary very high, one of their most favorite benefits, along with health care. It is critical.    Ms. Goldberg. I agree that the need for commissaries OCONUS is very, very obvious. And there are a lot of questions about CONUS, but the reliance on commissaries stateside is still very, very important. Families rely on it. It is not just a grocery store. It is a place where military families meet up, whether they are in a high density area or a very remote area.    Here in the DC area, military families are spread out all over the National Capital Region, but the commissary is one place where they have in common.    And the price matching, or the price--not the price matching, but the price savings on goods is really, really critical. I have tons of grocery shopping choices. When I moved here, I will tell you, I was shocked when a package of bacon cost $8 at my local private grocery store, but I went to the commissary, and it was roughly the same price it had been at the commissary that I went to in Florida. That mattered.    Ms. Goldberg. Thank you for your question. We talked about it a little bit in our statement for the record, along with my testimony. The interlocking mechanism of the commissary and the exchange is a very fine-tuned, harmonic relationship. The commissary brings foot traffic to the exchange. The exchange is another gathering place for people that operates with a profit margin that provides dividends to Morale, Welfare, and Recreation activities on the installation, and those could fund a variety of programs, and it is really critical to providing extra support and quality-of-life programs to military families.    When you start to take that apart and they lose faith in the commissary benefit, they might not go to the exchange. That reduces the dividends. That reduces the programs. All of a sudden military families may feel that there really aren't support programs for them anymore or that those programs are not important or valued by the Department of Defense or their community. And that really is a morale, I mean, it is detrimental to morale and readiness, and that is not a place, I think, that we want to go.    Ms. Goldberg. I don't know that I would rate savings, quality, or customer satisfaction against each other. I think they are all equally critical and they play an important role, and this committee really hit the nail on the head in setting those as benchmarks for measuring how this benefit is treated going forward, knowing that a decrease in any single one of those areas could really start dissecting the entire system and making it fall apart.    Ms. Goldberg. I concur with the previous statements, that the changes should be relatively invisible to the patron, unless they are improvements.    Ms. Goldberg. I would defer to the business mechanics of that to the colleagues at the other end of the table, but as long as the savings is maintained and when the customer walks in the door, they receive that same consistent benefit, whether that commissary is in a remote location or overseas or in a high-density area, I don't see a downside as long as we can maintain that savings and not have the fallout of lost employees and other issues that could affect other military members.