    Mr. Lyle. Well, thank you, Chairman DeSantis, Ranking Member Lynch, distinguished Representatives of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to testify.    I'd like to begin by saying that I'm not here for myself. I'm here strictly for my brothers and sisters still struggling to transition to post-military life while also struggling with posttraumatic stress and no other options besides drugs and therapy. I'm here for those of us in the veteran communities who have been left behind and continue to deal with the pain of suicide, as other veterans see no way out. I'm here for the veterans who have lost faith in the system, lost hope for themselves, and have lost purpose in their lives. I'm here for the men and women that, like myself, have had to go it alone and acquire their service dogs at extraordinary financial burden to them.    For these reasons, I've been fighting for the last year to change the existing VA policy. I believe that allowing veterans to fight PTS without all options available to them is tantamount to sending our military to fight an enemy without a secondary weapon in their arsenal.    While in Afghanistan for the majority of 2011, my unit served in the kinetic Helmand Province. I was based out of Camp Leatherneck but spent some time with the British and ISAF forces near Marjah on a Royal air base in Lashkar Gah. My physical injuries as a result of military service are insignificant relative to my fellow veterans.    But like many veterans today who show little signs of physical injury, there are many scars beneath the surface. During the last few months of my deployment, as our replacements were starting to arrive and take over the operational capabilities of our unit, I felt I wasn't doing enough to help the cause of our war fighters. I started volunteering my time, largely during sleep hours, at a severely understaffed Bastion trauma center. It was there, mentally unprepared for the new volunteer role I assumed, that has affected me most in my post-deployment transition.    Upon returning stateside, veterans take a post-deployment health assessment, which indicated that I needed to seek treatment for posttraumatic stress. I started to utilize the VA system, and eventually, I met with a psychologist who confirmed the preliminary results of the health assessment. I was then prescribed sleep aids and antidepressants and told to utilize what's called a Veterans Center in my local area for counseling.    A little less than 2 years on this path, the symptoms seemed to stagnate or get worse. Upon discharge from the Marine Corps in early 2014, interpersonal relationships were harder to maintain than necessary, along with not having the support system of my fellow marines and the chain of command. I didn't have a civilian job, was not in school yet, and simultaneously was experiencing a divorce.    In the same few months, I would experience what most veterans now are all too familiar with: the loss of military friends to preventable suicide. Many of these veterans had gotten addicted to the slew of pills prescribed to them and lost even a glimmer of hope in their lives. Some of these men and women had spouses, had children, mothers, fathers, and friends they left behind because the status quo of treatment for posttraumatic stress failed them.    Life as I'd known it had been ripped away, and one night alone, I decided to end it all. It is only for the timing of a friend, a fellow marine, arriving on my doorstep at that exact moment that I'm here right now, semper fidelis indeed.    The next day I quit medication cold turkey, not wanting to continue down the dark path of opiate addiction. I sought another way and found that a trained service dog was an option, but not one provided by the VA. Further inquiry to local nonprofits similar to K9s for Warriors resulted in wait times over a year, with the demand being as high and nonprofit-based budgets what they are.    A few months after searching myself, I got Kaya, who's at my feet today, who quite literally pounced into my life. I had her obedience trained, then subsequently trained for posttraumatic stress symptoms by an Assistance Dogs International-accredited trainer. After roughly $10,000 all told with my family's assistance, of my own money, I got the help I needed. Yet today, many veterans still don't have those resources.    I still have my bad days, but with Kaya at my side, I'm largely in a different phase. I call it recovery. Retired Marine General James Mattis calls it posttraumatic growth. The bad days are less frequent than they've ever been, and they mainly come when I get news of another friend who has committed suicide.    Since starting this quest, more and more of the veteran community have come forward to impart upon me the stories of their brothers and sisters who have taken their lives. Just last week, a close friend of mine in Texas lost a marine he served with to suicide. A month ago, one of my best friends who I deployed with, and the father of my goddaughter, admitted to me that he had gotten close and also would have succeeded had another marine not stepped in.    They all come to me pleading, in fact begging, to use what voice I have in this chamber and in the halls of Congress to give you all this message: Service dogs will save lives. And with the current epidemic of veteran suicides, it is unconscionable to keep the status quo and wait any longer to institute this change we all know is a viable solution to reduce the epidemic of veteran suicides.    Thank you very much for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Lyle. That's a strong negative, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lyle. Mr. Chairman, the response has been overwhelmingly supportive. We have bipartisan support on H.R. 4764. This is not a partisan issue. Everybody knows that we need to take care of our veterans. Of course, we have different ideas about how to go about that, but I personally walking the halls of Congress and speaking with Democrats, Republicans, conservatives, liberals, everybody agrees that this is a good idea and that we should do it.    Mr. Lyle. Yes, sir. That's what it cost me to acquire Kaya, to pay for her training and all initial veterinary care for her.    I would note that $10,000 ----    Mr. Lyle. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Lyle. I would note that $10,000 is, quite frankly, cheap ----    Mr. Lyle. Well, the $10,000, I would pay it 10 more times if I had to do it over again.    Mr. Lyle. Yes, I mean--but it has paid dividends in how I'm able to overcome specific symptoms associated with military experience, and I would recommend it highly to anybody who feels as though opiates and traditional therapies just aren't working for them.    Mr. Diamond.--so depending on ----    Mr. Lynch.--you know, yes. Mr. Lyle, you had something else?    Mr. Lyle. Congressman Lynch, I would note that 8 to 10 years--Kaya started helping me within weeks.    Mr. Lyle. It does not take 8 to, you know, 12 years for these dogs to really assist veterans.    Mr. Lyle. So I actually had a personal friend of mine who had a service dog that he also had to acquire on his own and train. I'm not quite sure which organization he received his dog--well, where he got his dog trained. But I knew that that was something that was an option that veterans could utilize. And then when I went out to organizations, specifically, I went to organizations in Texas because that's where I'm currently living. I got pretty much the same result, that wait times were at least a year. I didn't feel as though I had that time to wait.    Mr. Lyle. That's correct, sir.    Mr. Lyle. Well, again, Mr. Chairman, when I took the post-deployment health assessment, which was the preliminary--what they give you--I'm not sure the timeline but there is a timeline that they're--the VA is required to give that once you return stateside. I then went to a VA facility in Fort Worth and tried to use their system. I eventually met with a psychologist at the VA hospital in Fort Worth and was prescribed the sleep aids and the antidepressants.    Mr. Lyle. Correct. So I--when I returned, I was suffering from recurring nightmares and I would have acute anxiety attacks. I also just had difficulty with close interpersonal relationships. As I had mentioned previously, one of the side effects that goes largely unnoticed as a result of posttraumatic stress, there's a high divorce rate amongst military members, but that also had affected me. I--it wasn't the direct cause of the divorce, but it definitely did not help in any way, shape, or form. So it was affecting my personal relationships.    The nightmares specifically, Kaya is trained to recognize when I'm having a nightmare, and she will jump up in bed and lick my face to wake me up, so that's one of the ways that she has assisted me in my symptoms.    And I would further note that a dog can give you a sense of purpose that a pill will just not ever do in the sense that there were many days I didn't want to get out of bed. I didn't have really anything to do like--as I said, I didn't have a job at the time, wasn't currently enrolled in school, and I didn't have any reason to. But a service dog needs to be taken outside, they need to be fed, they give you a reason to get up and to be productive on a day-to-day basis and give you that small sense of purpose again that you can grow on. And again, I reiterate that that's something that pills just did not do for me.    Mr. Lyle. Could you repeat the question, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Lyle. Well, my issues as a result of posttraumatic stress, as I said, we recurring nightmares, and I got a sleep aid as a result of those nightmares so I would disagree with that.    Mr. Lyle. And, Mr. Chairman, I would also note that just being a veteran, any veteran will probably tell you that they have--any veteran of Iraq or Afghanistan will probably tell you that they either have a friend or a friend of a friend that has committed suicide and has been affected by this suicide epidemic.    This study that was done by the VA I will also note back in 2013 that indicated the 22-veteran-a-day average committing suicide, that study was based on 21 States. So the number tragically is higher than 22 veterans a day. That was just a side note.    But I will also say since I've been doing this and, you know, I have been talking to Members of Congress, friends of mine specifically in Texas, because the cost barriers are so high to getting your own service dog--and many veterans join the military to get that family, that sense of community. When they get out, they don't have it anymore. They don't have the--you know, the family support that I had to financially support their endeavor. And then they get told that there are wait times over a year and they don't feel like they have that time so they go out and they just get a dog.    And I will note, as I believe it was Mr. Russell who had--Congressman Russell, who had said earlier that just being around a dog--Dr. Fallon, as a veterinarian, has said that he's made personal connections with the animals that he's been around, I would argue that if you don't think or believe that a dog can be therapeutic and a service dog specifically can treat certain symptoms specific to their posttraumatic stress, then you probably have never owned or been around a dog.    Mr. Lyle. Gig 'em.    Mr. Lyle. Well, thank you, Congressman Hurd.    I think it's important to understand and to reiterate what I said, that a service dog not only will combat specific symptoms like Kaya does for me in waking me up from nightmares, et cetera, et cetera, but there is an effect that they give to you of providing a sense of purpose. And when veterans get out, they lose their military community, they lose their chain of command, they get their mission, their purpose ripped away from them very, very quickly.    And there's--nonprofits have done admirable work in trying to assist veterans transitioning, but they're still struggling. And I think the main reason is that they lose their sense of purpose and they lose their mission. They don't have anything driving them anymore. And I think a service dog also provides that.    I will just further note very quickly that I've spent the last year doing this, trying to raise awareness about the issue, talk to Members of Congress, have been received very well, and it's taken me a year to do this, funding all of this myself. We don't have until late 2018 to have this study completed and then understand the results and then try to have a program initiated at that point. Twenty-two veterans a day are committing suicide.    Anybody that is okay with that number--I wouldn't say that anybody at the VA is okay with that number, but we have something that we know works. We have evidence that works now. And with 22 veterans a day committing suicide, I return to what I said in my opening statement. That is unconscionable that we don't explore alternative methods of treatment.