    Mr. Wilson. I call this hearing of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee to order. I am pleased to welcome everyone here today for this hearing on the fiscal year 2017 budget request for information technology and cyber programs.    Lately the Secretary has been highlighting the need for increased innovation in the Department of Defense through public-private partnerships--and I was grateful that Secretary Ashton Carter was here yesterday on this issue, so it is right on point--as well as the importance of generating new capabilities to offset growing advantages of future potential adversaries.    I believe that information technology and cyber will both serve as key enablers and, at the same time, present key challenges for the Department as it tries to realize its vision.    In this time of fiscal constraint, I also believe it is equally important to enforce management rigor to make sure that we are squeezing the most out of every defense dollar where it makes sense. We need to learn from industry and use the kinds of business analytics and business intelligence methods that work so well in the commercial sphere. That also means using commercial tools to the maximum extent, especially in areas like business systems and cloud computing.    We need to find better ways to foster and maintain our own human capital to support the acquisition and management of information technology and cyber systems. In looking through this most recent budget request, I want to make sure the Department is emphasizing these two complementary tracks--increased innovation, as well as increased management discipline.    I would like to welcome my distinguished panel of witnesses and appreciate their perspectives on all of these issues. This panel includes the Honorable Terry Halvorsen, Chief Information Officer , Department of Defense, the Honorable Peter Levine, the Deputy Chief Management Officer , Department of Defense.    I would like now to turn to my friend and ranking member, Mr. Jim Langevin from Rhode Island, for any comments he would like to make.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Langevin. And now welcome again to our witnesses. Your written statements will be submitted for the record, so we ask that you summarize your comments in 5 minutes or less, and then after that, each of the persons on the subcommittee will go through a 5-minutes process and Kevin Gates will make sure it is done correctly.    So we now begin with Mr. Halvorsen.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Halvorsen. We now proceed to Mr. Levine.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much. And we will now proceed with a 5-minute round. I want to commend Lindsay Kavanaugh and Jim Langevin for achieving an extraordinary turnout today. So, congratulations. You did good.    And I will begin with myself. And this is for both of you. What do you see as the major budgetary challenges in this year's President's budget request? Where are we accepting risk based on current budget constraints?    Mr. Wilson. And thank you very much. And, Mr. Halvorsen, Chairman Mac Thornberry's most recent defense reform proposal emphasizes prototyping experimentation. Can you tell us what the Department is doing with regard to information technology and cyber programs that highlight these approaches?    Mr. Wilson. And, again, I am impressed with the efforts by Secretary Carter to work for public-private cooperation. Additionally, Mr. Halvorsen, in the fiscal year 2017 budget request, the Defense Information Systems Agency, the primary IT provider for the Department, eliminated the S&T funding it had to pursue innovation and technology demonstration. Please explain the rationale for that decision and how this aligns with the Secretary's emphasis on drawing in innovation from the commercial sector.    Mr. Wilson. Additionally, Mr. Halvorsen, section 901 of the fiscal year 2015 NDAA mandated that the chief information officer begin to exercise authority, direction, and control over the Information Assurances Directorate of the National Security Agency.    Recently, this subcommittee was made aware of a DOD proposal to place that authority, direction, and control back with the Under Secretary for Intelligence. Do you support the Department's proposal? What are the pros and cons of keeping that authority with the chief information officer?    Mr. Wilson. Well, with your background, we would all appreciate any input at any time as we consider these issues.    I now yield to Mr. Langevin.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Langevin. We now proceed to Congressman Doug Lamborn of Colorado.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Lamborn. We now proceed to Congressman Jim Cooper of Tennessee.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Cooper. We now proceed to Congresswoman Elise Stefanik, of New York.    Mr. Wilson. And thank you, Congresswoman Stefanik. We now proceed to Congressman Pete Aguilar of California.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Congressman Aguilar. We now proceed to Congressman Brad Ashford, all the way from Nebraska.    Mr. Wilson. And thank you, Congressman Ashford. And due to how important these issues are, we will proceed with a second round.    And, Mr. Levine, DOD doesn't have a stellar track record in deploying business IT systems. What recommendations would you have to make to improve our abilities to deploy business systems? And, secondly, how can we improve or shape the workforce to better configure, deploy, and manage these business systems?    Mr. Wilson. Well, thank you for being so candid. And additionally, too, hey, technology changes overnight, and so I know it is an extraordinary challenge, but we appreciate both of you on what you are doing. Also, I am grateful--Mr. Halvorsen, I notice your association with Rotary International, your service as a Paul Harris fellow. I am happy to be with you.    So a question, Mr. Halvorsen. Spectrum is a vital resource for the Department. However, it is also one that we are in increasing competition with the commercial sector. What challenges do you see over the next 10 years when it comes to the DOD's use of spectrum? What recommendations would you make to improve the responsiveness of the regulatory process to including national security concerns and economic priorities?    Mr. Wilson. Well, thank you very much. And now Ranking Member Jim Langevin.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Langevin, and thank you for your expertise in acronyms. We now proceed to Congresswoman Elise Stefanik, of New York.    Mr. Wilson. And thank you, Congresswoman Stefanik, for your insight, too. There being no further, we are adjourned.