    Dr. Fleming. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen, for being here today.    General Keane, one of my primary concerns above what is contained within the AUMF is the fact that I still don't know a clear and coherent strategy upon which we will use the AUMF. The President has not outlined--in fact, at one point he even said we didn't have a strategy, so I have a deep concern about whatever the AUMF ends up being, what is going to be the strategy that goes along with that.    I would love to hear what you have to say about that.    General Keane. Well, you know, I agree with you. And it is pretty frustrating about what is being said and also what is not being said.    I think, clearly, just dealing with ISIS and dealing with Iraq and Syria, what is the strategy to degrade and destroy, defeat is a much better word than destroy, ISIS? We are saying to ourselves that we have an Iraq strategy first, which is to reclaim the territory that is lost.    To do that, we know we need ground forces to do it. The air power has largely stalled, effective air power has largely stalled ISIS offensive campaigns, no longer really taking territory in any large way in Iraq.    It has taken territory in Syria since the bombing campaign began. That is another story.    We are depending on local indigenous forces to be that ground force, but then we also know that we have problems with this force, that it is not a homogeneous force. It is Peshmerga, it is Shia militia, it is Iraqi Security Forces, it is Sunni tribes.    And we also know that we want air power to be effective, but we are not going to put any boots on the ground to help that force be more effective. My simple way of dealing with this: If you think you have a weak hand, do what you can to strengthen that hand.    What we want to avoid doing is what the Congressman from California would like to constrain the President from doing. We all want to avoid using combat brigades to go deal with this. We want these people, the Iraqis, to bear the burden of this, not us, on the ground. You won't get anybody in the military signing up for sending large combat brigades in there.    But that strategy, I think, is flawed because we are not providing enough assistance to this local indigenous force that is weak, and by that I mean is special forces who can go with them on the ground, forward air controllers to help them, significant amounts of Apache helicopters, AC-130 gunships, JSOC direct action forces to go kill leaders like we do in Iraq and Afghanistan very successfully, on the ground, I may say. And these are questions I think that you can ask the military leaders when they come forward.    In Syria, sir, there is no ground force.    Dr. Fleming. Okay. And I appreciate that and----    General Keane. There is no strategy in Syria to defeat ISIS. We do not have a strategy to defeat ISIS in Syria.    Dr. Fleming. So it really is kind of based on a fantasy ground force. I get that, yes, we want to stand up or re-stand up the Iraqi forces, and that might work. But in Syria, and now I believe ISIS has moved into Libya, you know, we voted last year for the Free Syrian Army. We still don't know who the Free Syrian Army that we are arming and training, which could take years and it is small in number--even the President himself said they were pharmacists and doctors.    So the question here is, without leadership from the United States and without boots on the ground that we can trust from an army that is well-trained and well-equipped, how in the world does this vague strategy work?    General Keane. Well, it is not going to work. We have a plan to reclaim the territory that was lost in Iraq and hopefully return the sovereignty of Iraq to its borders. There is a plan for that.    But what you are not being told is that the strategy in Syria is really only to degrade ISIS and only--and to contain it, because that is really what is on the table. The Free Syrian Army, we lost the opportunity to help them when they were--when they had the momentum in Syria and when they needed our help.    They are down to several brigades. We are going to train 3,000 to 5,000 a year of new recruits. Heck, ISIL gets that in a few months. It doesn't even match.    There is no reality to that strategy if you accept the President at his word that he intends to destroy ISIS. What he intends to do is degrade it in Syria, contain it, and defer that problem to his successor. That is the strategy in Syria.    Dr. Fleming. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. Ms. Duckworth.