    Mr. Kupiec. Chairman Neugebauer, Ranking Member Clay, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for convening this hearing. It is an honor for me to testify here today.    My testimony will consider the merits of seven separate bills that are currently under consideration. In my opinion, none of these bills will magnify financial sector risks, nor will any of these bills dilute the Dodd-Frank Act's requirement for heightened supervision and regulation of systemically important financial institutions (SIFIs).    Many of these bills propose commonsense improvements to existing legislation. For example, the SAFE Transitional Licensing Act of 2015 creates a 120-day grace period during which a licensed mortgage loan originator may continue originating loans while changing jobs and applying for a new license.    The National Credit Union Administration Budget Transparency Act will approve accountability and management of the NCUA by requiring public disclosure and soliciting comments as part of the annual budgeting process.    The Community Bank Capital Clarification Act amends Section 171 of the Dodd-Frank Act so that all bank holding companies with less than $15 billion in consolidated assets will be exempt from the Dodd-Frank Act mandatory holding company leverage and risk-based capital regulations. Bank holding companies below the $15 billion threshold as of December 2009 were exempted in the Dodd-Frank Act because they were not seen as a threat to financial stability. I do not see why similarly sized institutions would pose a threat today.    The Preserving Capital Access and Mortgage Liquidity Act of 2015 allows credit unions under a billion dollars to join the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) System without meeting the FHFA's proposed mortgage threshold rules. This amendment would merely put the FHLB membership requirements for credit unions on par with those of small banks.    The Financial Stability Oversight Council Reform Act places the Office of Financial Research under the normal congressional appropriations and oversight process. The OFR should have been subject to these procedures from the beginning.    Two proposed bills are more involved and require a bit more explanation. The TAILOR Act of 2015 requires bank regulatory agencies to modify their supervision and regulation practices so that they are appropriate for the risk profile of smaller institutions. There is a legitimate concern in Congress that the Dodd-Frank Act includes new heightened standards for supervision and regulation that were intended for larger institutions but instead are being applied to all regulated depository institutions.    The TAILOR Act requires regulators to modify their one-size-fits-all approach to regulation and reduce regulations and processes that are burdening smaller institutions with unnecessary and unproductive compliance costs. Regulators must explicitly recognize the need to tailor regulations and supervisory processes and reflect this tailoring in their examination manuals and notices of proposal rulemaking.    The final bill I will discuss, H.R. 2209, requires the banking agencies to amend their Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) rule to give low-risk, highly liquid, State and municipal bond obligations treatment that is consistent with their liquidity characteristics. The LCR requires large banks and bank holding companies to hold a sufficient quantity of highly liquid assets (HQLA) to enable them to survive a hypothetical month-long bank run. The LCR has specific requirements that determine which bank assets count as HQLA. The final LCR rule does not recognize State or municipal bonds as HQLA, so they have no value toward satisfying the LCR requirement.    Many public comment letters recommended that investment grade liquid, State, and municipal securities be included in HQLA. The reasons for counting State and muni securities in HQLA include the fact that many of these bonds are at least as liquid as the corporate bonds that are eligible for HQLA treatment, many have higher ratings and better liquidity than some of the foreign bonds that are also eligible for Level 1 and Level 2 assets in the HQLA, and many asset-specific characteristics for the Level 2 and Level B requirements are met by many State and municipal bonds.    There is concern that the exclusion of State and municipal bonds from the definition of HQLA will damage muni market liquidity as banks will no longer favor holding these issues. In May 2015, the Federal Reserve Board proposed amending its LCR rule to recognize State and municipal bonds as Level 2 assets, which would count as HQLA.    H.R. 2209 will require the Federal banking agencies to revise the final LCR rule to include qualifying State and municipal bonds as Level 2A assets in the definition of HQLA. This change is appropriate and consistent with the public interest. I would go further and recommend that State and municipal bonds that satisfy the characteristics required by Level 2B assets should also be recognized in HQLA.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Kupiec. Thank you. Any rule that limits a large set of financial institutions' ability to hold these kind of instruments cannot be a good thing for the State muni bond markets. It has to increase the rates they pay on new issues. The liquidity rules singling out types of instruments that can't be used to satisfy a liquidity requirement is like a feedback loop. If you can't buy the bonds, banks aren't going to buy the bonds, and the liquidity in the bond market will go down. There will be ramifications.    The bill under consideration--all it asks for is that if the bonds actually satisfy the specifications in the rule that would make them eligible for Level 2A or 2B status, they ought to be recognized. The rule is very explicit about the liquidity criteria. So if the bonds meet the liquidity criteria, why aren't we recognizing them? It seems to me a fairly straightforward way to improve the Liquidity Coverage Ratio.    Mr. Kupiec. I am familiar with the general process you described, having worked for a bank regulatory agency for many years. I am not particularly familiar with anything that is going on in any particular institution.    Mr. Kupiec. The process, though, is kind of very natural. Within the bank supervisory community, the supervisors who are in charge of the largest institutions are generally thought to be sort of the best and the brightest. They are the top of the class, the ones who get promoted, the ones who move up in the agencies. And this sort of creates this standard that all the other examiners want to do exactly what the guys in the big institutions and women in the big institutions are doing.    There is this very natural process where the regulations imposed on the--the most complicated regulations are the ones that everybody wants to use because it sort of promotes the examiner's career path. So there is a real sort of social force here that makes the more complex regulations feed down into the smaller institutions. It is pervasive in the way the examination process works.    Mr. Kupiec. I would say a good example of this is the rules that were promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) on the mortgage underwriting standards, where small bankers in small towns have to adopt what were essentially the same practices that the largest banks would use to document all kinds of processes when, in fact, in a small town those things may not be the right way to underwrite mortgages, that they took basically a computer-driven underwriting standard that would apply in the largest shops and forced those standards to be reflected in the smaller banks. So that is exactly the kind of problem that these rules cause, and it does force smaller banks out of the business.    Mr. Kupiec. Thank you very much for the question.    I don't think that Congress is necessarily stepping in to pick winners and losers. What I think they are doing is stepping in to encourage the bank regulators to actually pay attention to this problem.    As I mentioned, in May the Federal Reserve Board introduced a notice of proposed rulemaking to allow munis to be considered as Level 2B assets, even though they passed the final rule the prior October and didn't permit muni assets in. So, the Federal Reserve Board has started to rethink the rule and change the rule. And what the committee has merely said was, this is a good idea, speed it up, but if they qualify as Level 2A assets, why aren't you counting them as 2A assets then?    Mr. Kupiec. I couldn't give you names right off, but I am sure that you want me to say it is the larger municipalities and States, and I would have to agree, that is probably the case.    Mr. Kupiec. I am not versed in what happened internally in the NCUA over that time, but I would say that all of the financial regulators were unable to respond to the crisis. So I don't think it was particularly a unique situation in NCUA, and I am not sure just allowing budgets to be produced without any public accountability or with public knowledge fixes the problem.    Mr. Kupiec. I just think it is a good idea to move forward, to put the regulatory agencies on notice that you do expect the rules to reflect the risk profile. And I can't see why this isn't a good idea.    Mr. Kupiec. Limitation. So in terms of the--    Mr. Kupiec. I think they have a revenue stream, so I am not sure of the size of their budget relative to their revenue stream at the moment.    But in terms of the FSOC and the OFR, this notion that they are independent is insane, as far as I can tell, because the Secretary of the Treasury is the head of the FSOC. And the head of the OFR has an office in the Treasury and meets with the Secretary of the Treasury all the time. I don't know how that would be considered independent in any world that I am aware of.    So this whole notion that they are completely independent of politics and their budget must be completely independent of politics doesn't make any sense to me. They are part of the political system, very much so, and the notion that their budget should be outside the regular government appropriations is strange to me.    My understanding is the proposed bill would not affect the way that financial institutions have to fund the OFR, but it would affect how much of those resources the OFR were allowed to spend, it would be subject to the normal congressional process. And I don't see why they have any particular role or are absolved from politics in any way at all and shouldn't be subject to the congressional budgetary process and oversight.    Mr. Kupiec. I am mostly familiar with OFR studies that they put out and comment on them, and many of them have been very political in nature. And I think part of the reaction in this bill is, in fact, that before an OFR study becomes final, that people should be able to weigh in and claim foul if they think the OFR is producing political research instead of dispassionate research. And I think that is my opinion about the reaction to this, and it is exactly because the OFR and the FSOC are not independent agencies.    Mr. Kupiec. I agree with Mr. Ireland. The FSOC meetings, there is a closed portion and sometimes an open portion that is available for the public. I am not aware if the law requires them to be announced ahead of time or not. I am not that familiar with the details of that part of it.    Mr. Kupiec. I agree with your statements. It makes a whole lot of sense that the $15 billion is changed not to reflect a given date in the past.    Mr. Kupiec. Yes. Thank you.    The tendency for a large bank, the examination and regulation of the largest banks, is really to adopt a very data-intensive approach where you have large databases and comb through the data and use models and apply all kinds of fancy statistical techniques which may or way not work. But we have a tendency to like to do that in the largest institutions, to create very complex regulations.    And this permeates down through the examination team of examiners. If you want to move up in the world, you want to be a big bank examiner, not a small bank examiner. And what is the best way to do that? You try to learn what the big bank examiners are doing, and you try to impose it on the banks you are examining so that you get experience in the field, you get recognized.    I think it is a natural problem with the system. And then it starts imposing more and more data requirements, more and more data processing, the need for more and more vendor models, all kinds of things for small banks that probably really aren't necessary and don't have a benefit.    So that is my experience working in a bank examination agency.    Mr. Kupiec. I think what Mr. Stanley says is technically correct. There are lots of places in the law that differentiate between the size of the institutions. However, there is never a clean break between a certain size and another size. It depends on the business practices and what kinds of loans they are making and what kind of area it is. There are all kinds of considerations.    And I think the TAILOR Act speaks more to a duty and requirement of the regulators to pay attention to these differences, whereas the very sharp limits in the current law are really not up to the task of differentiating between risk profile and the best public interest of what is really required.    Mr. Kupiec. No, I support the law.    There is another issue here that the Fed is considering Level 2B treatment, which is pretty limiting. You are only allowed to count 50 percent of the market value of the bond and only up to 15 percent of your total LCR requirement.    So the Fed's proposal, which they haven't put out any final information on, they just put out a notice of proposed rulemaking, would still limit muni treatment for those that satisfy at least Level 2B criteria to Level 2B. But there are many muni bonds and State bonds that satisfy Level 2A criteria, and the bill under consideration would require the regulators to recognize those liquidity characteristics. I do not.    I think the LCR rule has a lot of issues with it. It is causing a lot of difficulties in a lot of places, including large banks not wanting to take deposits anymore. So I think that it certainly is a rule that merits some attention from Congress, and I think this is a good idea.    Mr. Kupiec. My understanding is that the public comments on the rule have done analysis and identified many State municipal bonds that are more liquid than the corporate bonds that are given Level 2B treatment now. So the answer is that you can distinguish, and I think they should include them.    Mr. Kupiec. No, I don't think they have been.    Mr. Kupiec. I think any process where you can impose new sweeping regulations with no justifiable cause creates two problems. It could create the impression that the government has decided that these nonbank SIFIs are truly too-big-to-fail and they will get special assistance should they get into trouble. The people who passed Dodd-Frank say, no, that would never happen. I disagree. I think it creates a class of institutions that are identified as being different and more important than the other institutions, which isn't a good idea.    And the other thing is the extra regulations involved are costly and problematic. MetLife has spent huge resources trying to defend itself against this case. The FSOC has the unlimited resources of all the agencies on board, including the New York Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Board and their staff of economists, to create arguments and ideas, and MetLife has to defend itself against that. It is tremendously expensive.    Mr. Kupiec. Definitely not. One of the unfortunate aspects of SIFI designation is we are designating nonbank SIFIs before there are any rules or regulations that have been written to suggest how they are going to be regulated. What is the regulation that is actually needed by their SIFI designation? We are designating them first, and there is no standard for regulation that has been put out yet.    Another issue that is significant is that in Section 600 in the Dodd-Frank Act, there is a power that gives the Federal Reserve Board the right to draft prompt corrective action rules for the components of designated SIFIs. So the Federal Reserve Board, right now there is--prompt corrective action applies to banks. There is no prompt corrective action per se by any Federal regulator for an insurance company, or for a broker-dealer. The SEC has rights there. But one of the sections of the Dodd-Frank Act gives the Federal Reserve Board the power to draft prompt corrective action rules over these nonbank SIFIs it regulates.    So it comes back to Ollie's point of what expertise does the Federal Reserve Board have in exercising prompt corrective action rules and judgments over things that it really hasn't regulated over time?    Mr. Kupiec. I have one comment on H.R. 2209. I would also recommend that the committee consider Level 2A and 2B treatment, that the ones that qualify for 2A as the bill is written should be allowed as 2A. I don't understand why you wouldn't also want things that qualify as Level 2B assets to be recognized as Level 2B assets. If they meet the standard, why not recognize them?    Mr. Kupiec. Yes. First of all, I am not going to comment on your comparison of the FSOC to a Soviet-style agency. I will leave that one alone.    The FSOC is not an independent agency. It is chaired by the Secretary of the Treasury, who is--I think he works for the President, last time I checked. The head of the OFR has an office in the Treasury, meets with the Secretary of the Treasury by his own volition all the time in regular meetings. It is essentially functioning as a research arm of the Treasury. I do not see this as an independent agency the way it is run, so I think this argument of independence holds no water.    And I share your concern about this notion that some of the banking agencies' budgets should be completely off limits from public scrutiny because they have to be independent. I think they work for the public. The public has a right to know things about the budget and what things cost, and I think that is all part of the process.    Mr. Kupiec. I think the independence argument is kind of a bogus argument. I think what the bill would do would be to put the OFR budget under oversight and supervision where it belongs. The Congress would have a say. I do not think, since the OFR budget funds the FSOC, the notion is somehow this would squeeze the FSOC's budget. I very much doubt that. And for one reason, the FSOC is staffed in large part by staff of places like the Federal Reserve Board and the New York Fed who can second people there and pay them Federal Reserve Board salaries and Federal Reserve Board benefits.    So the FSOC is not going to be starved for talent by this. It is merely the process that government agencies should be put under. Congress should appropriate their budgets. My understanding is that the assessments would still accumulate. It is just that Congress would decide how much of those they can spend and for what reasons through a process, a give-and-take process. So I don't really see a big problem with it. I think it is a big step forward.    Mr. Kupiec. Of these seven?    Mr. Kupiec. I wouldn't have all of them off the top of my head, right? So--    Mr. Kupiec. Yes, I would, and I think the bills asking for relief, or requiring relief, are fully appropriate.    Mr. Kupiec. I think they are telling you the truth.    Mr. Kupiec. No. I think if you set a specific criteria that the liquidity of the asset has to meet to qualify as a Level 1, Level 2A, or 2B asset, if they meet those requirements, they ought to be counted.    And I would differ a little bit. The Federal Reserve is the only agency that has actually made a movement towards including some municipal bonds, so I think they are ahead of the rest of the regulatory agencies in at least realizing the problem.    But I think the bill points in the right direction. If they qualify, if they have all the characteristics of a Level 2A asset, why aren't you counting them as a Level 2A asset? And I would add, if another segment of them qualifies as Level 2B, then count them as Level 2B.    Mr. Kupiec. The Federal Reserve rule would apply to any Federal Reserve bank that they supervise and holding companies. And so it would apply at the holding company level, whereas the OCC would apply at the bank level. So you might have a situation where if the rules don't all agree, the bank might have to have a different set of liquid assets than would count at the holding company level, which would just be unnecessarily complex.    So I think it is better that the rules all agree, which is why this bill is also important. It tells all the agencies to come with this solution, and I think it is the right one.    Mr. Kupiec. So we can compare across companies, if they are comparable.    Mr. Kupiec. Sure. You want every yardstick to have the same length, yes.    Mr. Kupiec. I think it makes a lot of sense to have one rule, yes.    Mr. Kupiec. I think, historically, one of the features of the mortgage business in the United States has been its ability to sort of expand quickly when it needs to and contract quickly when it needs to. Mortgage banking is--the business is volatile. And this may or may not be a good thing, but sometimes real estate is more in fashion than others, and these people need to change jobs and move States. And my understanding of the law is, in order to be under this 120-day grace period or however you may improve that in the new bill, that you actually have to be on the national registry.    Mr. Kupiec. And consumers would have access to your information on that registry while you were waiting for your new license.    So to the extent that the information is for consumer protection, my sense of this is that the consumers would have access to that underwriter's originator's information on the national registry.    Mr. Kupiec. I think the issue is that the Federal Housing Finance Agency has issued rules about how large the mortgage activity has to be in an institution before you can gain Federal Home Loan Bank membership and be able to use Federal Home Loan Bank loans pledging collateral. And I think this bill, there is a carve-out, I believe, for small banks under a billion dollars, and I think the new rulemaking by the Federal Housing Finance Agency would not allow credit unions to have the same access to the Federal Home Loan Bank as small banks. And I think my impression is this rule just kind of levels that playing field, so that if a small bank had access to the Federal Home Loan Bank, then a credit union would have access too if they are under a billion dollars.    Mr. Kupiec. No, I think credit unions are appropriately, if they do mortgage business and they have mortgage collateral, I think the Home Loan Bank, that is their mission, to provide liquidity. And in a lot of places, credit unions are becoming more and more important. We heard earlier that they gave some of the members their mortgages, and I think small credit unions would benefit from accessing the consumers as well.    Mr. Kupiec. I think if you had a credit union, and it was a member of the Home Loan Bank and it had loans from the Home Loan Bank, and for some reason during the year its business activity, its membership didn't want the loans or the mortgage loans that would meet the limit, they would--I think they have 2 years, it actually has to be an average over 2 years--but if the membership stopped providing a service, even though the Federal Home Loan Bank lending may have been an important part of funding the credit union, they could face being cut out of the Home Loan Bank access.    Mr. Kupiec. In my preparation, I looked back at the old laws, and there is a 1999 amendment to the Federal Home Loan Bank law that for the community investment institutions, there was a $500 million cap and it was indexed to inflation. And so there is that limit, but I think the limit that this particular bill is trying to address is one that is being imposed by a proposed Federal Housing Finance Agency regulation and not a Federal Home Loan Bank legal rule.