    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank the witnesses for your help today.    I have my doubts about how well-prepared we are. Back in 2010 we had the flash crash, of course, and the market plummeted 600 points in a couple of minutes and then it came right back up. And we did a full study, the CFTC and the SEC, and they told us it was a firm here in the United States, and it was a result of certain trading patterns from that firm.    And then last month, so that was the story they had been giving the Financial Services Committee for the past 4 years. And then they did a further analysis in April of this year. They came out and said that was all wrong. It was actually a fellow named Sarao, a U.K. trader, who was spoofing and doing thousands and thousands of trades. So we had this whole narrative of 4 years about what they found was the problem with the system, and it was all hogwash. And finally 4 years later we find out--we think we find out what the real story is.    So I am just very skeptical that we have a good and strong assessment about the weaknesses in our financial services electronic trading and commerce in general.    Am I wrong in being suspect of the handle that at least the CFTC and the SEC have on all of this?    Mr. Healey?    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Lynch. Yes. I actually want to compliment the Chair of this subcommittee and the Chair of the full Financial Services Committee. We have been calling for these hearings just to look at cybersecurity for a little while, and they have been very responsive. This is the second hearing we have had in a couple of weeks.    Is there--I do want to talk about the financial services part of this, though. That is the one that we are principally involved in. And is there a moral hazard in the way we are handling this? Have we incentivized companies, especially JPMorgan Chase and others who have the reputational risk if their system is compromised?    Have we really--it seems like, with the Target hack and JPMorgan and others where you have had social security numbers compromised widely, there hasn't been a lot of downside for them other than the fact that some of their investors are probably worried about their personal information?    Mr. Bentsen?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. My time has expired. I yield back.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.