    Mrs. Wagner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you all for being here. I would like to quickly associate myself with my colleague across the aisle from Georgia, Mr. Scott, about this very misguided Administration's rule-laying by the Department of Labor, on fiduciary issues. I would encourage you all to speak to the President and his team on this issue, too. He did not seem interested in my concerns last night at the Christmas party.    I am particularly interested in knowing the role that the international forum, known as the Financial Stability Board, has played with regard to decisions about domestic matters made by FSOC. Due to the non-transparent nature in which FSOC conducts its business, it can cause one to question, I think, whether our U.S. regulators are really fighting on behalf of the interests of the United States of America when they are at the international negotiating table, or whether they are simply letting international counterparts make important decisions for us.    Mr. Woodall, in your dissent to the Prudential SIFI designation, you made the point that the international and domestic designation processes are not entirely separate and distinct. Specifically, sir, you noted that an unnamed U.S. national authority agreed to the international designation of Prudential before the company's determination before FSOC. Could you please be specific and elaborate, who is that? The national authority?    Mrs. Wagner. Yes. And who is the unnamed authority that agreed to the international designation of Prudential before the company's hearing and final determination before FSOC?    Mrs. Wagner. Before their hearing, before their final determination before FSOC, Treasury--if I understand your testimony--let them know that they had been designated.    Mrs. Wagner. This seems questionable. As you stated, the U.S. representatives on the FSB--Treasury, the Fed, and the FCC--are not insurance regulators, as has been pointed out by so many of my colleagues. Nor are they necessarily Phi Beta Kappas from Kentucky.    Meanwhile, the FSB's membership is dominated by banking regulators who know little about the insurance industry. Does it concern you that those regulators are the only U.S. representatives in the room when decisions are made about insurance issues, sir?    Mrs. Wagner. Thank you. Given the sequencing of FSB designations, and then later FSOC's SIFI designations, how can U.S.-based insurers be confident that their designations are the result of a domestic decision, rather than an international process that isn't accountable to the U.S. policymakers like us?    Mrs. Wagner. They are not. They are not accountable to U.S. policymakers. Thank you. Can you describe what attention or consideration FSOC gives to designations by the FSB?    Mrs. Wagner. Do you believe that your colleagues would feel comfortable disagreeing with a decision, or challenging a decision made by the Fed, the Treasury, and the FCC at the Financial Stability's Board?    Mrs. Wagner. Absolutely, it is an ad hoc group. Do you believe--    Mrs. Wagner. Do you believe that your colleagues would vote to de-designate any of the insurance companies, if such companies were still designated by the FSB?    Mrs. Wagner. One last question. Since everyone has said that they--I don't have much time left--rely on FSOC's staff for info, is there a memo or analysis that is distributed to members before a vote? Who writes this? Is it Treasury? Is it the Fed? Would you allow the committee to view any of these documents?    Mrs. Wagner. Thank you, sir.