    Chairman Hensarling. The Committee on Financial Services will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the committee at any time.    Today's hearing is entitled, ``Oversight of the Financial Stability Oversight Council.'' Today, we have 8 of its 10 voting members as witnesses. Secretary Lew testified, according to statute, earlier in the year, and Chair Yellen has regrettably declined to give testimony today.    I now recognize myself for 3 minutes to give an opening statement. Financial regulators possessed every regulatory power to prevent the 2008 financial crisis, but failed to do so. Yet, Washington rewarded them with vast new sweeping powers over our lives and our economy. Nowhere is that more evident than in the Dodd-Frank Act's Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC), whose members, again, save two, sit before us today.    FSOC is clearly one of the most powerful Federal entities ever to exist. Unfortunately, it is also one of the least transparent and least accountable.    First, the Council's power is concentrated in the hands of one political party, the one that happens to control the White House. All but one of its members is the presidentially-appointed head of an agency, but interestingly the agencies themselves are not members, thus denying bipartisan representation. This structure clearly injects partisan politics into the regulatory process. It erodes agency independence and harms accountability.    Furthermore, FSOC's budget is not subject to congressional approval, removing yet another check and balance to its immense power. FSOC has earned bipartisan condemnation for its lack of transparency. Two-thirds of its proceedings are conducted in private. Minutes of those meetings are devoid of any useful substantive information on what was discussed.    Dennis Kelleher, the CEO of the left-leaning Better Markets, has said, ``FSOC's proceedings make the Politburo look open by comparison. At the few open meetings they had, they snap their fingers and it is over. They are all scripted. They treat their information as if it were state secrets.''    Of all the Council's activities, none generates more controversy than its designation of non-bank financial institutions as systemically important financial institutions, or SIFIs, by acronym.    Designation anoints institutions as too-big-to-fail, meaning today's SIFI designations are tomorrow's taxpayer-funded bailouts. Designation also ominously grants the Federal Reserve near de facto management authority over such institutions, thus allowing huge swathes of the economy to potentially be controlled by the Federal Government.    Members of the Council can merely raise the prospect of a SIFI designation and thereby eliminate entrepreneurial risk-taking, innovation, and growth from our economy. As a result, Americans may find themselves paying more to insure their homes and families. Investors who relied on mutual funds to save for their children's education or their own retirement will find they have earned less.    In addition to SIFI designations, FSOC is charged with identifying emerging threats to our financial stability, but refuses to look in the mirror. In its latest annual report, it conspicuously omits any references to specific government policies or agencies as helping to cause the systemic risk it identifies: ``Greater risk-taking across the financial system is encouraged by an historically low yield environment,'' the Council reports. Yet, the Council refuses to identify the obvious source of this apparent risk: the Fed's unprecedented loose monetary policy.    The Council warns of reduced liquidity in the capital bond markets, yet never acknowledges that Dodd-Frank's Volcker Rule and other regulations have drastically reduced liquidity. The Council lists risk-taking in large, complex interconnected financial institutions as a threat, yet again, it fails to mention that Dodd-Frank amplifies the threat by empowering the Council to designate certain firms as too-big-to-fail.    FSOC typifies not only the shadow regulatory system, but also the unfair Washington system that Americans have come to fear and loathe: powerful government administrators; secretive government meetings; arbitrary rules; and unchecked power to punish. Thus, oversight and reform is paramount.    I yield back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, the chairman of our Capital Markets Subcommittee, Mr. Garrett, for 1 minute.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Ms. Waters. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the distinguished members of the Council for joining us for this hearing.    We gather today to examine the activities of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, or FSOC, which, since the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act, has fulfilled its mandate to monitor and respond to the types of systemic risks that nearly brought our economy to its knees in 2008.    This important work cuts across every corner of our banking, capital markets, housing, and insurance sectors. Which is why Congress specifically designed the Council to draw on all of the expertise of the witnesses here before us today.    Unfortunately, many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle seem to have caught a convenient case of amnesia about this important mandate.    Indeed, it was only 7 short years ago that our economy lost nearly $16 trillion in household wealth, $13 trillion in economic growth, and 9 million jobs.    In large part, this was because our regulators were too often caught in silos not communicating with one another and not considering gaps between their agencies or interconnectedness within the financial sector. Even worse, we saw too many cases where regulators were captured by the very entities they were meant to police.    Many of these lessons appear to be forgotten, as we have seen with recent markups, as well as attempts to laden government funding bills with poison pill riders. Some opponents of Dodd-Frank are far too focused on dismantling Wall Street reform by attacking core elements like the FSOC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.    These attempts to roll back Dodd-Frank started the minute this reform was signed into law, and make no mistake, these attempts continue today, even as our economy has experienced a remarkable rebound with 6 to 9 straight months of positive job numbers, GDP growth, and a housing market where sustainable access to credit continues to expand, all of which are signs pointing to the sort of stability and growth that the law was designed to promote.    FSOC has contributed to this growth and stability by convening the 10 component regulatory agencies for periodic information-sharing about emerging risk and reporting on those risks to the public. Further, the Council has now designated four institutions for enhanced supervision by the Federal Reserve. This designation will ensure that companies like AIG never again are able to engage in risky, unregulated activity that could threaten the entire global economy.    And far from the talking points of some members on the opposite side of the aisle, this enhanced oversight is now causing some large non-bank financial companies to consider whether simplifying their structures and breaking themselves up might provide better value to their shareholders.    I am also encouraged that the money market fund industry is now less susceptible to bank lack runs as a result of the pressure the FSOC brought to overcome gridlock at the Securities and Exchange Commission.    Finally, I appreciate that the Council has made an effort to conduct this work in a manner that is responsive to feedback from Congress and outside stakeholders. For example, with this announcement in February, the FSOC took the step of voluntarily agreeing to certain due process and transparency measures that will further serve to improve their operations. This type of dialogue and openness to feedback should be applauded.    As we hear from the voting members of the Council today, I will be interested to learn more about their interagency collaboration and their work to address emerging threats. Again, this work is central to preventing the types of contagion and risk that nearly crashed Main Street just 7 years ago.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee, for 1 minute.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back.    We will now turn to our panel. Today, we welcome the testimony of the Honorable Mary Jo White, Chair of the Securities and Exchange Commission; the Honorable Timothy Massad, Chairman of the Commodities Futures Trading Commission; the Honorable Roy Woodall, Jr., the FSOC's independent member with insurance experience; the Honorable Debbie Matz, Chairwoman of the National Credit Union Administration; and an especially warm welcome to our former colleague, the Honorable Mel Watt, Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency; the Honorable Martin Gruenberg, Chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; the Honorable Richard Cordray, Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau; and last but not least, the Honorable Thomas Curry, the Comptroller of the Currency.    Since all of our witnesses have previously testified before Congress, I believe they need no further introduction. Without objection, your written statements will be made a part of the record by agreement with the ranking member. Each of you will be recognized for 3 minutes to give an oral presentation of your testimony.    Chair White, you are now recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. Chairman Massad, you are now recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. Mr. Woodall, you are now recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. Chairwoman Matz, you are now recognized for your testimony.    Chairman Hensarling. Director Watt, you are now recognized for your testimony.    Chairman Hensarling. Chairman Gruenberg, you are now recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. Director Cordray, you are now recognized for your testimony.    Chairman Hensarling. And Comptroller Curry, you are now recognized for your testimony.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes for questions.    By a show of hands, how many of you have any professional experience in the private insurance industry? Please raise your hand. I see two, Mr. Woodall and Ms. White. Let the record reflect that.    How many of you have had experience in regulating insurance companies? By a show of hands, please raise your hand. Let the record reflect that only Mr. Woodall raised his hand.    Mr. Woodall, as FSOC's independent member having insurance experience, you dissented in both the MetLife and Prudential SIFI designation. In your dissent to the designation of MetLife, you wrote, ``It confounds me that much of the Council and staff continue to misunderstand and mischaracterize the insurance regulatory framework.'' You went on to say that FSOC's analysis ``relies on implausible, contrived scenarios as well as failures to appreciate fundamental aspects of insurance and annuity products and, importantly, State insurance regulation and the framework of the McCarran-Ferguson Act.'' Do you still stand by those comments?    Chairman Hensarling. Mr. Woodall, what are the implications of designating a traditional insurance company as a SIFI, since they are under State-based regulations? Will we have a duplicate regulatory system? Do you believe those costs could be imposed upon policyholders and insurance company investors?    In other words, what is the harm in designating a traditional insurance company as a SIFI?    Chairman Hensarling. Chairwoman Matz, prior to voting to designate Prudential as a SIFI, did you make inquiries, or request any type of economic analysis on what this designation could mean to insurance policyholders? Was that part of your decision-making process?    Chairman Hensarling. It was not. Do you believe it should have been?    Chairman Hensarling. Under Section 113(a)(2) of Dodd-Frank, there are 11 different factors you are to consider in making your designation. With respect to the Prudential decision, to what extent did the leverage of the company play a role in your decision to designate it a SIFI?    Chairman Hensarling. I'm sorry. Briefed by whom?    Chairman Hensarling. So does the NCUA staff have expertise in insurance company leverage? What was the specific leverage of Prudential that caused you concern?    Chairman Hensarling. And specifically, which activities were interwoven that concerned you?    Chairman Hensarling. But I asked you about the leverage.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair's time has expired. The Chair recognizes the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Ms. Waters. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Garrett, chairman of our Capital Markets Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Ms. Velazquez.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Neugebauer, chairman of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Hinojosa.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. Time.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes another gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, ranking member of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Huizenga, chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Mrs. Maloney, ranking member of our Capital Markets Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Duffy, chairman of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Lucas.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlemen has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Stivers.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, ranking member of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Hultgren.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Ohio, Mrs. Beatty.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Ross.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Washington, Mr. Heck.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico, Mr. Pearce.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back. The Chair wishes to alert all Members that there is currently one procedural vote on the Floor. There are 11 minutes remaining in that vote.    I will recognize the gentlelady from Missouri. Members may want to go vote and come back. And then after the gentlelady from Missouri, we will recess briefly for the vote. The gentlelady from Missouri is recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired. The committee will now recess for the vote pending on the House Floor. The Chair expects the recess to last approximately 10 minutes. The committee will reconvene immediately after the vote. The committee stands in recess.    Chairman Hensarling. Members will take their seats.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Delaware, Mr. Carney.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Rothfus.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Ellison.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Schweikert.    Chairman Hensarling. I'm sorry. Will the gentleman suspend?    I wish to alert Members that regrettably there is yet another procedural vote on the Floor. I think we are drawing near to the end of the hearing so if Members who have yet to ask questions wish to go vote now and return, I think we can keep this thing going, except for Mr. Tipton, who is next. So if Members wish to go vote and return quickly.    I am sorry to interrupt the gentleman. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized again.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Hill.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Utah, Mrs. Love.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Emmer.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. Members are advised there is another procedural vote on the Floor, with approximately 12 minutes remaining in the vote. We have three Members remaining in the queue, one who has left to go vote on the Floor, so I think we can get through this, and hopefully adjourn thereafter.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Meeks.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes.