    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your holding this series of hearings. And I want to welcome all of our witnesses.    To the Under Secretary and to Administrator McBride, I want to reiterate what a number of folks have said here about the importance of the services for economic development in rural areas. About \1/3\ of the population of my district is in rural areas, and your work has had a tremendous impact on promoting and, in some instances, stabilizing economic development that might not take place but for your help.    One of those areas, Administrator McBride, is the issue of rural broadband services. It is very, very important, but also has to be done very, very delicately. This is not like originally delivering telephone services or rural electrification where it was either there or it wasn't there. In the old monopoly days where there was either one phone company providing services or there was no phone company providing services, that was a fairly easy call. But today, broadband services are provided from a multitude of different sources, and you can inadvertently destroy existing competition by providing government subsidies to entities that enter the marketplace, not to provide strictly new service to an area that doesn't have any, but also to make their business more profitable and go into areas where there is already competition. Tell me, how are you handling that and how is it working?    Mr. Goodlatte. What is happening in the other 85 percent?    Mr. Goodlatte. What kind of complaints have you received from some of those existing providers who may be, for example, providing what had historically been broadband services, but as these speeds increase and increase and increase, it no longer is, and now there is the subsidy for a new competitor coming in?    Mr. Goodlatte. Is there any effort to balance this out? So if an existing provider comes in and says, well, you just gave this financing to this company that come in and provide this service, what opportunity do they have to get loans in order to upgrade their services to be competitive?    Mr. Goodlatte. What if they didn't want to go into the 15 percent new file, they just wanted to be able to compete with somebody that you subsidized to compete with them?    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, could they qualify if they didn't have that 15 percent requirement?    Mr. Goodlatte. Should there be an exception for these type of circumstances where you have let a new entrant into the market, they are competing very effectively in an already existent marketplace to the disadvantage of people who used private capital to invest in that same area?    Mr. Goodlatte. I am just asking your opinion, I am not asking you to make the decision.    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me ask you one other subject area with regard to rural electricity. How will the President's Clean Power Plan affect your loan portfolio?    Mr. Goodlatte. Do you not have any concerns that some of the loans that you have outstanding may be jeopardized by the massive change in this policy?    Mr. Goodlatte. So you are going to put us off?    Mr. Goodlatte. All right. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. Mr. King, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to welcome this panel as well. Under Secretary Avalos, as USDA marketing orders fall under your authority, I am sure you are aware how very different our dairy and specialty crop markets are today than they were in 1937 when the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act was passed. As evidenced by the recent Horne case in which the Supreme Court ruled against USDA and aspects of the Raisin Marketing Order, farmers are increasingly doubtful about the utility of these antiquated programs.    I am sure that marketing orders will gain even more scrutiny now that the USDA is in the midst of considering California's bid for a Federal Milk Marketing Order. Therefore, considering that the California dairy industry represents 20 percent of all U.S. milk production, it is obvious that California's entry into the Federal system will deeply impact dairy markets nationwide. Can you give us a summary of the impact of such an Order on the rest of the country, and have you taken steps to analyze the impact of everyday consumers?    Mr. Goodlatte. And would one of you answer my question, which was, can you give us a summary of the impact that such an Order, meaning the California Dairy Marketing Order, will have on the rest of the country? And have you taken steps to analyze the impact on everyday consumers?    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me interrupt you because my time is expiring. Mr. Chairman, if I might ask one more question as follow-up. After the Supreme Court issued the Horne decision, the USDA amended general regulations for Federal fruit, vegetable, and specialty crop marketing agreements and marketing orders to accentuate that antitrust laws do apply to these marketing order programs. Could you explain why the Federal Milk Marketing Orders were not covered under this same final rule?    Mr. Goodlatte. Pretty glaring if you change the marketing orders in several other areas, fruit, vegetable, specialty crops, but you don't change it from milk, there has to be a reason why milk was left out.    Mr. Goodlatte. We are talking about something different than California now. We are talking about all Federal Milk Marketing Orders.    Mr. Goodlatte. When will you be able to do that by?    Mr. Goodlatte. That would be fine.