    Ms. Castor. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this important hearing, and I want to thank all of our expert witnesses who are here today for everything that you do to keep American families healthy and safe.    So many of my neighbors across the State of Florida, and the Gulf Coast, and Puerto Rico are very concerned with the impacts of the Zika virus. We want our states and our communities to be well prepared and we want to better understand the impacts of the virus.    In Florida, CDC has confirmed the Zika case count is now up to 44 cases. All of these cases are travel-related, so there are no locally-acquired cases in Florida. Overwhelmingly, people who have traveled to Brazil and Latin America to visit family and friends, or travel on business or for pleasure have contracted the virus and have brought it back. Fortunately, the Zika symptoms are not severe but there is a great concern for emerging evidence to support the association between Zika and microcephaly in infants born to mothers who contracted the Zika virus during pregnancy.    I'm also especially concerned with the American citizens in Puerto Rico because we now have 117 confirmed cases. It is the most affected area in the United States, and the CDC predicts a sharp rise. Again, family and friends who travel back and forth from Puerto Rico to the U.S. want to know what the impacts are and how they can be better prepared, especially as spring and summer approach. That's going to bring larger and more active mosquito populations. The U.S. must be prepared to quickly address local transmission within Puerto Rico, the Gulf Coast, and the entire United States.    I'm also particularly concerned with the weakening of our public health infrastructure across the country. After the Great Recession, I saw very significant cuts in the State of Florida, but Florida is not alone. We have those cuts and weakenings to public health departments and public health infrastructure. And I think Ebola was something of a wake-up call, but the Zika virus and other viruses, diseases, we've got to be better prepared. I agree with Chairman Murphy, a much more robust prevention strategy would be in our best interest.    For the Zika virus, addressing the crisis requires a multidimensional response, including accelerating the research, development, and procurement of vaccines and diagnostics, providing emergency assistance to states. Thank you, CDC, for what you've done in responding quickly to the State of Florida's request, and we've got to enhance our surveillance capacity.    Thank you, again. I look forward to your testimony. I yield back.    Ms. Castor. Thank you. The Zika outbreak began in Brazil nearly a year ago, and it's rapidly spread across the Americas. I'm very concerned by the virus' recent arrival in Puerto Rico and its rapid spread there. News reports earlier this week said there are well over 100 confirmed cases of Zika in Puerto Rico, and that the number is almost sure to rise over the next few weeks.    Dr. Frieden, can you give us an update on the situation in Puerto Rico? What should we expect to see there in the coming weeks? And then could you go into greater detail on the current diagnostic tools in Puerto Rico, and whether or not they differ in Brazil and across the Americas?    Ms. Castor. Dr. Fauci, Dr. Borio, do you want to add anything on the diagnostics?    Ms. Castor. Thank you. And, Dr. Frieden, Puerto Rico has seen recent outbreaks of other related infectious diseases in Puerto Rico. What have those outbreaks taught us about Puerto Rico's public health infrastructure and its capacity to respond?    Ms. Castor. I understand that the FDA has issued guidance on blood donation calling on blood banks in areas where Zika is locally transmitted to import blood from regions without an outbreak, instead of using local donations. Dr. Borio, what does that mean for Puerto Rico? Does it affect their ability to provide medical care to their residents?    Ms. Castor. Well, I note that the President's emergency budget request includes $225 million for grants in technical assistance for Puerto Rico and other U.S. territories facing Zika outbreaks. Is that going to get to the heart of the matter?    Ms. Castor. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Castor. In fact, Mr. Chairman, there was recently a map published in the national newspaper and it had Florida in bright red, so it's definitely gotten everyone's attention, so this is very timely. Thank you.    Ms. Castor. Thank you. Well, thank you all very much. In addition to the previous panel, you all have really given everyone a wake-up call about what has to be done. And I'm more convinced than ever that we've got to move this supplemental appropriation, and it can't get bogged down in the typical congressional budget battles. We need to move it as quickly as possible.    And, Dr. Gostin, I wanted to thank you for emphasizing the moral imperative for the Congress to act quickly. And Dr. Hotez, I think you're absolutely right to raise the issue of Haiti right now and the consequences because there hasn't been much discussion about Haiti. And I think they are particularly at risk. I think we can do better in mobilizing the international aid community and religious community that have so many initiatives there.    I want to focus back on pregnant women because it appears that the impact and the connection to microcephaly came as something of an unwelcomed surprise. Dr. Sheffield, you've been very involved in drafting the guidelines for the CDC, the Society of Maternal-Fetal Medicine, and ACOG. Can you go into greater detail on the science and what we know?    Ms. Castor. What's going on here? With other infectious diseases in maternal health, what--are there any other diseases where we've seen similar impacts to the fetus or child that would develop microcephaly?    Ms. Castor. OK. So we're going to need extensive research on all that, and that is just starting. Is that right?    Ms. Castor. Is that how you would characterize it? So let's drill down on the recommendations for maternal health. Because in the Western Hemisphere, as Dr. Hotez says, we are so interconnected, Florida to Brazil, and Latin America and Colombia, and Puerto Rico, to Mexico, to Haiti. It's just millions and millions of families, travelers where you're just not going to be able to talk about travel bans of things like that, so you've got to give folks the most constructive recommendations. So talk about citizens of the U.S. and Puerto Rico, what you're advising them right now if they are of childbearing age and intend to get pregnant?    Ms. Castor. Could you name those specific areas so that we have that?    Ms. Castor. The travel to.    Ms. Castor. But Brazil.    Ms. Castor. And it's not going to be a static list. That list is going to change.    Ms. Castor. Thank you.    Ms. Castor. Thank you very much.    In some of the countries experiencing outbreaks many do not have access to primary health services; that means limited access to family planning, as well. Dr. Hotez, it's fairly plain but would you explain to everyone why it is in the best interest of Americans and American families that we tackle the disease in Brazil, and in Puerto Rico, and other places in the Western Hemisphere?    Ms. Castor. Dr. Gostin.    Ms. Castor. So what should we be doing, what should the U.S. be doing to insure that women in these countries have access to family planning services during this crisis?    Ms. Castor. Dr. Sheffield, give us the practical advice of doctor to patient you would give on family planning in the impacted areas.    Ms. Castor. And then there's also been the discovery that Zika also poses a risk through sexual transmission, so it's not just women. We must also target communications and resources to men who may carry and spread the Zika virus. Dr. Sheffield, what guidance would you offer to men traveling to areas with active Zika transmission?    Ms. Castor. It's a very important message for the millions, and millions, and millions of our neighbors who travel across the Americas and in the Western Hemisphere, so thank you all very much for your testimony today.