    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding today's timely hearing on Russia and the Islamic extremists.    Since coming into power 15 years ago, Vladimir Putin has been committed to restoring Russia as a great power, shaping his policy to position Russia as a counterweight to the United States. We saw Putin flex his muscles in the annexation of Crimea last year and the subsequent fighting in Ukraine. Now Russia has shifted its attention to increased support for the Assad regime and an increased role in the Syrian conflict.    At the U.N. this week, Putin continued his talk of the importance of mounting a broad effort to support Assad as the only way to fight against the spread of the Islamic State. Russia's plan to combat Islamic extremists through the support of Assad and to strengthen its military presence in Syria directly contradicts with the U.S. diplomatic goals to have Assad transition out of power.    It is unclear whether Putin's motives in Syria and the Middle East are self-serving or stem from the growing concern over a large number of jihadist fighters from the North Caucasus fighting in Syria who could pose a serious problem for Moscow should they return to Russia.    Given that the U.S. and Russia are at a critical crossroads in conversations on how to best combat Islamic extremists, I look forward to hearing from our esteemed panel of witnesses on the possible outcomes and solutions to the current challenges.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sires. I will wait until we get back.    Mr. Sires. After you.    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, as I listened to your statements, I couldn't help but be a little bit confused in everything that was said here.    First, let me make an observation. You know, for the last few weeks we have been hearing about how the Syrian army has been weakened and how it looked like there was going to be defections and everything else. I really think that was a setup so that the Russians should come in and step in there in Syria. And now, today, I understand that the Russians bombed the Free--I wrote it down here--the Free Syrian Army post, but that wasn't ISIL.    So what does all of that mean? I mean, I assume that they were there to fight ISIL. Anybody? I guess I will get all three of your opinions since they were so diverse when you first gave your statements.    We will start with you.    Mr. Sires. Dr. Aron.    Mr. Sires. So in complete contrast to what people are claiming about us?    Mr. Sires. No, I am just saying.    Mr. Sires. What do you think?    Mr. Sires. But a coalition government, though, that would be in favor of Russia?    Mr. Sires. Okay. Somebody talk a little bit about the challenges that the Russians' military presence in Syria poses to the United States in terms of its conflict in Syria. What challenges do you see for us there?    Mr. Sires. Dr. Aron, what challenges do you think it poses to----    Mr. Sires. And do you agree or disagree?    Mr. Sires. So you don't think it poses any challenges to our efforts in Syria?    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sires. Some people.    Mr. Sires. Okay. Are you going to put that letter for the record?    Mr. Sires. Okay.    I am trying to associate the Ukraine with what is going on in Syria. And do you think it has anything to do with Putin's decision to go into Syria, the fact that now there is like a stalemate there?    Mr. Sires. We call it something else.    Mr. Sires. The price of oil has gone down.    Mr. Sires. Anybody else want to take a crack at that?    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.