    Mr. Byrne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning, Chairman Donovan and Members of the subcommittee. My name is Michael Byrne. I am the deputy regional administrator, and I am proud to be back here in New York as the Region II administrator, after serving as the Federal coordinating officer before in my time at the New York City Fire Department.    I would like to take this opportunity to share some best practices and lessons we learned from Sandy, and I will also address some changes made by Congress that we have integrated into those to promote resiliency and to expedite recovery from a disaster.    Thanks to new authorities given to us by Congress through the 2013 Sandy Recovery Improvement Act, or SRIA, we are now armed with more flexibility to implement our programs and to deliver Federal assistance; for example, in our Public Assistance Program, which provides funds to States and local governments and to eligible non-profits to cover debris removal, emergency work, and permanent repairs. To date, we have obligated over $14.5 billion in public assistance funding to New York and New Jersey. Thanks to the flexibility provided in SRIA and FEMA's internal commitment to make sure we emphasize resiliency, we have seen a significant increase in the project funding dedicated to mitigation. After Sandy, for every dollar that we spent to repair and restore, we spent an additional 34 to 85 cents to incorporate mitigation into these projects to improve resiliency, not just to build it back the way it was but to build it back stronger. This is a significant increase from past practices.    In one example, the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation received more than $1.7 billion for permanent repairs in critical building systems at Bellevue, Coler, Coney Island, and Metropolitan Hospitals. Metropolitan strikes a chord with me because that is where, when I was a kid growing up, that is where they took me to get patched up after various and sundry accidents. In this case, the Hospital Corporation received $755 million of the total for hazard mitigation. That is more than one-third of the total funding that went to building back stronger and better. This additional resilience will reduce the impact of future storms on these facilities that serve more than 1 million people every year.    Another disaster program, the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program, or HMGP, which is one of our core programs, has spent nearly $1 billion it obligated in New York and New Jersey. This includes $45 million for this very hospital we are in today, the Staten Island University Hospital campus. Its funding, in coordination with funding from HUD, will elevate the utility systems in the main building to mitigate against future floods.    Thanks to SRIA, we are also implementing advanced assistance funding. These funds allow us to give out funds on the front end to develop smarter mitigation plans and obtain data to prioritize and develop projects for the remaining funds to be used even more appropriately.    In our other program area, the Individual Assistance Program, which is direct funding to families that are impacted, we provided over $1.4 billion in assistance to nearly 180,000 individuals and households after Sandy. We worked closely with the city and State partners to set up mobile teams that went door-to-door to make sure survivors were reached and taken care of. I am proud to say it was FDNY's management team that led the effort and coordinated it, and we were proud to be a part of it. This approach has been codified in the way FEMA does business now to better protect survivors.    In April 2013, FEMA created the Disaster Survivor Assistance Program, and these DSA teams have the training and the technology not just to wait for the call but to go out to the communities, to register, do case updates, and refer clients to other support.    One of the biggest challenges in recovery is coordinating across State, Federal, and local government to make sure that we maximize the impact. In Sandy we established the New York-New Jersey Federal Leadership Collaborative which provides an unparalleled format for Federal partners to conduct comprehensive, region-wide planning and identify opportunities to leverage dollars. This type of enhanced Federal recovery coordination continues to be implemented post-Sandy.    We have also seen as an example increased collaboration amongst the departments and agencies for unified Federal review. We are required to do environmental and historic preservation reviews whenever we are using Federal funds, and 11 departments and agencies have signed a Memorandum of Understanding to share that information so that each of our departments can work in a more streamlined way and reduce the review and duplication of effort.    Sandy was one of the largest, most complex disasters we have responded to in the past decade. With the associated challenges came the opportunity to develop innovations and efficiencies, and we will continue to work with Congress and other partners to build more resilient communities before and after disaster.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Byrne. Yes, Mr. Chairman. First of all, we are working closely with the Corps on this. The Corps clearly understands what the threshold is to allow us to act. It is really what we call the 50/100 percent rule. It is 50 percent complete, 100 percent funded. The Corps is well aware of this. We are in regular contact with them on this, and we will take the actions that are appropriate once those two thresholds are met.    Mr. Byrne. We certainly recognize that. In fact, a program that you and Mr. Zarrilli pointed out, the Rapid Repair Program, is an example where we recognized that. We came into the city. We had our toolbox of ways that we dealt with transitional housing, and it just didn't work here. We had to come up with something innovative. We certainly pushed the edges of our authority to do so, and we are really proud of working with the city and the State that that was a success. We have to do something similar here with these issues.    The important thing about our programs when they are related to that type of hazard mitigation program is they are locally-driven. New York is really a grouping of neighborhoods, and each neighborhood has got to get involved in what the right solution for them will be, and that is how our programs are designed, that the local community gets a say, the State gets a say, and then we try to find the solution together.    Mr. Byrne. We recognize that, first of all, all these programs are designed to try to help, and that is our guiding light as we go into it. Early on in the disaster we tried to house all the organizations in the same place. Certainly we worked with the city. The city set up some locations, and we set up what we called Disaster Recovery Centers, where we will bring everybody together to try to make the process easier.    We do have, each of our agencies, responsibility to have internal controls, and to the extent that we can make those similar to make it easier, we are committed to doing so. One of the ways we do it, because one of the things that makes this a bit of a challenge is the privacy restrictions on people's personal information, we do have ways that, especially when it comes to working with non-profits, that we have what we call Routine Use Agreements, where our lawyers get together and they work out where we can share this information and that the people are OK with us sharing this information.    But there is certainly more work we could do. We are committed to doing that. We recognize that speed to target, speed to assistance is one of the greatest impacts of having a faster recovery, and we are committed to do what it takes to do that.    Mr. Byrne. Representative Payne, all of our programs have rigid guidelines of criteria for eligibility and for what types of things they can be spent on. There has to be loss when it comes to some of the areas that are impacted. Probably the program that we have that has the most flexibility for the State and local governments is the Hazard Mitigation Program where a portion, 25 cents on the dollar, is put into a pool and the State can have a look State-wide as to what their major risks are. That is not to say that there aren't still requirements, that there aren't still things that have to be looked at, there aren't still criteria that we evaluate regularly and routinely to make sure that we are getting the best bang for the buck.