    Mr. Long. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all for being here today.    Ms. Waxman, have you watched any of these videos, edited, unedited, whatever you want to call them, but the recent videos that have come out----    Mr. Long . At Planned Parenthood? I am sorry?    Mr. Long. Does it bother you to watch those?    Mr. Long. So it was disturbing to watch them.    Mr. Long. Yes. I would say you are right, because I didn't watch them today. I have watched them before. I was watching you. You have got a video monitor 90 degrees to your right, you have got a video monitor 90 degrees to your left, and you looked up once or twice.    Mr. Long. But it is disturbing to you is my point. I am not getting on you for not doing it. Some people can't watch them. They are very disturbing. So you are disagreeing with what I said?    Mr. Long. I am not trying to be argumentative at all. I don't know where you think I am going. You act like you are defensive, like I am trying to be----    Mr. Long. Yes. Sure. A lot of people do, and there is nothing wrong with that. I am not trying to trap you. I am not a lawyer. I don't play one on TV.    Mr. Long. I have got a friend that can't watch those videos either. And the reason--I know nothing about your background, but I do know his background--the reason he can't watch those videos is that when his mother became pregnant with him at a young age, her family, her friends told her to abort him, said that your life will be a lot better, you will have a very hard life if you carry this child to term. And thankfully she didn't listen to her family and her friends and people that told her to abort the child, and today he is a United States Congressman. He is not the one sitting before you. It is not my story. But he is a United States Congressman.    He says, ``I cannot watch these videos,'' he said, ``because when I watch them, I see myself. I see myself as that baby that my mom thought about aborting,'' and it is extremely upsetting to him. And I think that it is extremely upsetting to a lot of people.    And like I said, I am not trying to be argumentative with you, but I noticed, I was watching you as they were playing it, and you, as you admitted, you know, they are kind of tough to watch.    Mr. Long. Not yet. If I have time at the end, I will be glad for you to.    When I came up to this hearing, it has been a few hours ago now, but when I came up to this hearing the elevator door opened as we were getting on the elevator down on G3 to come up here to floor 1, and a lady--I didn't even focus on her, but she was pushing a baby carriage. And she had a screaming--I guarantee you, I am not a doctor, I don't know how old the kid was, but he was less than a month old, all red, screaming. The Congressman that got on with me, as she got off pushing her baby in the baby carriage, said that is the most beautiful sound in the world.    And I graduated high school in 1973. In 1973 Roe v. Wade came down, the ruling. And the people say: Oh, the pro-lifers are doing this for everything. I didn't understand abortion when I was a senior in high school when they ruled it legal at the Supreme Court. I still don't. I don't make any apologies for that. But seeing that young baby as we come into here, it just, you know, a few months ago, would have been OK to take that life. I make no apologies, but I don't understand that. And so when we have hearings like this, it is difficult for me.    I was at a luncheon today, Speaker Pelosi was there, Gene Green was there, the ranking member, his wife was there. It was the 23rd Annual Congressional Families Cancer Prevention Luncheon. I sat next to my daughter, who is 26 years old, that had her last chemotherapy treatment on August 10 of this year. She is doing great. She has a PET scan coming up here, and we think she is fine.    But to think of what people do to save themselves and to prevent cancer and to treat cancer once they have cancer and to fight for life, the emcee was Jennifer Griffin of Fox News, national security correspondent, 46 years old, I believe, breast cancer. The other lady, I can't call her name right this second, but a cook on TV, 49 years old. But when you see the emotion that the people in the room, Democrat, Republican, rallied together for the 23rd time, 23rd luncheon, to fight for life, it just, to me, it is just a real shame that it is OK to kill a child 3 months before it is born, but you kill it 3 months after it is born and you are going to go to jail. And I just, you know, I am sorry, but I don't get that.    There was a lady that had an opportunity to abort a United States Congressman, didn't do it. I don't know how many Congressmen have been aborted over the years, how many Senators, how many Presidents, how many brain surgeons, whatever. But those of us that people want to call us pro-life or whatever, we don't come to it because we are Republicans, we don't come to it for political reasons. Some of us just don't understand stopping a beating heart.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.