    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, really, just following up with everything that has been said previously, can you pinpoint to some extent--and I want to applaud you because you have the answer basically. I mean, you know what needs to be done. What is really getting in the way of doing that?    How much responsibility does Congress bear? What can we obviously do better? And you have cited the 6.4 accounts. I don't know whether in terms of other research and development, you know, be it DARPA , people are aware of what is done there. What else--where else can you drive this?    Mrs. Davis. General, did you want to speak to that?    General Williamson. Ma'am, I just want to talk a little bit about the flexibility, and I am going to use an example, of which hopefully it is not overly simplistic, but I just want to give you this example.    So this is not kinetic. So this is not about buying a new gun. But as I am progressing with a combat vehicle or even a tactical truck, and if I discover through some of the applied research or industry comes up with a better transmission, I am on the path where I am building a system. But a year into that, someone says: There is a great capability out there, a new transmission that will reduce fuel requirements by 50 percent. Because of the way we earmark--that is the wrong word for you. I apologize.    Mrs. Davis. Don't want to use that word here.    General Williamson. I apologize. But the way we identify how funding is going to be used, it will be a year before I can flex within my budget for that program to start doing integration work with that new engine.    Mrs. Davis. Yeah.    General Williamson. And so if I have some leverage, if I have some flexibility, say, great technology, because of things like modular systems architecture, I can start doing the work to plug that in now. I don't have to wait.    Mrs. Davis. I would hope that everybody sees that as very commonsensical, to be able to shift when you see a need and be flexible. And I think what would be helpful--and I think you are already working with that, Mr. Secretary--is how then you define that perhaps in a budget process so that you have that ability to do that.    And I guess what I am looking for is, where are still the obstacles to doing that? You know, we have been in the situation now for quite a number of years, and I think, just as Mr. Forbes mentioned, we kind of keep hearing the same thing. You know, we have got a problem. We need to fix it. We need to redefine it. We need flexibility. And how can we unstick this a little bit more so that you have what you need or without even waiting until the next NDAA?    Mrs. Davis. And you don't feel you can do that with existing legislative authority?    Mrs. Davis. Okay. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. Chairman Davis--Chairman Miller, sorry. I was thinking about Mrs. Davis' comments. Chairman Miller.