    Mr. McKinley . Now that we have some balance here, we can continue. And so we will continue the hearing. I believe I am the next questioner. So thank you very much for your patience on that, and now that we have a balanced panel, we can continue.    I am trying to follow some of the hyperbolae that goes on in Washington often about cybersecurity, terrorism, debt, climate change, I was interested in the last few days the--Lee Hamilton with the 9/11 Commission came out and said the biggest threat facing America is not ISIS, but cyber attacks. The FBI director said it is the greatest threat to national security. And the director of national intelligence, Clapper, said that the online assaults undermine U.S. national security.    Do you agree that that is one of our biggest threats if not the biggest threat that we face is the issue we are talking about here today? Each of you, just kind of a yes or no.    Mr. McKinley. OK. Dr. Lin?    Mr. McKinley. Sure.    Mr. McKinley. But if I could just continue with that because if it is a threat, and I think of small businesses, the Mildred Schmidt who lives next door to you, lives next door to me, she has no idea that she has been hacked, and they are getting into her information. I think if small companies--like my former company, that we did business with the Federal Government, and people could hack into my computer, and by virtue of that, get into the Federal computers. So we know it is out there. But what I did not like was, I guess it was, Mr. Bejtlich, something in your testimony, you said it may take 7 months before we know they are in there. This thing is just so broad, are we spending too much attention trying to focus on prevention and keeping actors out, or is there a better way to address this, because we seem like we may be shortening the time frame. Is this the best thing we should be doing?    Mr. McKinley. But Doctor, how do we deal with the small businesses that can't afford to build in all the software protection? How do we deal with that?    Mr. McKinley. Well----    Mr. McKinley. Tested, OK.    Mr. McKinley. Mr. Bejtlich, it looks like you--OK, you wanted to say something?    Mr. McKinley. Dr. Lin?    Mr. McKinley. OK. So my time has run out on that, but thank you very much for that. I hope we can pursue that a little bit further.    Now, who do we have next? Our chairman is back.    Mrs. Blackburn, 5 minutes.