    Mr. Benishek. Thank you, Madam Chair. Dr. Hesterman, thanks for being here today.    Mr. Benishek. We have 21 markets in my district in northern Michigan, and thank you for your great work there. I have been to the one in Traverse City many times, and I see the booth that has the Bucks there at the end. And it is great work. I am just going to question you about one of the problems that had been reported to me, and that apparently they try to run the market even in the winter, because they have to move, of course, because they can't do it in that parking lot in the winter. They have to do it inside. And then the USDA is requiring the market to buy all kinds of new equipment to----    Mr. Benishek. Well, if there is anything I can do to help you with that, I would appreciate you letting me know, and I will have my staff follow up with you. But----    Mr. Benishek. The other thing about winter is that the access to the fresh foods is difficult in Michigan.    Mr. Benishek. Are you familiar with this Farm to Freezer Program in Traverse City? There is a guy named Mark Coe that took me around there, where they take fresh local produce, and they flash freeze it. And it is part of Goodwill Industries. You know about those guys?    Mr. Benishek. Yes. Is that possible, to allow those--I mean, I don't know exactly where we want to go with that, because we don't want to--I don't know if you can use Double Up food products for frozen food, so I am not exactly sure. Can you kind of explain that a little bit to me? What is the policy there?    Mr. Benishek. The other question that you touched on, about the USDA is this wireless technology. So they have to have a wireless hookup? I mean, some of my areas in my district we don't have wireless.    Mr. Benishek. Internet.    Dr. Hesterman.--like that.    Mr. Benishek. Okay. I guess that is a different committee making sure that we have Internet across my district, which doesn't always happen. Well, I yield back the remainder of my time, but thank you, Dr. Hesterman, and I would really like to look forward to maybe working with you to help solve your problems with the USDA in regard to some of the problems that have come to my attention, and whatever problems you may have. Because this incentive thing is a really the way to go. I mean, I am really happy that we are doing this. I think that, as a pilot, and as a model for other areas of the country, you have done a great job, and happy to have it happen to Michigan. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairwoman. Thank you. Congresswoman Lujan Grisham, you are recognized for 5 minutes.