    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Koskinen, thanks for being here. I think it is interesting that we have the commissioner of the IRS here to give tax advice. I am glad that you have worked with my office to actually help my constituents actually be able to get tax advice, where we had one person with 700-plus thousand people having to take golden tickets at a front door at 3:30 in the morning.    I know we have added another one. I would like to see another added there. And we still have some ongoing correspondence that I would like some break down on the letters that I have shared with you.    Mr. Collins. And we will continue.    However, let me go back to just a couple questions, because you and I have had several conversations. This thing has round over several years, and we have had conversations when I was a Member of the Oversight Committee.    And do you believe that a subpoena is a valid form of getting information from someone who is being asked for, like if the Committee actually subpoenas the Treasury or the IRS to produce documents, that is as a valid form of getting documents?    Mr. Collins. And it should be followed. Correct?    Mr. Collins. Okay. In September 2014, I asked you, this does not require a transcript. I am going to give you your answer back. I asked if the IRS had produced all the emails from Holly Paz as required by subpoena; this subpoena currently right here at the Oversight Committee. I had asked you the same question 56 days earlier, and the answer then was no. And then when I asked you the question September of 2014, the answer again was no.    My question to you today, have those documents been produced to the Oversight Committee?    Mr. Collins. Okay. Well, in number two on this subpoena, just as a schedule--which was supposed to have been produced on August 16, 2013, a nice day. That was my birthday. It didn't get the gift of being produced. But on Holly Paz was number two on the list. And on the actual request.    My question is this: Holly Paz is not in a crash situation. Her hard drive was never in doubt. Why the delay here? Are you blaming the Committee?    Mr. Collins. But if----    Mr. Collins. Well, in just your opinion as commissioner, do you think that you are in compliance with this subpoena?    Mr. Collins. And we have understood that, but some of these were specifically named. The four people specifically named were not these vast amounts out here.    Mr. Collins. Holly Paz has no constructive problem with a computer. It was a hard drive.    Mr. Collins. You could get it off of it. I know--and it sounds very upfront frankly, and I know this. You are a very good witness in that you parse your words very well. That is a compliment, but it's also the very frustrating part of this whole thing. It sounds very much like you are blaming Committee staff on their priorities here.    Mr. Collins. I think at this point this is the frustration that we all have with this.    Mr. Collins. As I said before then, I say again now, this is why the American people just do not understand the selective ability to, you know, work with a subpoena or not.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.