    Secretary King. Thank you.    Secretary King. Thank you very much. Thank you, Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott, and members of the committee. I appreciate the invitation to come back before this committee and testify today regarding how the Department of Education is moving forward with the implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act which the President signed into law on December 10, 2015.    I am grateful that thanks to the leadership of Chairman Kline and Ranking Member Scott and members of this committee, Congress acted last year to reauthorize this critical piece of legislation.    Over the past 7-1/2 years, thanks to hardworking educators supported by families, our schools and students have made tremendous strides. Our high school graduation rate is at a record high and schools in 49 States are helping students meet college and career ready standards in assessing their projects.    More States also are investing more money in helping make sure children are ready to succeed when they enter kindergarten, increasing their spending on early learning by 1.5 billion dollars over the past 3 years and yet, so much work remains, far too many students from every background still arrive at college needing remedial classes, and black and Hispanic students continue to lag behind their white peers in achievement and graduation rates.    The latest figures from our civil rights data collection illustrate in powerful and troubling ways the disparities in opportunity and experience for different groups of students in our schools.    Just a few statistics. Students with disabilities are more than twice as likely as students without disabilities to be suspended.    Schools with high concentrations of black and Latino students are less likely to offer advanced courses such as calculus and physics which also are critical for success in college.    One out of every five high school students who are English language learners is chronically absent.    These are the very children that the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 as most recently amended by ESSA was designed to protect and serve.    The good news is that ESSA provides local communities and States with a pathway toward equity and excellence for all students as well as tools that will help them get there. Using the greater flexibility in ESSA, States will be able to go beyond test scores and mathematics and English language arts by adding their own indicators of school quality and progress to ensure a rigorous, well-rounded education for every student. We know that strong literacy and math skills are necessary for success in college, careers and life, but they are not sufficient.    And importantly, a rich, rigorous, well-rounded education helps our children make critical connections among what they are learning in school, their curiosities, their passions, and the skills they will need to become sophisticated thinkers and leaders who will solve the most pressing challenges facing our communities, our country, and our world.    Understanding that this requires all of us working together, States are expected to involve local educators, parents, civil rights groups, business leaders, tribal officials, and other stakeholders in choosing other indicators of quality such as decreases in chronic absenteeism or increases in the number of students taking and passing advanced classes.    The legislation also includes critical protections and provides additional resources for traditionally underserved students, such as students of color, students from low-income families, students with disabilities, students learning English, Native American students, fostered and homeless youth, and migrant and seasonal farmworker children.    States must take meaningful actions to improve schools where students or groups of students are struggling and high schools that have low graduation rates year after year, but the flexibility of the law also allows them to tailor these interventions to schools' specific needs. As with all legislation and policy, the quality and fidelity of the implementation is critical to success.    Please allow me to update you on our progress towards helping the States implement this law fully and faithfully.    The first thing we did was listen. Today, we have convened over 200 meetings with stakeholders across the country.    This included dozens of meetings with educators and school leaders in rural, urban, and suburban communities across the country.    We posted a notice seeking public comment on areas in need of regulation in the Federal Register and requested feedback on areas in need of guidance. We received hundreds of comments. In response, we prioritized accountability, including data reporting and State plans, assessments under Title I, Parts A and B, and Title I's requirement that Federal dollars supplement and not supplant State and local funds for education.    As you know, this past spring, we engaged in negotiated rulemaking on Title I, Part A, assessment and supplement, not supplant, regulations. We appreciate the input we received and reached consensus on assessments, but not on how to enforce the law's supplement not supplant requirement.    We are now considering how best to address the feedback we received on the latter as we develop our policy.    Last month, we also issued our Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on accountability, State plans, and data reporting which was published in the Federal Register on May 31st for a 60-day public comment period, concluding on August 1st. We encourage comment on those proposed regulations.    Consistent with a strong civil rights legacy of the law, the proposed regulations ensure a focus on all students, including historically underserved subgroups of students, in accountability decisions. They also ensure that meaningful action is taken to improve lowest performing schools with families, educators, and stakeholders playing an important role in the process. They also ensure that educators, students, and families have an accurate picture of students' academic performance.    In April, I announced the Department would be issuing nonregulatory guidance in several key areas concerning students in foster care, homeless students, and English learners. Each of these areas was raised frequently as a priority issue in our stakeholder outreach.    I am happy to report that this morning, we have released guidance on ensuring educational stability for children in foster care. As you know, ESSA for the first time it includes protections for foster youth who largely, because of their mobility, lagged behind their peers academically.    Our guidance, released jointly with the Department of Health and Human Services, clarifies the new statutory requirements regarding children in foster care, promotes greater collaboration between State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and child welfare agencies as well as highlighting promising examples to help guide implementation.    We plan to issue guidance to support homeless students and English learners at the end of this summer or early fall.    The Department is also working on guidance to support States and districts as they implement Title II, Title IV, and the provisions in ESSA around early learning.    Our aim with these guidance documents would be to highlight examples and best practices as States and districts make use of new funding opportunities in the law.    As I noted at the time, we have made incredible progress as a Nation over the past several years, but there is more to be done. ESSA is a bipartisan achievement that provides a statutory foundation to close our remaining gaps and address our persistent inequities.    I am pleased to hear feedback from this committee today and look forward to continuing to work with all of you to ensure high-quality implementation of this law, supported by the Department, and that guarantees a world-class education for every child. Thank you, I am happy to answer your questions.    Secretary King. Sure, the historical context for supplement not supplant is important. That language was originally added to the law after the NAACP LDF report that showed that Federal dollars were being used to backfill State and local responsibilities to high-need schools, particularly those serving students of color. That is the history of that language. The language clearly must mean that the Federal dollars are intended to be supplemental, not to backfill State and local responsibilities.    We know that there are districts where 25 to 30 percent more is being spent in schools serving affluent students than in schools a few blocks away serving low-income students.    That is clearly inconsistent with the very words supplement not supplant.    Our proposal seeks to ensure that we enforce the law as written, that the funds are truly supplemental, however, we received feedback throughout the negotiated rulemaking process, adjusted the proposal throughout that negotiated rulemaking process, have continued to receive feedback and input from stakeholders since the completion of the negotiated rulemaking sessions, and look forward to moving forward in a way that is responsive to the feedback and input we have received.    Secretary King. The proposal really seeks to ensure that States have the opportunity to broaden their definition of educational excellence, to introduce additional indicators of performance beyond just English and math performance and graduation rates.    It also creates the opportunity for States to set goals and targets for performance and it importantly requires that States and districts intervene when schools are in the bottom 5 percent of performance, when schools are struggling with particular subgroup performance, and when schools have low graduation rates year after year. The number of schools that will be identified will depend on how States use that flexibility, but clearly a priority in the law was to ensure that States act meaningfully in schools that are struggling over their achievement gaps and that is what the regulations require.    Secretary King. The purpose is really for us to gather input from stakeholders. We want to hear from educators, from parents, from civil rights organizations, from tribal leaders, from business communities, from community based organizations that are working with young people, particularly our young people most at risk and we will gather that input and we will address it and similarly we want input from members of Congress and appreciate this opportunity to gather feedback.    The ultimate regulations will reflect our attempt to respond to the input we have received.    Secretary King. Absolutely.    Secretary King. That is right.    Secretary King. That is right. We have been careful in regulations to try to ensure that schools do not fall through the cracks because we do not want students to fall through the cracks, so the regulations give States the opportunity to set meaningful goals and targets, but require them to intervene where schools are not making overall progress for their subgroups. And so we will be vigilant in showing that States respond and States have to intervene where subgroups are struggling, where the schools are in the bottom 5 percent of performance or where they have low graduation rates. And if their interventions do not meaningfully improve student performance, they will need to intensify those interventions using evidence of effectiveness.    Secretary King. That is an excellent question. It is one of the reasons the regulations require a summative rating, but how States approach that summative rating could vary.    Some States may use a numerical index, some States may use an A-F methodology, some States may use categorical labels for different sets of schools, but the law does require that States intervene in that bottom 5 percent of schools and they will need to have a summative rating to get to that bottom 5 percent.    Secretary King. Let me say we are deeply concerned about the lack of progress since Brown v. Board of Education in places around the country where we are seeing increased socioeconomic and racial isolation.    I think there is an opportunity as States consider their flexibility to intervene in struggling schools to think about how they create a strategy that would promote school diversity.    We made school diversity a priority in our competitive grant programs. The President, as you know, has proposed in the 2017 budget an initiative called ``Stronger Together'' that Senator Murphy and Congressman Fudge and you are also helping us to advance, that would allow us to direct resources to support voluntary locally led efforts to increase school diversity.    We also are using the magnet schools program, the longstanding magnet schools program, to support local efforts to increase school diversity, but we know that for our low-income students, they do better in schools that are socioeconomically diverse.    We know that we want to prepare all of our young people for success in a diverse society. All kids benefit from diverse schools.    Secretary King. I just want to make a distinction in the way that the question was framed between comparability and supplement not supplant. Comparability addresses the issue of services, supplement not supplant addresses the issue of the allocation of State and local funding.    The proposal that was discussed in negotiated rulemaking and adjusted throughout the negotiated rulemaking would require States to comply with the--supplement districts to comply with the supplement not supplant provision of the law. The process that districts would use to do that would be determined by the districts and so there is not a single number that can be estimated today for that proposal. But as I said, the proposal was adjusted throughout the negotiated rulemaking and we will continue to adjust that proposal based on the input and feedback we have received since then.    Secretary King. Well, the requirement in the statute is that the Federal dollars be used in a way that is supplemental. In fact, the language ``supplement not supplant'' is intended to separate the issue of the use of Federal funds from the issue of State and local funds, to say that State and local funds should be allocated in a way that is equitable and then the Federal funds should be supplemental.    Secretary King. Again, the design of the proposal was to implement the requirement in the statute that the Federal dollars be used in a way that is supplemental. Districts have a responsibility to ensure that they are not using those Federal dollars to backfill State and local funds. To the extent that districts are today using Federal dollars to backfill State and local funds, that is not consistent with the very words ``supplement not supplant.''    Secretary King. Again, the frame of the question suggests that districts today are using the Federal dollars in a way that backfills local and State responsibilities so the requirement would be for districts to ensure that they are not doing that, that the State and local funds are allocated in a reasonable fashion that allows the Federal dollars to be used to indeed supplement. And to the extent that a district is spending 25 to 30 percent more in a school serving affluent kids than in a school serving high needs kids 10 blocks away, that cannot possibly be consistent with the very words ``supplement not supplant,'' and the adjustment they will need to make is one that is required by the statute.    Secretary King. If today districts are using the Federal dollars in a way that is not supplemental, then they need to correct that. They can do that in a number of ways.    They could create incentives for veteran, highly effective teachers to go to schools. They could invest in pre-K programs in a high-needs school.    They can ensure that high-needs school has access to counselors or launches advanced coursework. The reassignment of teachers is not a requirement of the proposal. As a general matter, I do not think anyone supports forced transfers of teachers. That is not required by the proposal. What the proposal requires is that the Federal dollars are used in a way that is, in fact, supplemental.    Secretary King. We are very concerned about issues of ``n'' size. What we propose in the regulations is that States would set their ``n'' size, but they would need to provide justification to the peer review process if they set an ``n'' size above 30. The reason we use that is based upon research evidence on how we ensure that we capture subgroups as well as possible.    IES did a study that showed that if you use an ``n'' size of 40 or more, you would only get to about 32 percent of students with disabilities but if you use an ``n'' size of 30, you would get to about 79 percent. So we ask States for a justification if they want to go above 30.    We have heard feedback that there are stakeholder groups who are interested in requiring a justification at a lower ``n'' size and we do worry about subgroups getting missed and at the schools where a particular subgroup of students does not get the adequate services to make academic progress and that is never identified. One of the important elements of the law is requiring subgroup disaggregated data and we want to make sure that is enforced while preserving for States the flexibility to justify their ``n'' sizes.    Secretary King. Yes, that is a very fair concern. The vast majority of States today are at 30 or lower and we think the peer review process will provide an important check on the end sizes that States ultimately choose.    Secretary King. We think it is very important that the Every Student Succeeds Act preserves the language of equitable distribution of quality teachers from No Child Left Behind, and so we have been working with States, as you know, on equity plans where States are working on initiatives to ensure that their teachers are well prepared, that they have a diverse supply of teachers, that they are getting teachers to high-needs schools.    There are State initiatives focused on rural schools. State initiatives focused on the necessity of teachers of English language learners where some States are struggling in shortages and we think those equity plans are very important. What we propose in regulations for comment is that States will adjust and update those equity plans based on some of the new language that appears in the Every Student Succeeds Act. But we want to make sure that our low-income students, students of color, students with disabilities, English learners are not disproportionally taught by teachers, for example, who are teaching out of field. And so that is an important, I think, requirement of ESSA and an important principle.    Secretary King. Thanks. I appreciate your question. So, we carefully, consistent with the statute, do not prescribe the weights or percentages for different indicators. The statute does require substantial weight for the academic indicators and that the academic indicators are of much greater weight than the other indicators. And so we built into the regulations a set of checks that will be implemented through the peer review process to ensure that States are acting in ways that are consistent with the statutory language around substantial weight and much greater weight.    But we do think there is tremendous flexibility for States to think through what additional indicators they will use to supplement English and math and graduation rates and opportunity for States to look at things like whether or not they are providing access to advance coursework as that effort tries to do in Tennessee, whether providing access to advanced coursework in a way that is equitable for various subgroups of students.    Secretary King. This is really about the State plan and showing that as States do this work of identifying these other indicators, that the indicators are connected to students' long-term success, which is the goal of these additional indicators being a part of the accountability system. And as the peers and experts on the peer review panels review the State plans, we think it is important for them to look at the indicators in that context.    One quick example: in the CRDC data that I just described, we found that nationally 13 percent of students are chronically absent. That is 13 percent of students are missing more than 15 days of school each year.    We know that chronic absenteeism is closely connected to students' progress from grade to grade and their likelihood of graduation. That is a good example of an indicator that a State might consider. Obviously it is up to States to decide what those would be, but that is a good example of where there is very strong evidence based on the association between that indicator and long-term success.    Secretary King. Thank you. At the end of the day really this is a question of ensuring that all students have access to a quality education. And we know that in places where there is disproportionate spending on affluent students and less spending on high-needs students, it translates into a real difference in students' experience in school.    For example in that CRDC data, the Civil Rights Data Collection data, we found that there are 1.6 million students who go to a school that has a school police officer but no school counselor. If you have no school counselor in your school, how are you going to support students' socioemotional needs? How are you going to ensure that students have access to good postsecondary planning?    We found that in many of the schools that served the largest numbers of African American and Latino students, you cannot even take calculus or physics. How are we going to ensure diversity in the STEM fields and that students have an equitable shot at STEM careers if their schools do not even offer those classes? And so money certainly is not everything, but in schools that have inadequate resources, that lack of funding translates into a real lack of educational quality for kids.    Secretary King. I think we really have to be vigilant in the peer review process to make sure that States commit to meaningful goals and targets for subgroups.    In the regulations, we try to set guardrails around that process but peer review of the State plans will be critical and vigilance in the part of the Department and ultimately in the part of Congress to make sure that States are attentive to the needs of subgroups and that where subgroups are struggling, they meaningfully intervene. We know the history that there are States that have long ignored the performance of subgroups, States that prior to No Child Left Behind did not even count their English learners in their accountability systems at all.    We have got to be vigilant. We think that we have set the right guardrails in the regulations, but we also are interested in folks' feedback on those.    Secretary King. We think that summative ratings are critical for transparency for parents, for teachers, and ultimately for communities. Which schools are struggling and need that additional support and also which schools are excelling and can be models for other schools to replicate their best practices.    We also require transparent reporting on each of the indicators because we think it is important to have that summative rating but also to have good information at the school level and also the subgroup level and all of the indicators.    Secretary King. Just to be clear on the proposed rule, under the proposed rule that is currently out for comment, there is no State that would need to have their accountability system in place prior to 2017-2018.    The question is what will happen in 2017-2018? And we are interested in folks' feedback on the timeline. We are eager, I think, as the country is to ensure that we move beyond just English and math test scores and graduation rates, that we actually begin to use those other indicators. That is our opportunity to expand the definition of educational excellence and we would like to move quickly to that expansion.    I understand that there are folks who would like to extend the focus just on those English and math test scores and graduation rates, but we want to make sure we get to this broader definition. But we are interested in folks' feedback on the timeline and will try to listen carefully to the input we receive.    Secretary King. Just to be clear, we are not requiring any specific end size. What we are asking is when States submit their plan, if they choose an end size above 30, they provide information with respect to why they made that choice.    Secretary King. Again, the regulation preserves the right of States to set their ``n'' size. Now, the peer review process does create an opportunity for the plan to be reviewed and I do think it would be important in terms of civil rights protection.    For example, if a State were to set their ``n'' size in a way that would ensure that students with disabilities would never be counted in their accountability system, that would clearly be problematic and I am sure that the peers and the peer review process would respond negatively to them, but in the regulation we do not set the ``n'' size.    Secretary King. Thanks.    Secretary King. One important point about the proposed regulations is that States would be able to use the 2017-2018 year as a planning year for those schools that are requiring comprehensive intervention, but I think ultimately, as I have said, we are interested in feedback on the timeline questions.    I think we, like many educators in schools, have a sense of urgency about broadening the indicators that are used for accountability and to the extent that States are prepared to move more quickly to incorporate an indicator like chronic absenteeism or there are some States that have put forth a very meaningful effort to try to reduce disproportionate suspensions, for example, for students of color.    If States are in a position where they want to introduce those indicators, we would like to see them do that more quickly so that they are moving beyond just the English and math scores and graduation rates. But we are interested in feedback and want to work with States and districts to think through the best timeline.    Secretary King. Yeah, we tried in the regulation to balance wanting to make sure that States do the things that they must and then also offering additional options and there is ``may'' language around things like advanced coursework and access to preschool, which we think is a very significant equity issue. But again, this is a place where we are open to feedback with always trying to strike the right balance around State and local flexibility and real transparency around resource equity. And we are interested in feedback not only from States, but from civil rights community and advocacy organizations as we think through the right resource equity indicators.    Secretary King. I think this issue of the participation rate is very bound up with how do we ensure strong parent understanding of the role of assessments in schools? And I think there are clearly reasons that folks have seen over the last decade.    An increase in assessments, not the federally required assessments, but increase in assessments in schools that have driven a very legitimate set of concerns, that is why the administration proposed a testing action plan and has put forward guidance and helped to offer places where folks can use existing Federal resources to support reductions in assessment.    That is a feature of the Every Student Succeeds Act that we want States to take advantage of and districts to take advantage of so that they right-size the assessments and where they can, replace maybe low-level bubble tests with higher quality performance-based assessments. Those kinds of efforts we think will help ensure that States and districts are able to comply with the law's expectation that all students will participate in the assessments.    Secretary King. To be clear, in our regulation, ``consistently underperforming'' is defined by the State, using goals and targets that the State would set.    Again, our role, we believe, is to try to gather feedback and input, which we did. And based on that input, we put forward a proposed rule that is now out for comment, but we were careful to comply with the letter of the law and ``consistently underperforming'' is left to States to define with their own goals and targets.    Secretary King. I appreciate the feedback. We will look at the rule, but, again, I just want to underscore that States will set the goals and targets from which the determination of consistently underperforming will be made.    Secretary King. It is written with the core requirement being that the Federal dollars are, in fact, supplemental.    Secretary King. So just to clarify on the timeline, so we have a proposed rule that was offered in negotiated rulemaking, feedback was given during negotiated rulemaking, the rule was suggested, and we continued to receive input and feedback and do not have currently a rule out for public comment, but--    Secretary King. We anticipate issuing a regulation on this, but I just want to be clear that there is not currently a proposed rule that is out for comment.    Secretary King. So with respect to negotiating rulemaking, we do not prescribe the methodology. In fact, the methodolgy is left to districts, districts could use, for example, a weighted student funding formula approach.    A district could use an approach that is based on the traditional assignment of staff model of budgeting, so we do not prescribe the methodology. What we were trying to do in the rule that was discussing negotiating rulemaking is ensure that districts are indeed using the Federal dollars in a way that is supplemental and not backfilling State and local responsibilities.    Secretary King. But clear history on supplement not supplant is--    Secretary King. Including in the new law, the language in the new law is quite clear on the notion that the Federal dollars will be supplemental and in order to--    Secretary King. If the district is using the Federal dollars--    Secretary King. Not if they are supplanting. I think there are two things. There is the question of the district's methodology, which is up to the district, and then there is the question of whether or not the Federal dollars are being used in a way that is, in fact, supplemental and that is the plain language of the statute----    Secretary King. No, because comparability is focused around services and with supplement not supplant, we are focused on the allocation of funds.    Secretary King. Let me first say, Congressman, as a former high school social studies teacher, I appreciate the quoting of the Northwest Ordinance. It does not happen often.    Secretary King. No, no, no, I appreciate it and I want to say I strongly agree with your point on importance of the flexibility in this law around the design of the accountability system and in the design of the interventions which is, I think, also an important area of flexibility for States.    On the question on participation rates, we often--    Secretary King. Yeah, I just to make sure in your framing of the question.    Secretary King. I will be quick. In the four options that are described in the regulations, one of them is for the State to determine how it will approach the enforcement. The other three are offered as means by which the State could enforce the 95 percent accountability requirements which is in the statute. And States could choose the fourth option, which is State-determined and that would go through peer review. So we were careful, as I have indicated before, to ensure that our regulations are consistent with the letter of the law--    Secretary King. So, importantly, I think the foster youth provisions of the law are very important. And it is clear that foster youth are at risk and part of the reason they are at risk is because they are often moving between schools. And so the evidence is clear that students are better served when they can have educational stability or where there would have to be transitions that those transitions are smooth. And the guidance that was issued today we not only describe our interpretation of the law, but we also offer examples of best practice around the country, including places, States that have set up very clear dispute resolution processes, but where the guidance points us towards collaboration between the LEA, the school district, and the child welfare agency to both ensure that they are evaluating the best interest of the students, and then creating a reasonable plan for smooth transitions and transportation where necessary.    In the proposed rule, we are looking for feedback and comment and we expect to get it and the guidance. Again, what we tried to do was point to exactly what you were describing, the need for LEAs and child welfare agencies to work collaboratively. The proposed rule offers some more specificity on processes to resolve those disputes. We are looking for feedback and input, and we certainly appreciate yours.    Secretary King. I think the hardest question is if there is a dispute, ultimately, how will we ensure that the student has educational stability? And we try to offer a path in the regulation on which we are looking for feedback. And the guidance we try, just as you described, to underscore the importance of that collaborative relationship and also describe examples of effective dispute resolution processes that are in place around the country.    Secretary King. Well, here the question is what happens if a school has been identified for targeted support and the subgroups are not making progress, so it is a bit different from the original identification.    States will need to develop a process for how they will respond when schools are not making progress with those subgroups and the intention is that States will intensify their State-selected interventions based on evidence to ensure that those subgroups improve their performance.    Secretary King. I do not think so. I think the statute ultimately requires that States increase the intensity of the intervention when the intervention is not effective in improving subgroup performance and the regulations are trying to enforce that requirement of the statute. But again, these regulations are out for public comment. This is a place where we are interested in feedback from States and districts as well as civil rights groups and others.    Secretary King. I mean, I am very pleased with some of the adjustments that were made to the magnet school program and in ESSA. I think that will help make it easier for communities to take a magnet school's approach.    I would love to see us go further. That is why the President proposed the Stronger Together Initiative, which would be $120 million. That is in his 2017 budget to support locally led voluntary efforts around school diversity. And I think Hartford's magnet school program is, in many ways, a great national model that folks should take a close look at, both quality of options that are being offered to families that are diverse and the two-way feature of the Hartford approach, that students are able to go from suburban communities into urban schools and from urban schools into suburban communities. I think that is a very promising approach.    We are also looking at how we can use other grant programs to encourage, again, voluntary, locally led efforts. And my hope is that some States will use the school improvement flexibility that they have under ESSA to pursue school diversity strategies because we know they can significantly improve academic outcomes, graduation rates, particularly for the students that are most at risk.    Secretary King. The statute requires States to provide information on equitable access to quality teachers. We require, in the regulation, for States to define those terms as they comply with statutory requirement to report on disproportionate access to those quality teachers. They could not report if they did not define those categories.    Secretary King. States are required to put forward-- their definitions, and that would be a part of the--    Secretary King. The proposal that they will submit as part of the State plan goes to peer review, which is not the Department, but it is other States and experts who will engage in peer review of the State plan.    Secretary King. Well, if they were not complying with the statute if they were not ensuring that students have equitable access to quality teaching. Yes, I would hope the future Department would ensure that the law is enforced.    Secretary King. They have a set of terms that they have to define. For example, if they have teachers who are teaching outside of their license area, is it possible that in the future the Department might find that a State is evading their responsibility under the law to ensure equitable access to quality teaching? Yes, that is possible.    Secretary King. There may be an IES study in which those kinds of issues are looked at, but I do not believe that ESSA has requirements around that.    Secretary King. There may be IES studies that address that.    Secretary King. I will look at whether there was an IES study in that subject and I will be sure that we get that to you.    Secretary King. Yeah, just to be clear again, we do not prescribe the weights or percentages for the indicators. The function of the backend checks is to ensure implementation of the statute, which requires that the academic indicators have substantial weight and then further requires that the academic indicators must have a much greater weight than the other indicators, so the backend checks are a way to do that. But as I have said, they are out for public comment and we look forward to reviewing the comment on those and I am sure you will get from States, from districts, from civil rights organizations, from parents, and others.    Secretary King. Yes, we have been careful throughout this process to ensure that the regulations comply with the law. We also have been careful throughout this process to listen carefully to the feedback that we have received from stakeholders and will continue to do so.    Secretary King. We chose the areas for regulation and guidance based on feedback we received. We have had over 200 meetings, we have received comment from over 700 individuals and organizations. We held 2 public hearings in which there are over 100 folks who testified and we continue to gather feedback.    Now, the accountability regulations are out and State plans and data reporting regulations are out for public comment. That public comment period closes in August and we will review the feedback that we have received.    Secretary King. I mean, we had a very strong concern, particularly from the civil rights community and organizations that are focused on kids who are at risk, that enforcing the requirements in the law for what I would characterize as civil rights guardrails is critically important, including the language that says that the academic indicators must have much greater weight and substantial weight.    Secretary King. I appreciate that. We are being very careful to ensure that the regulations that we propose comply with the law.    Secretary King. Understood. Again, I want to underscore that we have been very careful that the regulations we proposed comply with the law.    We also are being very careful to gather feedback and I want to make clear that these proposed accountability regulations are a draft that is currently out for feedback and we are going to listen carefully to the feedback we receive.    Secretary King. I mean, I will certainly make myself available for committee meetings like this one. I think of this as a collaborative effort. I believe the law was passed through a collaborative effort between bipartisan leadership and Congress and the President and the Department, and we want to continue that collaboration.    Secretary King. The key with graduation rates is to have a graduation rate indicator that is present in all schools and the only graduation rate indicator rate present in all schools as required by ESSA is the 4-year graduation rate. That said the regulation provides for States' ability and their plan to create exceptions for schools that might serve new arrival English learners, schools that might serve students with very significant severe disabilities, schools that might serve students who dropped out and are now returning to school.    But again, the 4-year graduation rate is the rate that is required for all schools to report under ESSA.    Secretary King. Yes, and we are not prescribing the methodology, but we are using a data point that is available for all schools as the starting place for the State plan.    Secretary King. We believe that the draft rule reflects that commitment. Again, we are going to take comment and try to respond to the comment that we receive.    On the single summative rating, States have flexibility with how they would approach that. They could use an A-F approach as some States do today. They could use a numerical index as some States do today or they could use a categorical approach as many States do today.    They will need such an approach in order to identify the bottom 5 percent of schools clearly, but we also require that States provide information to parents and teachers about all of the accountability indicators so there will be robust information about all of the accountability indicators. And this is a place, again, where we will take public comment and try to be responsive to the comments we receive. But it is clear that in order for the law to work, parents and educators and the community need to have a clear understanding of which schools are struggling and a need of more support and which schools are excelling and can be models of best practice.    Secretary King. So as you indicated, there is a potential that I would hear an appeal in the ACICS case, so I cannot comment on the specifics of ACICS. I will say that the time that the recommendation was made by Department staff, we posted information for the institutions and for students about potential consequences.    There is a process over the next several months for deliberation by Masiki for an appeals process and then there is a final agency determination on an accreditor, there is an 18-month period in which schools can seek an alternative accreditor and the information we posted provides details on that.    Secretary King. Yes, we believe that schools that are doing a good job by their students will be able to manage transitioning to another creditor in that 18-month period any time an accreditor were to lose its authority, not just specific to ACICS. But we can certainly have staff follow up with you on that information that we will provide.    Secretary King. Thank you.