    Mr. Turner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Archuleta and Ms. Seymour, I just want to remind you that you are under oath. And I have a series of questions that follow on to Chairman Maloney's questions.    It was reported in the Wall Street Journal that a company named CyTech has related that they were involved in discovering the breach that apparently has been, according to this article, linked to Chinese hackers. OPM's press secretary said the assertion that CyTech was somehow responsible for the discovery of the intrusion into OPM's network during a product demonstration is inaccurate. CyTech related that they were invited in by OPM, that they--Ms. Seymour? Ms. Seymour, could I have your attention? That they were invited in by OPM and that their equipment was run on OPM and that their equipment indicated that there had been an intrusion of your system, that they notified you.    But your response officially from OPM is that it's inaccurate, that they were not involved. Ms. Archuleta, I believe you were asked this question previously, were you not, and you said that they were not involved?    I remind you both that you are under oath. Anybody want to change their answer? Was CyTech involved in the discovery of this data breach? Ms. Archuleta?    Mr. Turner. Ms. Seymour?    Mr. Turner. Okay. Now, reminding you again you are under oath, was CyTech ever brought in to run a scan on OPM's equipment?    Mr. Turner. Great. Well, thanks, Ms. Seymour. Because I sit on the Intelligence Committee. And CyTech Services president and CEO, Ben Cotton, and his vice president of technology development, John Irvine, came in and briefed the Intelligence Committee staff. And they relate that they were given access to your system, ran their processes, and their processes discovered it. And I think you are confirming this now, where previously it was denied that they had any involvement.    So you want to relate again, Ms. Seymour, what exactly did CyTech do? Were they given access to your system? Did they run it on your system?    Mr. Turner. That wasn't the question, Ms. Seymour. And I am assuming that you would have greater than an understanding, that you would actually know, considering you are the chief information officer, and you are testifying before us as to how this happened, and there has already been a news article on this. So please tell us clearly what access was CyTech given to your system.    Mr. Turner. So you were tricking them? You like already knew this, but you brought them in and said, Shazam, you caught it too? That seems highly unlikely, don't you think?    Mr. Turner. At that point you hadn't removed the system from your system? I mean, you knew it was there, you brought them in, and their system discovered it too, which means it would have to have been continuously running, and that personnel information would have been still at risk.    Correct?    Mr. Turner. You had quarantined it. So it was no longer operating.    Mr. Turner. Okay. Well, clearly, you are going to have to give us all an additional briefing and certainly the Intel Committee staff an additional briefing on exactly how you did this because, you know, CyTech's relating what they did is very compelling. And, quite frankly, what you say sounds highly suspicious, that you would have brought them in, tricked them to see if they could discover it, something you have already discovered. I mean, why would you need them if you have already discovered it? And then further tricked them to say, Well, you don't really have the system on your system anymore? It just contradicts in so many ways it defies logic.    But the other thing I want to ask you, Ms. Archuleta, is on your SF-86 forms that were compromised----    Mr. Turner. When you say a form, it just sounds so minor. But this is the form, this is the Security Form 86 that people looking to work on national security and get clearance have to fill out. It's not just their Social Security, but their Social Security number is all over this. What are you doing--I have Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in my district. My community has a number of people who have had to fill these out to be able to serve their country. What are you doing about the additional information that's in this form that's being released and that's out there about these individuals?    Mr. Turner. I didn't ask that. I asked you, what are you doing? Because it is not about just identity theft. This is not just their credit cards and their checking accounts. What are you doing about the rest of information that is in here about counseling them and assisting them?    Mr. Turner. Mr. Chairman, I just want to thank them for at least acknowledging that CyTech had access to their equipment and that did run and did identify this, even though they previously denied CyTech's involvement. Thank you.