    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    I am very concerned with the timeline and the funding reduction included in this year's budget for the JSTARS recap, and wanted to discuss that for a few minutes.    The timeline for IOC has gone from 2022 to 2023 to 2024, and as a result, the existing JSTARS fleet's life-cycle costs are just going to go through the roof. Every year the Air Force defers recapitalization they are missing out on $100 million or more in reduced operations and maintenance cost.    Secondly, the current E-8 aircraft are reaching the end of their service life and they will require waivers and additional funds to maintain themselves. This will likely lead to a lengthy capabilities gap, depriving warfighters of the GMTI in battle management. And recently half the fleet was in depot maintenance. This all but ensures that there will be a huge capability gap in the 2020 timeframe before a replacement aircraft would even be ready right now.    So now we are being told that there is need for more tech maturation. This is completely at odds with the plan that we have heard from the Air Force over the last four years. They have repeatedly said that the recap will involve mature technology and that the recap will be only an integration effort.    Can you just help us understand and maybe explain why this year's budget includes additional delays which result in additional expenses and some gaps in capability?    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. And you are absolutely right. It is a very old platform, but a very needed platform today. And my understanding in some of the briefings I have been in is that in not-too-distant time from now half of the fleet will be at its full life cycle, 100 percent-plus of its life cycle, and we still don't seem to be on a timeline that would fill that gap.    And I think we have had tremendous support on this committee for this program and for advancing it and moving it as swiftly as possible because of our deep concern for our troops and the capabilities that they have in the field. So any additional support or hurriedness on this would be greatly appreciated.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. Admiral, thanks for being here. Following up real quickly on the submarine question, the Ohio class. First let me just say that I am pleased to see it has been requested in the budget, and that there is a commitment from the Navy for the replacement program. I think we are all in support of that. And this should be a top priority for all of us.    Knowing that the youngest of the subs currently is at 18 years, and I know there have been some extensions, I think it is safe to say most are near their service life or towards the end of it. And so, real quickly, knowing that the timeline is quite potentially 14, 15, 16 years away from having the first replacement in service, what is the plan from the Navy to maintain the current fleet and to provide the abilities that are necessary today until the first ones are ready?    Mr. Graves. So you feel confident that you will be able to bridge that gap, this replacement gap with the current fleet as replacements come online?    Mr. Graves. Without any additional delays?    Mr. Graves. Thank you.    Mr. Graves. Right. Thank you. The second question that has been a great focus of this committee recently has been cyber, and how is everybody adjusting to the new theater that exists and that we are coming to know unfortunately more and more and more of. I know the Navy created the cyber awakening task force because of some instances that had occurred in previous years. Can you tell us a little bit about that, what the outcome has been, and has the desired outcome been achieved and how do you see that moving forward?    Mr. Graves. Okay.    Mr. Graves. Thank you. Mr. Secretary, thank you for your many years of service, decades I know, and wish you well in your next chapter.    Mr. Graves. Good morning, Madam Secretary, General. Thank you for being here.    Following up on Mr. Crenshaw's questions as it relates to JSTARS, and, first, let me just say thank you. I appreciate hearing that you would love to speed up the program, and, certainly, your passion for the program as well. We have a passion also as a committee, and very broad support, bipartisan support, in the Appropriations Committee, and in the Armed Services Committee as well in the House and in the Senate. And--but each year we have been hearing this love and desire to speed up or accelerate, but for some reason things slip and slip and slip.    Before you maybe share with us how we could accelerate, you know, knowing that you would like to accelerate, what are the mechanisms or the ways or the processes in which we could help, or that you expect could accelerate a program, share with this committee the dangers if we don't, because my understanding, and maybe I am misinformed, is that there is going to be a major capabilities gap that will occur, that we can continue pushing this off. But as we do that, the current aircraft that are being utilized today are beyond their service life, or close. Half are in depot maintenance currently, when they should be in the air. And many are going to be coming off line over the years. And I heard that 2023 being IOC, which means really not capable or being used for another few years, I would imagine, or maybe that is.    But even if that was the first year of operation and then in a theater somewhere, that is still 7 years from today. And there is still a gap that is expanding over and over.    So, knowing that, could you just describe to us what the dangers are if we don't accelerate. And then what are the ways that you see that we could accelerate and move forward a little bit quicker. Thank you.    Mr. Graves. And as you mentioned, the capabilities gap, and maybe, General, you could answer this, current number of aircraft today that are operational, and current number that would be operational when the first IOC is available in 2024.    General Welsh. Sir, I would have to look--I would have to go look at the schedule of when airplanes are scheduled to drop offline based on new depot requirements and degrading airplanes. I don't know that exact number right now at IOC----    Mr. Graves. Average year would be 54 years old.    General Welsh. We can find those. But the first one is within a year of now. So it is--the problem is here. It is not in the future. And so the thing that has slowed this down the most over time has been this debate about what is the best way to meet this requirement. That has been the big slow-down. We are past that now. It was a fair conversation, I think. It had to happen. I am hoping we are past that.    The combatant commanders are still very clear in their requirement, the joint staff--Joint Requirements Oversight Council still supported the requirement, and so we are moving. And we will sign an Engineering and Manufacturing Development (EMD) contract. Right now, the milestone is the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. Once that contract is signed, I think we will have a better idea of the real timeline for the program. And we will very shortly, after that, have an idea of how much can you accelerate based on where the technology and the integration process stands then; How successful was our risk reduction, and technology maturation effort over this year and the next year? And we will know more by then.    At that point, I think if we can accelerate, that is when we can throw more money at the problem and try and move it ahead faster. Until then, I think we are guessing. And I would hate to put a whole lot more money into the program at this point until we knew that we could actually use it the right way.    Mr. Graves. Okay. All right.    General Welsh. I would hate to even ask you for that money at this particular point.    Mr. Graves. Well, thank you. Mr. Chairman, let me note, I mean, this just gives me greater appreciation for our airmen and women to know that they are doing all they can with an average age of aircraft, you said, 47 years old today. And it would be likely 54 years old when we finally get there. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And just as Texas, Georgia is proud and Army strong. And I wanted to just first thank both General Grass and Kadavy for this morning's announcement as it relates to the associated-units pilot program. And I just had a question or two about that. And I know Georgia will make you proud. I am grateful that Georgia National Guard was chosen as one of the pilot programs, located in Macon.    Can you help us with an understanding of how you expect or anticipate this will create additional readiness for our National Guards and what your anticipations or goals are?    General Grass. Congressman, if I could start.    When I first looked at this, and General Milley was working on it with us, my first thought was, this is what happens every day overseas right now. So if we can work together overseas like we have for 15 years, well, we ought to easily be able to make this work at home.    General Kadavy. Congressman, just as General Grass said, we want to train the way we fight. And it is important that we work on a day-to-day basis together as the three components of the Army.    The 48th--great history and have deployed multiple times, tremendous leadership and tremendous soldiers. They are the right unit. So they are going to be unique. Not only are they going to be associated with the Third Infantry Division, the battalion out of Fort Benning is going to be associated with that particular brigade, as well.    So we are going to learn a lot. It is a pilot project. There will be additional training days and additional exercises, but they will be focused on training specifically with the Third Infantry Division.    Mr. Graves. What type of indicators or benchmarks you will use maybe to judge its success or make adjustments? Any thoughts on that you can share?    General Kadavy. Well, the unit status report is always a good starting point. We will see what the impact is of the additional resources and the association to the training rating, in particular. And then we will see what value we are getting out of the integration, both from the Active and Army National Guard standpoint.    Mr. Graves. Great. Thank you. Thank you, sir.    Thank you, Chairman.