    Mr. Fincher. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here today.    I am going to go back to an issue you and I talked about a few months ago, liquidity. I know it has been a pretty hot subject today. In recent comments from Larry Summers, former Treasury Secretary under President Clinton, who later served as adviser in the White House during the creation of Dodd-Frank, he warned, ``Regulatory authorities have made a mistake when they looked at each institution and they said, `You will be safer if you withdraw from the markets a bit,' and then forgot that if all institutions withdraw from the markets a bit, the markets will be less liquid, the markets themselves will be less safe, and that will in the end hurt all of the institutions. I think there is a real issue there. Frankly, a lot of the effort that is going into macro prudential should be into making sure we have liquidity.''    What is your reaction to his comments about the role of the regulations, not just Dodd-Frank, but layered capital and liquidity mandates are having on fixed-income markets?    Mr. Fincher. But you think it could be a possibility that it could be overregulation?    Mr. Fincher. Would you say that we need more regulation?    Mr. Fincher. So you think more is needed?    Mr. Fincher. Let me follow up. Secretary Summers' comments have been echoed by everyone from the Bank for International Settlements, Mr. Ketchum at FINRA, SEC Chair White, CFTC Commissioners Bowen and Giancarlo, and many overseas regulators, such as Mark Carney at the Bank of England. We talked about you issuing a data-driven analysis, and I think you have said there is going to be a White Paper coming out.    Mr. Fincher. Okay. It seems like every time we have a hearing, we talk about the problems that we face and more regulation. I know I am just going to differ with you, and I know you haven't said.    Mr. Fincher. I know. But it sounds like that you are inclined to be for more regulation.    Mr. Fincher. There are you go, and that is good.    Mr. Fincher. What seems to be happening is the more liquid that is tied up in the markets, it is not the bigger institutions that pay the price here, it is the small guys. It is the guys back in States like Tennessee and Arkansas, Mr. Hill, that end up paying, the folks at the bottom. And we need to make sure that when something does happen, there is enough liquidity available to take care of these issues.    So thank you, Mr. Lew.    And with that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman, which is rare, the balance of my time.