    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Secretary, I would like to ask you about the U.S. hostage policy. As you know, Kayla Mueller, a young, idealistic, and inspiring Arizona women who traveled to the Middle East to help Syrian refugees, was captured and held by ISIS terrorists for over 18 months before she was tragically killed in their captivity.    While Kayla is the first American woman captured, held, and brutally killed by these terrorist thugs, other Americans have suffered this fate, which I hope we can all agree is unacceptable.    Now, recently Kayla's family gave an interview where they discussed what they went through over the last 18 months with the terrorists seeking a dollar ransom. And then, after the administration announced that they had traded five known and dangerous terrorists for Sergeant Bergdahl, ISIS changed their demands from merely money to the release of a terrorist jailed here in the U.S.    Essentially, once ISIS learned that the U.S. does indeed negotiate with terrorists, they demanded more for the life of Kayla Mueller.    Of course, it goes without saying that the devastation the family felt when they realized President Obama would negotiate with terrorists for a soldier that deserted his unit but not for their daughter.    Mr. Secretary, I would just like a yes or no answer on this, and then you can expound on the next part of the question, but were you consulted when the administration decided to conduct a prisoner swap for Sergeant Bergdahl, and can you just tell me yes or no?    Mr. Salmon. And now I would like you to expound. Knowing what you now know, would you advise the administration to make a swap similar to Bergdahl--this Bergdahl deal in the future?    Mr. Salmon. And I am not disputing that.    Mr. Salmon. And I am sure you can understand why it is complicated, difficult for her parents to understand that distinction.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    I totally agree that ISIL is responsible, but my--the distinction that has been made is something that I think is confusing to a lot of people. And it doesn't seem like it was very confusing to the ISIL folks because they ended up upping the ante with her negotiations after this happened.    Mr. Salmon. I am not saying we should, but I do believe that the whole Bergdahl swap sent a message. This distinction you have talked about seems to me a distinction without a significant difference. And I think that it did send a message that we do negotiate with terrorists, and I yield back the balance of my time.