    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the witnesses for being today, and Ranking Member Fudge and Chairman Rokita. Last fall, I had the opportunity to be on the conference committee to reauthorize ESEA, and when we were in our final negotiations, one theme remained consistent: ESEA is a civil rights law first and foremost; it was created with the idea that all students regardless of where they come from, their race or ethnicity, deserve a fair shot.    And the issue we are discussing today really goes to the core of ESEA's role in fulfilling that mission. And I think it is important that the discussion today is around making sure that the money provided in ESEA for the neediest schools actually gets to these schools.    I briefly wanted to address the quote that Chairman Rokita put on the wall regarding a congressional prohibition around a specific methodology. Now, you know, I am not an attorney but the simple read of the congressional intent there is a specific methodology is prohibited, not several particular approaches that are dictated, not several specific or parameters.    If Congress had not wanted the department to give several possible approaches, the prohibition would have been against guidelines at all being issued, against several different approaches being outlined.    But the particular bar is a specific methodology, and of course, there is not a specific methodology in the department's proposed regs. There are in fact several very contrary to the word ``a'' proposed approaches.    I also wanted to follow up on Mr. Thompson's question to Dr. Canavero. I join Mr. Thompson in being a big fan of vocational and career programs. I wanted to ask Dr. Canavero if he is aware in Nevada of instances of Title I funds being used for some of the things Mr. Thompson mentioned, like for instance, the physical equipment for welding programs or shop programs.    Mr. Polis. Reclaiming my time, the point being made is that would be an unusual, perhaps not explicitly prohibited use of funds, but in general, to the extent Title I funds are used for equipment, it is equipment for Title I programs, it would not be used for-really ever-it would be very difficult to use for welding programs-oh, I see Mr. Thompson has left- or for other types of programs.    The point being that of course we recognize the need for the physical investment in vocational and career education programs. I would also point out that in many cases this is done in partnership with those who already have that equipment. That is kind of the new way of doing that, community colleges and others that have that equipment.    It is rare, not unheard of, for school districts to have to purchase this equipment themselves these days, but of course, it would be even rarer still for any Title I funds to be used for that, almost impossible under previous guidelines and current guidelines. I did want to point that out.    I wanted to go to Mr. Sargrad for a question. In your testimony you mentioned that 90 percent of school districts already meet the requirements under the proposed supplement not supplant. Now, we have heard various instances of doom and gloom about the proposed regulations.    For clarity, can you again explain how most school districts already comply with these proposed standards, and realistically, what do you think the effect of these regulations would be?    Mr. Polis. Mr. Owens, it is my understanding your organization, and I do not know if you personally as well, but along with many State superintendent associations, are supportive of the department's 2015 guidance on schoolwide programs, and that guidance actually provides the same two examples the department has included in its regulation.    The proposal also includes a State determined option for compliance, very similar to those 2015 guidance, and I was wondering why your organization or perhaps you can address it on a personal level as well, why you are supportive of those options in the 2015 guidance but not those same examples and options in the current proposed regulation.    Mr. Polis. Thank you.