    Mr. Shea. Thank you, Mr. Avalos.    Mr. Chairman, there are a number of lessons we learned. Probably the most important lesson is that we and the industry need to really do a better job with biosecurity. The level of biosecurity in the poultry industry was good, but it was good for an ordinary time, not good for a time of an extraordinary disease like high path avian influenza. So we really need to do a better job with biosecurity.    We need to be able to respond faster and with more people, and indeed, that is one of the primary increases we are asking for in our budget this year, is to add as many as 80 first responders. If we could have had more trained veterinarians and animal health technicians on the ground faster, I think we would have had a better outcome or a quicker outcome.    We also learned that we need to rapidly depopulate poultry houses when they become infected. The longer the poultry houses sit there infected, the level of infection rises, can spread easily. So we really need to depopulate quickly.    We need to make sure that we are working very closely with the producers to get them compensation quickly so they can get back in business as soon as possible and also to encourage them to report the disease as soon as possible.    I think also we learned that we need consistency of message when we are on the farm. By not really being fully staffed with emergency responders, we had to rely probably more than we would have liked on contractors, which led to some inconsistency in message from farm to farm about what they should do. So I think that was important.    I think we also learned that we need to know what to do with the carcasses once they are put down. The very best thing to do is to compost them right on the farm, but if that is not possible, they need to be sent somewhere else. We need to make sure there are disposal facilities available.    What we found last year was that many landfills simply would not take the carcasses. So we need to be better prepared to deal with that.    We also need to make sure we are working better around the world for an understanding of this disease, and what we are doing to deal with it. A few countries cut off all U.S. poultry from Alabama to California because of poultry diseases in Iowa and Minnesota, and we think that we can do a better job working with our partners around the world to understand that they should draw restriction lines on a much more narrow basis going forward.    So all of those are things we have learned.    Mr. Shea. Thank you, Mr. Under Secretary.    Yes, we made great progress on veterinary biologics. We entered into a business process improvement process four years ago, and we have dramatically reduced the amount of time it takes to get something on the market from the day it is first brought to us for approval.    And just this last year we approved a single claim label, which will also speed up the process, because before a label would have many claims which took us much longer to approve for each claim. By just approving the single claim, which is the most important that producers will need, we have dramatically reduced the time.    So we are making great progress.    Mr. Shea. It is certainly not our intention to make it more difficult for new technology to get to market, and in fact, some of the possibilities are that we are regulating more things than we need to be regulating now.    So that is why we put out a notice of intent to do an environmental impact statement, and the comment period, by the way, has been extended for 75 more days. So there will be lots of time for folks to comment on this, but we are looking at all possibilities.    One would be for us to entirely get out of the regulation business. One would be for us to do nothing different at all, and then there is a regulation or option that would have some more regulation, and then there is another option that we think may be the best one, but we need to get comment on this and analyze those comments, and that is to have a method where things that are proven safe, have been approved before and simply and extension of an early approval, that we do not spend a lot of time on those so we can move more quickly and get those to market.    So we certainly understand your concerns, share those, and believe me, it is not our intention to make the process more difficult but rather streamline it as we go forward.    Mr. Shea. Unfortunately we will not be able to do anything without the funding, and so we are asking for that funding again.    We really want to gather that data so there can be a fair and reasoned discussion about antimicrobials.    Mr. Shea. There are those who believe that farming is all of the problem. We do not think that is probably the case, and so we think it would be very helpful to have that data so there can be a real science discussion here.    Mr. Shea. Mr. Congressman, we spend about $2.5 million on wildlife services' work in California. The counties and other cooperators put in about $2.2 million. Unfortunately the state does not really put much money into wildlife services' work in California. At one time the ratio was about one-third, one-third, one-third, but then the state pretty much stopped doing that.    We are very aware of some of the legal challenges underway that the counties are dealing with, and we really tried to help with that. One thing we did was put a full-time National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) coordinator in California to help with all of the counties, and particularly the counties in litigation now, to develop the data needed to respond.    We also added another $200,000 to what we allocate to the counties from what we did the previous year to also help defray the costs that they are encountering in these cases.    But we believe we are putting a pretty fair amount of money into California as a whole and certainly understand the need that exists in many counties throughout California, but we do look for more cooperation from the state.    Mr. Shea. Mr. Congressman, we are certainly devoted to this cause, and I know Secretary Vilsack is as well. And we are hoping that some of the tools that we've been able to develop over the last few years, thanks to the funding provided by this committee, will make a big difference.    Thermotherapy, Dr. Ehsani at University of Florida has done great research there, and it looks like you can indeed provide protection for a tree for four years, treating the tree at a cost of about $1.56 a tree with thermotherapy. We think that might help.    We think the use of antimicrobials will help. And currently the state has a pending Section 18 exemption request with EPA, which they believe they will receive this year or this month, that will allow the use of these under foliar spray. And we believe that can provide indefinite protection to a tree. So, that's another tool that we put into the hands of the growers that they didn't really have a couple of years ago.    And also the use of biocontrol using parasitic wasps, they had great success so far in Texas, an 85 percent reduction in the number of silletes in Texas where we've used these, and we think that can have good success in Florida as well and California too for that matter.    And of course, another big issue in Florida, as you're well aware, is how do we manage abandoned groves. And I know that the state has done some good work on that with private landowners. So, we think we have more tools available than we did before and that these maybe have some effect coming forward.    Mr. Shea. Yeah, Mr. Congressman. On this specialty crop issue, we hope there is no reduction whatsoever in those programs. We hope that the states will step in and pick up a bigger share of the program than they have in the past. Now, we were just talking about the Citrus Health Program where the Federal Government has been paying 94 percent and we think the states could pay a little more there and the same with the other programs, glassy-winged Sharpshooter, all the programs. Same goes with the Tree and Wood pest programs. We are simply----    Mr. Shea. Well, for the glassy-winged sharpshooter, the breakout is about 53 percent federal and 47 percent state, and we would kind of like to reverse that. And for glassy-winged--or I'm sorry--for the light brown apple moth, the state actually puts no money into it, and we are paying a hundred percent of the cost.    And if I could very quickly--I didn't get a chance to answer your question about that. OK. I'm sorry.    Mr. Shea. I think that's a good example. In an emergency situation early on, we think a very high Federal percentage is appropriate. But for long-term sustained management programs like glassy-winged Sharpshooter and Light-Brown Apple Moth, we think that the states should bring up--pick up more of the cost than they have been. I might add that producers themselves are picking up quite a bit of the cost.    And on light brown apple moth, I just want to give you the firm commitment you asked for earlier. We will not back away from what's needed to keep trade moving. And we also have something in mind that will help the nursery people, and that is getting away from inspecting every plant that leaves and, instead treating. And doing that would remove that need, we hope, going forward.    I apologize for taking some of the time to answer the light brown apple moth question.    Mr. Shea. Mr. Congressman, specifically on the things that you mentioned, we have a request to add about 80 emergency responders in the animal health area. If we would have had trained APHIS veterinarians to dispatch and stay on site for the entire time, I think we would have overcome a lot of those communication issues.    When we had to rotate people in and out, that led to some inconsistency in message. So, if we had the emergency responders in place who could stay there, I think we would have been better off.    In terms of compensation, we've streamlined that process already so that we can make the calculation of indemnity based on paperwork that the owners already have rather than do some other kind of inventory later. So, I think we made great progress on that as well.    And in terms of rapid depopulation, you're absolutely correct. If we can do that in 24 hours, we help that producer get back in business sooner, which is important. But more important, if we can knock that virus load down, there's less virus to spread around. So, 24 hours is our standard that we want to apply. And that's certainly a big lesson we learned.    Mr. Shea. Well, we start with a presumption, if a disease is present in another country, that we will not accept products from that country, whether it's beef, pork, what have you. When another country makes a request of us to allow their product to be imported, that's when we would do a risk assessment. And certainly, a risk assessment almost always entails a site visit, an in-country site visit. Certainly, any country that has major diseases in the past like foot-and-mouth disease or classical swine fever, we would indeed do an in-country visit to help with that risk assessment.    Mr. Shea. We tend not to because these requests are only on the animal health side of it.    Mr. Shea. Mr. Chairman, of course, we're a part of the federal framework. The EPA has a role in this. The FDA has a role in this. Our role is rather limited, really. We only determine whether or not a proposed event, as they call it in that business, would pose a plant health threat. That is our role. So we don't really address the human health angles. Someone else does that. Or even other environmental angles. Now, certainly they are part of the overall rulemaking. As, because any rulemaking has to have some economic and environmental analysis to it. But the bottom line for us is, is a new biotech proposal, proposed item, a plant-pest or not? Will it cause harm to plant heath? That is our only role in it. And it's the role we've had in this framework, federal framework now, since 1987. It's why I mentioned earlier, we put that framework together and our rules together based on the technology of the day, which has changed pretty dramatically.    And in terms of improving products, I will say, we've kept our commitment to you. The backlog has essentially been eliminated. We had 23 products in the backlog four years ago. All but one of those have been deregulated. And the only one that hasn't is involved in a very complex environmental impact statement. Since then, 16 more have come in. Eleven have already been deregulated and four are on the quick path towards deregulation.    Mr. Shea. Yeah, but only for the plant health angle. We can approve that. But if EPA hasn't done its part of it, the products still couldn't be used.    Mr. Shea. We'll get that for the record. But I think it's probably hundreds.    Mr. Shea. We're working very closely with our colleagues in the Agricultural Marketing Service on it, yes.    Mr. Shea. Well, I think that there are mitigations that can take place. And that rule is still under development as I understand it. I'll defer to Ms. Starmer. But I think that rule is still under development and we're still working closely with our colleagues on it.    Mr. Shea. We'll have to look into that and get back to you.    Mr. Shea. Mr. Congressman, we are not asking for $8 million this year. There were $8 million in the Fiscal Year 2016 Omnibus to purchase two helicopters and two fixed wing aircraft, but we are not requesting anymore funding for anymore aircraft, for Wildlife Services, in 2017.    Mr. Shea. We're certainly pursuing non-lethal methods. And in fact what we've begun the last year is having non-lethal workshops where we bring producers in to inform them about new methods. And in fact, we're even working with the Natural Resources Defense Council, which is not a fan of Wildlife Services generally speaking, on some projects out west as well. So we are pursuing those. We are developing non-lethal methods through our Methods Development Program in Wildlife Services. So we continue to pursue non-lethal methods for sure.    Mr. Shea. I think the basic problem we're trying to address is that the regulations are nearly 30 years old. And the technology has changed. So we may very well be putting products through a regulatory process that don't need to be anymore. And there may be some others that we probably should be looking at. So we're trying to get it right for 2016. And it's certainly not our intention to make it more difficult to get these products to market. As I mentioned earlier, we've completely eliminated the backlog that we had been dealing with, in deregulation. So we don't want to get into another backlog situation. And that's what we're trying to do though, is make these regulations current. Because we're operating under a 1987 kind of paradigm.    Mr. Shea. Well, I would say that perhaps it indicates that we don't intend to have a massively larger regulatory structure in place. That's not where we see this going. Of course I hasten to add, there's, as you mentioned, a total of 75 day comment period. We added 45 to the original 30. So we need to hear from everyone. So we haven't made up our minds for sure. But we don't want to be headed toward a greater regulatory structure.    Mr. Shea. So I think the funding that's requested is certainly adequate.    Mr. Shea. I think we'd probably like to conclude the Marine Mammals Rule that has been pending for so long. So that is one we'd like to finish.    Mr. Shea. As in the previous two years, we would allocate about $1 million of that $3 million for indemnification. We allocate about $200,000 for research into live animal testing. Because right now we can't determine whether the animal is diseased until it's dead. And the rest of the money goes into our work in the Voluntary Certification Program.    Mr. Shea. Mr. Congressman, we have entered into that agreement. I personally signed that agreement just a few weeks ago. We have done the pre-compliance inspections already at 13 facilities. And we will have completed 21 of the pre-compliance inspections by May 1. So we're making great progress there, and we'll do them all by the end of the year.    Mr. Shea. Yes. We're addressing this just like we would any other new licensee. We go in, look at the facility. Just as we do with private or university facilities. And help them find what violations might exist now and what they need to do to improve. So we've done that already at 13 of the facilities. And we actually are going to begin unannounced inspections at some of those by May 1st. So we're moving expeditiously to do this. I think we've got a really good process in place, with my counterpart, Dr. Jacobs-Young, in the Agricultural Research Service. And we will do our best, our inspections just like we do for everybody else. We will post those inspections on the internet, just like we do for every other inspection we do. And if there are serious violations found that aren't corrected quickly, then there's commitment from ARS leadership that the local IACUC, which is the Institutional Animal Care and Use committee, will stop research until those things are fixed. So I think we're in a good place with this. We have great cooperation from the leadership of the Agricultural Research Service. And I think this program will work well.    Mr. Shea. Yes, yes. Once we've done the pre-compliance inspections, we'll then go back and start doing unannounced inspections.    Mr. Shea. Yes, we will post those online.    Mr. Shea. Mm-hmm.