    Ms. Curtis. Thank you, Chairman and----    Ms. Curtis. Thank you, Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, the rest of the distinguished members of the subcommittee, for inviting me here today to talk about U.S.-Sri Lankan relations.    I will summarize my written testimony and ask that my full written testimony is submitted for the congressional record.    Let me join the voices of the members of the panel to express my sympathy for the victims of the severe flooding and landslides that struck Sri Lanka last month. My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those who lost their lives as well as those who lost homes and other property.    There has been a rapid turnaround in U.S.-Sri Lankan relations in the past 18 months since President Maithripala Sirisena took power. The passage of the nineteenth amendment that curbed the powers of the presidency just a little over a year ago was a milestone on the path back to democracy.    Indeed, the democratic reform process is enabling our countries to improve relations and Sri Lanka continues to be important for its geographic position at the maritime crossroads of Asia and the Middle East.    The results of the parliamentary elections that were held in August 2015 further raised hopes that the country would continue down a path of reform and reconciliation.    Sirisena cooperated with the United National Party in elections that brought Ranil Wickremesinghe to power as the new Prime Minister and the two sides formed a unity government.    In a major departure from the former Rajapaksa government's triumphalist attitude toward the 2009 defeat of the LTTE, the Unity Government in September 2015 co-sponsored a U.N. Human Rights Council resolution acknowledging that war crimes were committed by both the government and LTTE insurgents during the civil war.    In addition to lifting curbs on the media, opening travel to the northern parts of the country, this Sri Lankan Government has also welcomed international human rights organizations to the country, a practice that the previous government shunned.    The cabinet also recently approved the establishment of an Office of Missing Persons, although some members of the Sri Lankan society have complained that they were not consulted about the move.    The government has vowed to adopt a new constitution that abolishes the executive presidency, adopts electoral reform and strengthens provincial devolution.    Despite all of these positive steps, there remains concerns within the Tamil activist community that the human rights reform process is beginning to stall. One contentious issue is whether there will be foreign judges on the panel to investigate human rights abuses.    There is tremendous resistance from the majority Sinhalese nationalists, who still hold a large chunk of parliamentary seats, to the idea of international judges determining the fate of Sri Lankan military officials.    Tamil human rights activists question whether the U.S. is over estimating the level of change at the grass roots level or giving too much credit to the government when there are still major human rights concerns among the Tamil people.    Let me say a few brief words about China and India, and Sri Lanka's relationship with these two key countries. There has been criticism of the Rajapaksa government's cozying up to China and questions surrounding large-scale infrastructure projects that were pursued during his tenure.    Sri Lanka's willingness under the Rajapaksa regime to allow Chinese submarines to dock at Colombo's ports twice in late 2014 alarmed Indian officials, who are wary of China's increasing influence in its back yard.    Sri Lanka has since toned down its relationship with China. However, China will continue to factor largely in Sri Lanka's economic future as Prime Minister Wickremesinghe's recent visit to Beijing demonstrated.    Sri Lanka needs Chinese infrastructure investment and now that the country is facing a financial crunch it cannot afford to alienate China to which it owes $8 billion in debt.    So moving forward, the U.S. should encourage the democratic reform process that is underway, encourage more speedy movement toward reconciliation and transitional justice.    It should build broader economic and investment ties with Sri Lanka and assist with the revitalization--the economic revitalization of the war-torn areas of the north and east.    Without economic and job opportunities, it will be difficult to sustain support for peace and reconciliation.    Lastly, the U.S. should focus on enhancing maritime cooperation with Sri Lanka, recognizing the pivotal position that Colombo occupies in the Indian Ocean region.    So in conclusion, there is a unique opportunity to move forward with ethnic reconciliation and to unify the country following nearly three decades of civil war, and I think the unity government deserves credit for its implementation of democratic reforms.    But there is still a great deal of work to be done in promoting ethnic reconciliation and a durable peace.    Thank you.    Ms. Curtis. Well, I think the U.S. has a role in both the private statements it makes to the government but also public statements, to put a little public pressure.    You know, these things are very difficult. You may have parts of the government that want to move forward quickly. But there are political considerations that they have.    So I think they do need our nudging. As I spelled out in my testimony, there have been many positive steps by this government.    But the only way the process will continue to move forward is probably through U.S. and other pressure. So I think it is important for us to make public statements also through the     The U.N. is meeting today on these issues. So I think working through the U.N. process and continuing to press for concrete and substantive movement, such as releasing political prisoners, it's absolutely necessary for the U.S. to push.    Otherwise, the default will be to move slowly and not take those very difficult steps.