    Mrs. Miller. I think we are expecting a few more Members, but in the interest of time and there are a number of hearings happening this morning, the Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to examine the Department of Homeland Security's international programs.    We are pleased to be joined by Mr. Alan Bersin, who is a frequent guest here, of the Department of Homeland Security's Office of Policy; Mr. John Wagner, again another frequent guest, from the Office of Field Operations at U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Mr. Lev Kubiak of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement--I appreciate him coming again--and, also, Ms. Rebecca Gambler is back again of the Government Accountability Office.    We learned on 9/11 and again with the Christmas day bomber that we cannot wait to act until terror plots reach our shores. Pushing our borders out gives the Nation's security professionals the time and space to interdict plots before they reach the homeland. For more than 10 years the Department of Homeland Security and, in particular, its operational components have done just that.    Today we have several programs in place to stop suspected terrorists, foreign fighters, and others with significant derogatory information provided by the intelligence community from ever coming to America. No system is perfect, of course.    But the earlier in the travel and the visa process we can begin to conduct security checks, have a CBP Officer examine and pre-clear an individual or do a security advisory opinion to make sure we are examining visas appropriately, the safer the homeland will be.    The vetting these programs do has created an outer ring of border security which has become even more important due to the significant and growing threat that fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, ISIS, pose to our Nation.    These fighters could be one flight away, bringing with them the skills, training, ideology, and commitment to killing Americans that they learned overseas, and that is why it is so important that the DHS officers and attaches abroad conduct security operations.    Today the DHS has a large footprint overseas with more than 1,800 people stationed in 77 foreign countries across the globe. I certainly understand that the posting of DHS personnel overseas is a cumbersome process with significant costs. In many cases, it costs more than $500,000 per person each year. Space is limited at many consulates and embassies overseas.    So it is incumbent on the Department to use and to constantly update its risk-based approach so that the American people are getting good security value for the expense. Threats that originate overseas have evolved over time, and our security posture should evolve with it.    DHS should constantly re-evaluate the location of their officers to ensure that we have our men and women in the right countries. Additionally, if we can do some of the screening and vetting work here at home, we should.    When the security of the homeland requires the Department to have officers overseas, we need to maximize their use to cover multiple countries within their respective issue areas as well as ensure their personal safety.    To that end, we are glad to see that, in many cases, the DHS utilizes a regional model where its attaches are covering several nearby countries to make sure the Department's investigations are being properly supported overseas.    We are also pleased that where we have the visa security program officers overseas we have the PATRIOT program that examines the totality of data on ESTA and visa applications. However, this program is limited to just those posts where visa security units are in place.    Despite the visa security program's proven security value and robust Congressional support, this program has not been expanded to all high-risk posts overseas. No issue has kept CBP leadership busier over the past few years than pre-clearance operations.    Failure to properly consult with stakeholders and the Congress and other process fouls on pre-clearance expansion caused a great deal of consternation on Capitol Hill and in this committee. I hope that the Department has looked at some of the early missteps and will keep Congress fully abreast of future plans, especially in light of the recent announcement of the intention to expand pre-clearance to 10 additional locations.    We certainly want to be clear that we support pre-clearance where it makes sense. Pre-clearance has been used as a security screening and trade facilitation tool since the early 1950s, and since 9/11 the security value of these operations has only been heightened. However, as was made clear by legislation the House passed last year, we cannot repeat the mistakes of the Abu Dhabi agreement.    Expansion of pre-clearance has to be done is such a way that supports both our security and facilitation objectives and does not disadvantage our domestic airlines at the same time. The full committee plans on taking up pre-clearance legislation once again later this month, actually, and I certainly look forward to its quick passage by both the House and the Senate.    Defeating terrorists' ability to move internationally has long been a focus area for this subcommittee. We have and will continue to be champions for pushing the border out because our National security demands it.    So we will be looking forward to hearing from Mr. Wagner on CBP's plans to expand pre-clearance operations overseas. We are also interested in hearing more about the work that the DHS led vetted units throughout the world, including Central America, to help better capacity of law enforcement, to build the capacity of law enforcement, and to help lead to better conditions to reduce migration into the United States.    Our enemies are intent on attacking our country and are actively seeking to avoid our countermeasures. We must be one step ahead instead of constantly reacting to their latest attack. DHS' presence overseas is the crucial part of the outer ring of border security and provides many opportunities to break up plots early in the travel and visa cycle.    The purpose, again, of this hearing to make sure that DHS and the Government as a whole are taking full advantage of every tool in our tool kit to limit terrorist mobility as far from our shores as possible and to ensure that limited taxpayer funds are used as effectively as possible.    Again, I thank the witnesses for being here this morning. We look forward to all of your testimony.    Mrs. Miller. At this time the Chairman now recognizes the Ranking Member of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Vela.    Mrs. Miller. Without objection.    Mrs. Miller. I want to thank the gentleman very much for his opening statement because, as this subcommittee hearing is about the outer ring of border security as we think about terrorist activity, it is stopping it, as we said, before it comes from overseas, here right on our own border, particularly the Southern Border.    As you know, I am on the Northern Border. But listening to you about gun battles and kidnapping and people disappearing, some of our veterans, et cetera, in criminal activity that is happening there, it is a very sober reminder of the challenges that we face. All the folks that are lined up in front of us today are helping us to face those challenges. So that we will be something that will be interested in hearing.    Other Members of the committee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Let me formally introduce our four witnesses. We will start with Mr. Bersin, who serves as the assistant secretary and chief diplomatic officer of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Office of Policy.    In this capacity, Mr. Bersin oversees DHS' international engagement, serves as the principal adviser to the Secretary in all matters pertaining to international affairs, and is responsible for leading the Department's strategic planning and policy formulation functions. From 2010 to 2011, Mr. Bersin served as acting commissioner of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection.    Mr. John Wagner became deputy assistant commissioner, Office of Field Operations, in April 2014. He has been assigned to U.S. Customs and Border Protection at headquarters in the District of Columbia since 1999 and has worked on many different policy and operational issues. He has led many of the OFO's business transformation efforts, including the deployment of the internationally acclaimed Global Entry program and the Automated Passport Control kiosk for international travelers.    Mr. Lev Kubiak assumed the role of assistant director of international operations at U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in June 2014. In this position, Mr. Kubiak is responsible for a budget of more than $130 million and the operational oversight of 63 offices in 46 countries and 8 Department of Defense liaison offices, with over 400 personnel. He began his career as a special agent in the agency's Detroit office in 1995. In November 2001, he transferred to the U.S. Customs Services Office of International Affairs in Washington,     Ms. Rebecca Gambler is a director in the U.S. Government Accountability Office, Homeland Security and Justice Team, where she leads GAO's work on border security, immigration, and the Department of Homeland Security's management and transformation. Prior to joining GAO, Ms. Gambler worked at the National Endowment for Democracy's International Forum for Democratic Studies.    Their full statement will appear in the record.    The Chairman now recognizes Mr. Bersin for his testimony.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you very much.    The Chairman recognizes Mr. Wagner.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you.    Mr. Kubiak.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you.    Ms. Gambler.    Ms. Gambler. Good morning, Chairwoman Miller, Ranking Member Vela, and Members of the subcommittee.    I appreciate the opportunity to testify at today's hearing to discuss GAO's work reviewing DHS efforts to screen and inspect passengers and maritime containerized cargo before they board or are put on vessels to the United States.    DHS deploys multiple inspection and targeting programs abroad to address high-risk travelers and cargo. According to DHS, as of May 2015, the Department and its components had about 1,800 FTEs in almost 80 countries.    My remarks today will reflect our findings in two areas related to DHS' international programs: No. 1, Departmental actions to align programs abroad with resource use and strategic priorities and, No. 2, observations on specific DHS overseas programs.    First, DHS has taken action toward aligning its programs abroad with resource use and priorities. For example, DHS has established a governance board to coordinate crosscutting issues related to international engagement.    DHS has also reviewed its international footprint or its complete set of resources deployed abroad to evaluate the placement of resources on the basis of DHS' mission areas, cost, and potential for engagement with host countries. However, DHS has not yet established specific Department-wide strategic priorities for use of its resources abroad.    Further, while DHS conducted a one-time exercise to assess the Department's international footprint, it has not established a routine process to continually assess the alignment between strategic goals and resource decisions. DHS also does not have comparable cost data for its programs abroad and does not have a standardized framework to capture these data to help informed resource decision making.    Second, with regard to specific DHS programs abroad to target and inspect passengers and cargo before they depart for the United States, GAO has issued numerous reports on such programs. For example, with regard to one of ICE's overseas activities, the visa security program, we have reported on efforts to expand the program and address challenges and its operations.    Under this program, ICE deploys personnel to certain U.S. embassies and consulates to assist the Department of State's consular officers with security reviews of visa applications, among other things. We have identified challenges in the visa security program, such as limited guidance regarding interactions between ICE officials and consular officers, lack of performance measures to accurately evaluate the program, and variation in the training of consular officers by the Visa Waiver Program agents from post to post.    We have also found that ICE did not track information on the time ICE agents spent on non-Visa Waiver Program activities. We also identified gaps in ICE's plans to expand the program to additional diplomatic posts, noting that ICE's plans did not address all posts identified by the agency as being high-risk.    With regard to CBP programs related to targeting and inspecting travelers before they board vessels bound for the United States, we have on-going work for the committee and the subcommittee reviewing these programs, including pre-clearance operations and the immigration advisory program. We will be reporting on results from our work in the future.    Finally, with regard to targeting and inspecting maritime containerized cargo, GAO's work has addressed three of CBP's programs, including the Container Security Initiative, the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism program, or C-TPAT, and the Secure Freight Initiative.    Through the Container Security Initiative, CBP targets U.S.-bound containerized cargo shipments and requests examinations of high-risk containers before they are loaded onto U.S.-bound vessels. We reported that CBP has made progress in implementing the program, but has not regularly assessed foreign ports for risk since 2005. CBP took steps to rank ports for risk in 2009, but did not use the results from that assessment to modify program locations.    As part of our work, we used CBP's risk model and applied it to fiscal year 2012 cargo shipment data. Through this analysis, we found that the Container Security Initiative did not have a presence at about half of the foreign ports CBP considered high-risk and about one-fifth of the ports where CBP had a presence were lower-risk locations at the time of our review.    In closing, we have made recommendations to DHS in all of these areas and others to help the Department and its components in their efforts to better manage, oversee, and assess their programs abroad. DHS has agreed with some of these recommendations and has actions planned or underway to address some of them. We will continue to monitor DHS' efforts in response to our recommendations.    This ends my oral statement. I would be pleased to answer any questions Members may have.    Mrs. Miller. Thank you.    Thank you all very much.    I think I will start with Mr. Wagner because I want to talk a little bit about this preclearance. I was just looking at this chart that I have in front of me. But, anyway, it shows the facilities that we currently have and then what is proposed.    It is interesting because--I don't want to use the term ``quaint,'' but it certainly is indicative of how our world has changed since 9/11 because what we currently have--most of them are all in Canada, obviously, our largest trading partner, and then, from a tourism standpoint, Bahamas, Bermuda, Aruba, a couple in Ireland. Then all of a sudden we go to the UAE, which just seems--compared to the other ones.    Now, as the Secretary has announced, you have got negotiations with these 9 other countries. I guess I would just ask you--in fact, I was taking a note when you were saying currently about 15 percent of everybody that is coming in is going through preclearance. So you have about 15 spots. So it is approximately--I don't know what that--I will do the math on that. But if it is a percent per spot--I am not sure how that all works.    But after the 10 new ones in the 9 different countries, do you have any estimate of what percentage of inbound travelers into the United States would be precleared before they board an aircraft?    Mrs. Miller. So as you look at the 10 that you are proposing here in the 9 different countries, what is really--I mean, is the driver principally security and/or trade, look at both things equally? How do you give the weight there?    Mrs. Miller. You know, I do recall during the whole beginning of the pre-clearance at Abu Dhabi, when you had the country-level agreement there, part of what was discussed at that time was that the next one would be Dubai. Now, Dubai is not on this list. I am not advocating--I am not sure if that is what we should be doing, but that was a big part of the discussion with the Congress.    Mrs. Miller. Do you have any comment on that?    Mrs. Miller. Okay. I appreciate that.    Now to Mr. Bersin and Mr. Kubiak. As we are all painfully aware, particularly last year we had a humanitarian crisis at the Southern Border with the UACs that were coming across, and many of us made a lot of noise here about whether or not we ought to be reducing or eliminating foreign aid, particularly to the three countries in the Centrals that were responsible for the greatest percentage of that population of these poor children that were coming here or whether or not we even should revisit some of our trade agreements, like CAFTA, et cetera. There was a lot of talk about what we should do. But I think you mentioned here Central America, where you were using the vetted units in El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, et cetera.    I am just wondering, is that a reaction from our Government and those governments because of the UACs? If so, are you having any good, positive outcome of all of that of, hopefully, stopping that kind of activity before they start coming up through Mexico?    Mrs. Miller. Very good.    In addition to this, I mean, just having those kind of relationships, there is no second for human intel.    Mrs. Miller. No second. That is the kind of information I am sure we are getting from those forces as well. So thank you for that.    The Chairman recognizes Mr. Vela.    Mrs. Miller. We can come back for a second round.    The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Smith.    Mrs. Miller. Mrs. Torres of California.    Mrs. Miller. Mr. Barletta of Pennsylvania.    Mrs. Miller. Mr. Hurd of Texas.    Mrs. Miller. I certainly agree. It looks like there is a gap there in the system. So we should pursue that. I appreciate the gentleman's questions.    Ms. McSally of Arizona.    Mrs. Miller. Very well. Yes, I think we would all be interested in that. I think you can utilize that. I have heard a little bit about that. I don't know much about it. But even for the ESTA, with the Visa Waiver and those kinds of things, so that really utilizing technology.    Mrs. Miller. Very well. Very good.    Mrs. Miller. We do have time for a second round. The Ranking Member is recognized.    Mrs. Miller. Mrs. Torres, do you have additional questions? Excuse me, I am sorry, excuse me. Mr. Hurd of Texas.    Mrs. Miller. Mrs. Torres, did you have an additional question?    Mrs. Miller. Ms. McSally of Arizona.    Mrs. Miller. I thank the gentlelady. I appreciate that question. Actually Chairman McCaul and myself and a couple of other Members, I think, sent a letter to the Secretary about that very issue. I was just asking my staff here have we received a response to it yet. So I will make sure you get all of that. Very good question.    I certainly want to thank the witnesses for all their valuable testimony and for their participation here today. It has been an excellent hearing, very engaged, obviously, from our Members and the witnesses as well. For any Members of the committee that would have some additional questions, we would ask you to respond to these in writing. Therefore, pursuant to Committee Rule VII(e), the hearing record would be held open for 10 days.    Again, we thank you for your participation here today. We certainly thank all of you for your service to the country as well.    With that, the committee stands adjourned.