    Mr. Hardy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Along that same line of questioning, I would like to know how many hydrological engineers you have on your team?    Mr. Hardy. How about how many geological engineers?    Mr. Hardy. I guess the question that would go along with that, then, is how do we have the expertise in hiring a contractor to do this, or why does the EPA figure that they have that expertise, if you do not know? Isn't it your responsibility to know?    Mr. Hardy. Did you know that the EPA requires that mines, before they can be open, have an environmental, a NEPA process done? And, in order to do that, they have to have geological engineers, hydrological engineers, and mining engineers to go along with that. Is that true?    Mr. Hardy. You are the head of the department? Don't you feel that is your responsibility, to know what you need in your department?    Mr. Hardy. So, before you hire somebody--what is the hiring process of a contractor before they begin work on such a project as this?    Mr. Hardy. How would we know what that experience and process is, if we potentially do not have the experience on our own staff, the EPA's own staff, to be able to hire that type of a contractor, to understand what you need in that process?    Mr. Hardy. I would just like an answer to that question.    Through this process, when a mine is open and it has gone on--at least in the state of Nevada--for 60, 70, 80 years, you have to provide documentation, the environmental process, the NEPA process. It was called something in those days, but those processes are there.    What happens to those records that are provided by those mine folks? What happens to that information that they have to provide the EPA or any other entity that is with the Federal Government?    Mr. Hardy. Do you believe that would be pertinent to the investigation of this mine, and how to handle the situation, before we just hire a contractor to go do something?    Mr. Hardy. I think those questions should all be asked before you start that process. I believe there has been a real violation here, a real problem. I see it happening within EPA; they are more worried about the environmental side of this situation than understanding the responsibility you have before these become contractors themselves.    So with that, I yield back. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you, I appreciate that. If Mr. Lujan were to come in here at some point--we have another panel--we will make sure that he has a chance of asking some questions.    Ms. McCarthy, appreciate you being here. This is now 3 hours into this hearing. Once again I will state, and I do not want to sound like a teacher berating a student; but had you been willing to share the panel with the other four witnesses that were here, it would have been an enlightening opportunity and discussion. Those other witnesses who had some expert testimony could have added some expertise and some answers to the questions that had been here. So, I am very sorry that you were not able to do that.    At the beginning, I said you might want to apologize to those for not being willing to sit on the same panel with them. I will give you that same opportunity. But, if not, this panel is expended, and we will invite the other four witnesses to come before us and take a position at the table.