    Mr. Fugate. Well, thank you, Chairman Barletta and Ranking Member Carson and other members of the committee. In my written statements, I talked about some of the things we have been working on since the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act passed. Mr. Chairman of this committee, I have to say, you helped us address many issues that have come up repeatedly.    First off, I have to recognize the fact that you provided us the authority to recognize the tribal governments as an entity that could deal directly with the President in requesting disaster declarations, something they had sought for a long time. This committee ensured that became part of the legislation, and we have implemented it.    You have also given us tools that we had identified through pilots and lessons learned in managing debris, but also in making sure that as we begin the process of rebuilding, we are able to speed up the process of identifying those large projects, obligating monies, and allowing more discretion to State and local officials on how to build back better. That was an important tool that we began using as far back as some damage from Hurricane Irene with the State of Vermont, and it has given us flexibility that States and local governments have asked for in building back better and building back to the future.    The trends and disasters are not surprising to me. With an aging infrastructure, a concentration of populations in highly vulnerable areas that fortunately don't have a lot of disasters, but when they do occur, the costs are substantial. Particularly, when you look at what happens when the number of public buildings that are under or uninsured are damaged or destroyed. I think things such as dealing with individual losses that weren't insured, dealing with debris cost, dealing with response cost are always going to be part of the formula.    But when you look at, most recently in Sandy, the billion dollars and more in some projects we are having to pay to rebuild structures, it is important for us to make sure that in the future we have built back those structures to where they are insurable and look at making sure that the insurance provisions are more strenuously applied and less opportunities to allow structures to come back for repeated assistance because they weren't insured.    We firmly believe that we should do more diligent work with our State and local partners to ensure that when we build back we just don't look at old data, we just don't use cost-benefit analysis, that don't account for the future. But we also think we need to engage the private sector more strongly in ensuring risk. And in those areas where the private sector cannot insure that risk, ask hard questions, as you have pointed out, should we build back where we were, should we build back the way it was, or do we need to change? Because if anything, we know that many areas are subject to repeated disasters.    I personally went into Arkansas last year to see damage from a tornado. I saw a school, fortunately not occupied, nearly completed, that was destroyed. I was informed by our staff from the regional office that that school was being rebuilt from a 2010 tornado where it had been destroyed. It was destroyed again.    What really troubled me was we did not have an opportunity or did not seek the opportunity to make sure that school had safe rooms in it. And we have committed to and have now established that in tornado-prone areas, when we are dealing with schools and other public structures, that we will find a way to make sure that we fund safe rooms to protect children during tornadoes.    So you have given us a lot of tools, many of which are still in the implementation phase. Some of them have not gone as fast as I would like. Part of it was the implementation and getting buy-in from our partners at the State and local level, but I am seeing early success. And I think it will be a good discussion to have with you and the committee over our findings, our challenges, and where success is taking place.    I firmly believe that the role of the Federal Government is to support and not supplant our local officials, that FEMA is a support agency, and the cost of disasters is a shared responsibility. But I do think it is appropriate that when disasters exceed the capabilities of State and local governments that we must be there to support them, not only the initial response but to ensure successful recovery.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fugate. Well, one way that people have said to look at disaster cost is reduce eligibility or erase thresholds for declaring disasters. But as I think you see, the smaller disasters are not what drives the majority of the big-ticket items; it is these larger events.    And I think it comes back to the many cases in which we have aging infrastructure; dense, populated areas in vulnerable zones, whether it is from hurricanes, flooding, earthquakes; and those costs, I think historically, were things that we looked at, such as insurance and other tools to manage that risk. But that risk has now, I think, moved more towards the Federal taxpayer in the FEMA programs.    I think over time it was the unintended consequences of these programs that again were seen as, instead of being a support of last resort, oftentimes the first resort for the coverage of insurable property that was not insured and those losses. Again, it is really a decision that we have to look at, how do we best ensure communities are able to rebuild, but at the same time, don't support or continue growing the risk?    I think we have to understand there is a certain amount of risk out there right now. We have modeled some of these disasters and they are actually bigger than Sandy. The exposure for just south Florida for a repeat of the Great Miami Hurricane would be in the hundreds of billions of dollars in Federal cost, exceeding both Sandy and Katrina. So it is, I think, something we need to look at.    But I think more importantly, we have to make sure that as we go in after disaster, we are setting the stage for the future not to come back and repeat it over and over again.    Mr. Fugate. Mr. Chairman, I would go back to the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act.    One of the things you directed FEMA to do--we were slow in doing it, but it is now in place--is to build a national recovery framework to take all of those various programs and look at it more holistically when working with our State and local partners.    I think Congress needs to know what the total cost of disasters are. There shouldn't be hidden costs buried in other appropriations. But I will also caution that the flexibility of those programs and the fact that we deal so oftentimes with preexisting conditions that FEMA's programs aren't going to deal with, that flexibility is oftentimes accessory building.    And let me give you one example of community block development grant dollars. When we deal with housing issues in a disaster, it is generally the affordable housing base that was heavily damaged, not insured, but we are not the program that rebuilds permanent housing. We deal with a temporary response.    So if we are not able to partner with HUD, the risk you run into is a rebound effect. We meet immediate needs but there is no solution long-term.    This is why you saw in Hurricane Katrina people in travel trailers for years after that disaster because we did not approach this in the beginning holistically. For example, if we have these many houses, we are going to have to start looking at affordable housing. We need to start these programs almost simultaneously to the recovery programs.    So I would say the flexibility and the ability to take these different programs are important tools we should not just discard. But I do think it is important to have a total accounting of what the real costs of disasters are, not just what the Stafford Act under the disaster relief fund may be providing.    Mr. Fugate. Well, the State, NEMA will present to you--and I think again if I put my State hat on, I would look for more Federal participation early in that process.    One of the things that I have heard from both the Government Accountability Office and from the IG is we ought to be raising the thresholds for disasters. I am against that for several reasons: One is, I think it penalizes large population States because it puts them into almost intolerable levels of disaster to get assistance; at the same time, smaller States would have little impact on them.    Many States have developed their own public assistance and individual assistance programs, but they only apply them generally after they have been denied for Federal assistance. There is almost a disincentive for a State to manage smaller disasters for fear that if they do that it may not make them eligible for a FEMA disaster declaration under the President's authorities.    So what we have been looking at is--our current model--once you reach the threshold the President has declared a disaster, we cost share back to the first dollar. We have been exploring what if you didn't raise the threshold but you looked at how far back do we go and give States more predictability about how much they are responsible for before we do come in with Federal assistance and base it just on per-capita factors but look at the exact State, the economy, the budget reserves, the capacity of the State.    But I think some States have been very progressive in this area. However, other States and their State legislators have oftentimes seen that the Federal Government will come in, go back to that first dollar, and having resistance to building their own capacity. And I think, again, if we could build more capacity for the recurring routine disasters at the State and local level, it would allow us to focus on those large disasters.    I don't think it necessarily brings the big-dollar ticket items down, but it does start growing and building more capacity across the States for a lot of the recurring events that we find ourselves involved in.    Mr. Fugate. I would need, Congressman, specific information. I would have to look at the cases. FEMA funds those extraordinary costs above and beyond what was budgeted. So if you were already budgeted to respond to fires and you do get declared, that does not necessarily become eligible.    But overtime cost, cost of backfill, where you are supporting mutual aid under the emergency management assistance compact going across State lines, and it really comes back to what the mutual-aid agreements are ahead of time.    One of our challenges has been, unless there is an obligation to pay just because you have a disaster declaration doesn't make it eligible. So we do try to look at the nonbudgeted extraordinary costs. We try to be very aggressive in identifying those costs. They are right; we don't go back and do 100 percent. Our cost share is 75/25 percent and then the State and locals determine how to do that.    Under fire management assistant grant cost, we, again, do not go back to the first dollar because each State has an annualized budget for wildland fire fighting. And so, again, we look to determine if there is an extraordinary cost. So if your office will share with us the specific details, we will go back and research that.    But my position has always been if it is eligible, it is eligible, and we look at all those extraordinary costs above what they budgeted for the day-to-day activities should be reimbursable, but specifically to what case and how much. If they can give me examples, we will look at it and try to make sure that we were doing the right thing during that timeframe.    Mr. Fugate. Well, first of all, you all may miss me, but you have got a great guy in Bryan Koon, so the State is in good hands.    You just opened up a very good philosophical debate and a can of worms of how far the flood insurance program should go. Here is my question: If the private insurance companies can't insure it, is it something that the Federal Government should assume the risk? Because we are doing risk transference.    Any time the private sector can't cover the risk and we take on that responsibility, you, the taxpayers, are backing it. That may be good policy. That may be the desire and the intent of Congress, which I would support if that is the desire, but I must always caution that in transferring that risk back to the flood insurance program, which is over $20 billion in debt, we have to understand that it is not an actuarially sound program. It will not be able to pay back its debt. And growing that exposure may be good policy, but I think it is one we need to go forward and understand what that risk is.    The challenge is, understanding the built infrastructure and how we protect that, but also, how we enforce the future and ensure that we don't continue to grow that risk. And that does not mean we cannot build in coastal areas. It does mean we have to build differently.    So I think the question that I would narrow back down to is, we have got a lot of businesses. We have a lot of homes. We have a lot of property that is exposed. Insurance is not available or not affordable.    It will be a huge economic loss to local jurisdictions from tax-based losses, business losses, jobs loss. If it makes sense to insure that, then we will implement it. But I also caution that we have to make sure we don't set up an unfair system that continues to grow risk by allowing people then to build in areas without taking the steps, which can be more costly but then transfer that risk back to us, the Federal taxpayer.    It is a shared responsibility. It is an interesting debate, we will be more than willing to engage in it, but I think we have to be upfront that there are many people, both in Congress and outside, that do not want to grow the flood insurance program and that exposure and others who think they do. We would be interested in participating in that debate, but we really think this is the sense of Congress when we really need the guidance from Congress on what this should be.    Mr. Fugate. I will leave it to Bryan to talk about what under leadership he and Governor Scott have been able to achieve. But I want to point out one thing that Florida did. It was a hard, painful lesson. It was hard fought. And there is always attempts to take and walk back. But under Governor Bush, it was the establishment of statewide mandatory building codes, learning the lessons of south Florida but across the State.    Probably the one thing that is saving taxpayers more money and making sure that you still have commercially available insurance for the wind pools is the fact that Florida did strengthen its building codes and the State does enforce it across all counties and cities. It was a courageous step given that many people said it would make homes unaffordable. The reality was, without that building code they would have been uninsurable.    And as we continue to see more people buy into the Florida market, I think that's a testament to better built homes for the environment they are in, and this is a lesson I think all States should pay attention to. When you have the right building codes and land use to manage risk, that risk can come down to the point where it is insurable, and the private sector can do a better job of managing future risk without it defaulting back to Federal programs.    Mr. Fugate. As far as that, I will take that back to staff. I know we have been going round and round trying to get this thing built and get those maps updated. Part of what you gave us with the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act was at least things like the environmental historical reviews, which agencies used to do independently, we now do concurrently, so we are taking some small steps to try to look at these projects.    And the President has given some pretty good direction on this. He said, you know, when we were doing some of these capital improvements we shouldn't be spending years doing the studies, we should do our studies together. We are not going to change the requirements, but it doesn't mean we should do each study and wait for the next study. So we are moving in that direction but not as fast as we should.    As far as the protection for the future, none of these designs are the 100-percent solution to future risk. What they are really designed for are risk and the 1 percent or more. And I think you just identified one of our challenges. We have always looked at mitigating back to a 1-percent or less risk. Unfortunately, we saw this in Sandy. Some of the mitigation work done after Hurricane Irene was done to that standard, and Sandy went over it and we lost a structure anyway.    So we are asking a different question. Maybe 1 percent makes sense for a lot of things, but for critical infrastructure like hospitals, fire stations, maybe we should build to a higher standard. We are currently working with the interagency on the Federal side to come up with a more stringent standard, not just building 1 foot above our base flood elevation, which is the 1-percent risk, perhaps even building higher. Not because we have data to drive that per se, but because of the uncertainty of the future data and these investments of literally tens to hundreds to billions of dollars of our future, but making sure we are building to that future with that uncertainty.    Mr. Fugate. Yes, ma'am. Looking at this--first of all, I have a personal equity in this. That is the subway that I ride home on. I was not in town. It went a little bit earlier than I normally depart, but I am on that train Monday through Friday, both coming in and going home. I know that very spot in the tunnel. I can tell you, anytime a train stops in a tunnel now people start looking around, where before it was just kind of like the normal pause, people are now looking around going, why are we stopped?    Our Office of National Capital Region Coordination does work with all those entities. I would ask that we wait until we get more from the investigations to find out what did happen, but we will pledge our support through our Office of National Capital Region Coordination both to the district and to Metro for any assistance they require from us, from planning, training, and exercising to be better prepared for future incidents.    Mr. Fugate. We are not involved in the investigation, but we are there to support all the parties if they request us. And I think what will happen when we do get some of the details and look at some of the recommendations of what to do better, we would be in a position to support both the district and Metro if they request our assistance.    Mr. Fugate. Well, the challenge with the predisaster mitigation fund has been it has diminished over time and was increasingly being directed to where it would go. You asked us to cut our budgets each year. We had to make decisions where those cuts took place. We think mitigation is important, but we also knew the capacity to respond, recover, and manage all the other programs were important too.    There has been a lot of talk about the predisaster mitigation and its role and the cost savings. I would also be pragmatic in saying those savings are realized if the structure you mitigated gets hit again.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Sure. I will give an example. Hurricane Katrina, I think if you add everything up from the 2005 hurricanes you get somewhere around $150 billion in total spending. Based on some back-of-the-envelope calculations we did in Louisiana, I think we had spent about $8 billion in the front end. We probably could have saved about $80 to $90 billion in recovery.    Ms. Holmes Norton made, I think, a very appropriate connection between the Corps of Engineers and FEMA. And you and I have had this discussion in the past. In numerous instances the Corps of Engineers has been directed by Congress to carry out mitigation or resilience projects. And some of those projects, in the case of Louisiana, had been in the development phase in excess of 20 years. During that same period of time FEMA has expended over $1 billion in response of recovery claims in these same projects areas. And in one case, I remember the total, where FEMA exceeded $1 billion in payouts, the entire project was estimated to cost $586 million.    Can you talk a little about your coordination with the Corps of Engineers to ensure that some of these mitigation measures, if predisaster mitigation is off the table, which personally I believe may be penny wise and pound foolish, can you talk about some of the coordination there to ensure the resiliency of some of these communities and of course cost savings for your agency.    Mr. Fugate. You know, we work very closely with the Army Corps of Engineers, both in the flood insurance mitigation response and recovery. I also have to point out, you could authorize a lot of projects. If you don't fund them, they don't get built. If you go back and you pull the budget and you look at how many projects that the Corps has been authorized for and you look at the funding, there is a significant mismatch.    Again, if we were able to foretell the future and know exactly where disasters would happen, I think we would probably be better at strategizing where to make those investments. But we have potential risk in places that are not seeing a lot of disasters, yet the exposure is tremendous.    And so, again, we do work with the Corps, but I think it again comes back to making very hard choices. I mean you have to make appropriations decisions. There is no doubt about it. There is not enough money to do everything.    And again, for the Corps, there are oftentimes more projects identified than they have funding and they are having to make decisions across the States, the territories of where to make those investments.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Well, look, personally in regard to the Corps of Engineers, I think the cut in funding is largely in response to their performance, or inability to perform in many cases, which you may not share that opinion based on my personal experience.    But one thing we had posed to FEMA years ago was the idea of having some flexibility in HMGP when these Corps projects weren't funded, yet they yielded high benefits to the taxpayers in terms of resilience and cost savings for disaster mitigation, yet FEMA, we were unable to work that out. Could you perhaps talk about that a little bit. As I recall, I believe there was a prohibition in using HMGP dollars in cases where you had a federally authorized project in place regardless of whether there was funding or not.    Mr. Fugate. Well, this kind of goes back to authorization language and appropriations language where we do have prohibitions against duplicating underfunding sources. When we don't we try to. And again, what we try to do, and we have had some success, where a project was not originally authorized by the Corps and we were able to fund it but the Corps was able to fund it, we were able to get good outcomes.    But I think it comes back to when we have nonduplication of Federal efforts, one program is already authorized, maybe didn't have the funds to do it, is--again, this is something the committee has looked at--is there additional language you want us to have in the Stafford Act? We don't want to routinely supplant or get into augmenting other Federal budgets if you are not funding it. We don't want to look at the disaster fund to sidestep the appropriations of Congress, but obviously, it is something that the committee could look at and give us guidance on.    And if we are not interpreting it correctly, I am willing to go back and look at it. But generally if it is already authorized in another program, there are limitations on what we are able to do. It would actually be exceeding Congress' intent and authorization for us.    So we will work with the committee on it. I don't really have a real issue with that. But I also caution that, you know, some of the feedback I have gotten is we don't want to open up a can of worms where suddenly the disaster relief fund is bypassing Congress' intent by funding things Congress had chosen not to fund that year.    Mr. Fugate. Well, first up, one tool that we have used aggressively has been moving away from putting in a lot of staff and renting temporary facilities on a smaller disaster when we can work it from the region, so that is driving down cost.    But probably the other one is the tool you gave us in the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act and that is allowing us to do these alternative projects and being able to use an estimated cost and come to a resolution on a project cost without doing actual cost.    You know, I would like to get rid of a lot of the oversight. I like to get rid of a lot of the burden. I would like to simplify the programs to where we are able to make those determinations and get funds to people appropriately. You have given us those tools. On the other hand, you also hold us extremely accountable for any overpayments or any ineligible costs. That requires a bit of oversight. So there is a balance there.    I think the committee struck an extremely important balance with the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act by allowing us to move away from all the actual costs, where we have to continue to audit and review and survey the progress of the project to being able to come to a resolution on the front end, make a determination, agree to that, and make the payout.    I think we are doing this with the understanding that we have accountability both to this committee but to the taxpayers to make sure that we are only approving what was eligible, but at the same time it significantly reduces our cost in overhead of managing that, and it is giving more flexibilities to the local jurisdictions.    Now, this is a new tool. Not every State has embraced it. New Jersey has not been as aggressive as New York. It could be because the projects in New York lent them to the project, but we have also seen, particularly in debris, Oklahoma was able to take advantage of these tools and it vastly sped up their experience with debris and cost reimbursement.    So knowing what we have had in the past and what we have going forward, I have seen improvements. We have gotten feedback. We need to constantly work on that to get it better, but there is a balance there between too much burden and not being accountable to the taxpayer.    Mr. Fugate. No, I am not comfortable. I let staff talk me out of where I wanted to go. I thought that number should have been higher. We were looking at the percentage of projects that would fall in that, and the majority of them do. But I still think there is room to move it up. We have a lot of other Federal programs that administer much larger dollar figures with simpler grant processes.    I am comfortable that, through the IG's oversight and our ability to really focus in on what is eligible, that we can move that higher. I would also like to encourage input from our colleagues at the State and local level through their organizations.    But I think it is something the committee should look at too as we don't want to just raise that threshold so that we don't have any accountability. But I think there are a lot of things that we could do with that that would simplify the oversight, would not significantly grow the risk in exposure for uneligible work, and would drive down the cost and speed up recovery.    So what that number should be, I would like to work with the committee. I think we can go higher than $120,000. I thought we should have when we started this. But staff was able to pull the data, and, as the chairman says, we want to be data driven.    Mr. Fugate. We looked at data. And the majority of the projects that were falling in this category fall into that.    Mr. Fugate. Yes. But I still think there is room to move it higher. My ideal world is we have small projects up to the threshold of the alternative projects and we speed up all of the disasters. Currently our threshold for the alternative projects is $1 million. I don't know if small projects goes to $1 million, but I think, again, we give States the flexibility to choose how they want to do that.    But if we can maintain fiscal accountability, I am not opposed to raising the minimum threshold for small projects. I would defer to my State colleagues how high they think it should be and what they can manage. But I think as long as we can be accountable, it speeds up the process, drives down the cost to the taxpayer, and it doesn't change eligibility, so it would have been paid anyway, but at substantially less overhead cost to administer.    Mr. Fugate. As far as the benefits of the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act, it is absolutely an important tool.    The other lesson we learned from the events of Katrina is there are certain types of projects that are technically difficult that exceed the average capacity for people to manage, you need to have subject matter experts. So we engaged very early, we identified where these projects were going to be, whether they were hospitals or other large public infrastructures and we brought in a lot of experts.    But it wasn't until you passed the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act that we really had a tool to allow us to come to resolution. I think if we had been using the old program and only doing actual cost, there would have been more uncertainty for the applicant on what they could and couldn't do, it would have been more overhead in making those decisions, and they would not have had the ability to get what they were going to get from us and move forward. As it is, we have obligated the majority of those funds. They are now engaged in repair and construction. We still have projects from Katrina that have not even been resolved yet.    So I think, one, better understanding of the complexities of these projects on the front end. But, two, you gave us a tool we did not have before to more engage the applicants in getting a better resolution on what the project involved, getting a figure agreed to, and obligating those dollars on the front end versus waiting for construction to start and then constantly coming back for revisions and updates.    Mr. Fugate. I think it was alluded to by Representative Carson. When we talk about vulnerable populations, as we have built our programs, it is something that--and I have some disagreement with my State colleagues on this--nobody disagrees on the importance of getting this right. One of the things I observed is we always tend to treat the hard-to-do as an annex in our planning, our funding, and our programs. Instead of looking at the communities as they are in building our programs, so that they don't say, well, we need to have an annex for kids or we need to have an annex for people with animals or we need to have an annex for the elderly, they are part of the community, we need to plan more holistically, we need to plan for what is there and not exclude it.    And when you look at the vulnerable populations--and I will be honest with you, one of the growing challenges to disaster response is the increase in poverty and many in the middle class who have no safety net, who a disaster will wipe out all of their savings and wipe out their most important equity, generally their homes. We saw this in the 2004 hurricanes--I don't think people quite understand how big a role that poverty and lack of safety nets in the middle class who are just one payment away from losing it all makes them extremely vulnerable to disasters and very difficult to recover.    And I think this is one of the things, if we look at our programs, we cannot forget there are many parts of our community that are extremely vulnerable. Those numbers are growing. And it has a lot to do with the economy, the distribution of wealth, and the lack of resources among many people who consider themselves middle class but one disaster wipes them out and they suddenly find that those safety nets are not there for them either.    Mr. Fugate. There has been a lot of guidance issues. I am not sure, I will have to get back with NEMA on what more guidance is needed. I know there are ongoing discussions. But let me tell you what the outcome should look like, because I think if we don't know what the outcome looks like, we are going to talk a lot of process. And as a State director, I was very sensitive to this issue. As a local emergency manager, I was very sensitive to this issue. But a perfect--I won't say perfect, it shouldn't be perfect, it should be the expectation--you arrive at a shelter, you should not be turned away. If you arrive because you have got a pet, people have pets, we have to plan for it. If you show up with an oxygen tank. If you show up with a family member on a ventilator.    Now, it may not always be the best place, there may be other options. But I think what you want is, in a crisis, people don't really have the luxury of picking and choosing where they are going to go, so we would like to get to where most people, the majority of the population, can choose their shelter based upon what is convenient for them, not what we have only been willing or able to provide.    We are not there. And it is unfair to say that States and local governments should be there immediately. We are not where we are at because of lack of effort. It is that States and locals have to deal with existing buildings, many of which were not designed for people with disabilities. There are requirements to upgrade them, but many times it is minimal. The level of care, the type of equipment, and durable goods.    So this is a goal I think most of us agree to work towards: People should not be turned away from shelters because they are not easy to accommodate. But we also have to understand that is a lot easier to say than do. And there are some real challenges, both financially and the practicality of what can be done to get there.    And so we will continue to work with our partners at NEMA, with the Department of Justice, and with the disabled community who advocates for that right. And I think that is probably the thing that drives me passionately, is this is a civil right.    Mr. Fugate. So we have to do everything to ensure that we are maintaining that, while understanding this is not easy. If it was, nobody would be saying we have questions. But there are a lot of questions asked. What is a reasonable accommodation? To what degree should they be prepared for that? To what level should they implement that care? And probably the hard question is always, where is the money going to come from? Oftentimes in local governments, who have seen tremendous reductions in their staff and funding base, yet still expected to provide the service in a crisis, many of which will not be declared by the Federal Government, would not receive Federal dollars.    Mr. Fugate. Well, the Center for Domestic Preparedness is a hard place to get into because there is high demand. It is the only non-DOD facility in the United States that offers live-agent training, meaning that your HAZMAT team will actually go in and experience what it is like to handle lethal nerve agents and biological agents in a controlled environment. It is priceless training for those teams.    Our National Fire Academy in Emmitsburg is a capstone program for many fire executives, as well as training many specialized programs across the country, where people come in both for training there, but also training that is delivered at the State and programs that are developed jointly with the National Fire Academy. And then the Emergency Management Institute, co-located in Emmitsburg, providing training for State and local emergency managers, bringing together many of them outside of their normal work environment to share their experiences, but also get the latest updates.    It is both a capacity issue and staying current in these programs. So, again, the Center for Domestic Preparedness, we have funded for so many seats, we maximize that. The staff continues to look at how we can increase capacity. But it is a finite resource with high demand, and we try to accommodate those that have applied. But it is, again, a premier facility with capabilities not found elsewhere, with a very high demand for that resource.    Mr. Fugate. I learned a long time ago the person that says that we are fully prepared and we know exactly what is going to happen is a fool who will soon be----    Mr. Fugate. That is where we are going. What we changed in the question was, traditionally what was FEMA capable of responding to? As you point out, that is a fool's errand, because if you are only prepared to handle a certain level of disaster and something happens you don't expect, you fail.    So we went back and started looking at where was the risk in population, and not looking at what FEMA was capable of responding to, but what is the worst case that could happen. And we started asking questions that weren't easy to answer because the questions started generating response levels greater than the Federal Government. It forced us to really take a different look at how we fund--as you point out, the Homeland Security dollars--each jurisdiction, many of which were not likely to have a terrorist attack, but they are also a resource to the rest of the Nation when a big disaster happens. We saw this in Sandy where many responders from outside the area were able to respond because of the capabilities built with those Homeland Security dollars.    So we are following what you are pointing out. We cannot prepare for what we expect or what we are prepared to handle. We have to prepare for what could happen. This is driving our strategic planning, this is driving how we are looking at how we are structured, not to what we can respond to, but what could happen. And that is, again, driving a lot of our decisions.    We don't think the resources are necessarily the first answer, but it does require resources and sustained funding. It requires a budget. As you well know, operating under continuing resolutions is not how you prepare for catastrophic disasters. And in my term here, I have been under more continuing resolutions than I have under budgets.    So I would love to have staff, if necessary, if you are available to sit down and talk about this. But we are definitely trying to look at the future, looking at what could happen, looking at how you build that response.    Can I tell you it is built today? No, it is a work in progress. But I think we have moved past the barriers of only planning for what we know or what we are prepared to respond to and asking a much harder question: How bad could it be? And the President said this in an early meeting that I was attending, he said we can't protect everything, so we need to know what we can live without and what we can't. And if we can't live without as a Nation, that is where we need to really focus on.    And so when we start looking at disasters and where they could happen and where they are expected versus what could happen based upon the modeling, the data from various organizations and populations at risk, we are looking at how do you build. And it is not just FEMA, we call it whole Government because we have come back to it is going to take local, State, mutual aid, it is going to take the Federal Government, our Department of Defense, it is going to take our private sector, and it is going to take a lot of the public to respond to that scale of a disaster.    Mr. Fugate. Mr. Chairman and for the Delegate, I think we have some examples we have been doing; we call this catastrophic planning, but some of the work we have done in the Cascadia fault zone and subduction zone off the coast of the northwest U.S., the New Madrid earthquake risk which is, again, a very large risk over large areas. And I think we can show where we are going and tell you what we think is the path to get us there, and then that will give you an opportunity to look at are there additional tools that you can give us.    The last thing I would like to end with this is the Stafford Act was oftentimes a constraint seen as what FEMA was capable of doing. In the past year since I have been at FEMA, we have responded to Haiti, which is traditionally the role of USAID, but we were asked to support USAID and we did it. Last year we were asked to support unaccompanied children and the mass care issues of children in detention facilities, so we supported that. We were asked to support the Ebola response.    Many of these things may not be in the papers, but they are capabilities you built, and you gave us the tools under the Homeland Security Act as amended. The Stafford Act, however, is limited to oftentimes only those natural hazards with limited flexibility.    I think the Delegate brings up an important point. When you look at growing hazards such as cyber and others, what is the role of the Disaster Relief Fund in the consequence world? And if it is not in rebuilding in the emergency response costs and the ability to use the emergency declaration to mobilize and bring resources to bear, is it worthwhile looking at such things which--it is kind of a question--what is the role in a pandemic? It is not specifically excluded in the emergency declarations, but it is not mentioned.    Cyber. Again, we don't look to have the role in the prevention or the law enforcement or even the response to the technical aspects of it, but States and locals will be dealing with consequences of it, many of which will follow similar patterns of other types of hazards. We saw this in Deepwater Horizon. Again, the Coast Guard is the lead agency for that, had many of the tools to deal with the response. But much of the coordination with local and State governments had to be built.    And, again, FEMA is not looking to grow our role, but we think a better understanding of what the intent of Congress is, as you pointed out in the Homeland Security Act as amended, as the principal adviser to the President and to Congress on emergency management, but also our role and capabilities we have built for a lot of disasters, not limiting the applicability to other lead Federal agencies to support them or Governors when they fall outside traditional known disasters.    Mr. Fugate. Well, my sister lives in Marrero and she is on the wrong side of the Mississippi River levee system. So when the storms come, she is going to get flooded.    I also know that we did a lot of good work, Dave Paulison overseeing this in his term, of building back better. Plaquemines Parish made some very key decisions. When the latest storm hit, I believe it was Isaac, their EOC was elevated. They didn't have to shut down. I was with Governor Jindal driving through that hurricane getting down there. And they were able to maintain a full response. They evacuated. Where they had put in their levees--and much of this was their decisions--they were able to protect many parts of their community. They were also making decisions about what is not going to be defensible anymore and about buying out and relocating communities.    So we know this area. We have worked in it. But the numbers there and how you get to the numbers, the fact is the National Flood Insurance Program still owes and has borrowed from the Treasury to pay out--and, again, two of the very large payouts was Katrina but also Sandy--and it is not able to pay that debt down. It was paying it down slowly after Katrina.    And, again, this is a sense of Congress, is do we want to have an actuarially sound program? I think the answer is, for parts yes, but other parts we actually would bring people out of their homes, which I don't think was the intent, and I think that is why Congress came back and made that change in Biggert-Waters.    But we have got to make sure that we set an appropriate level that we can't run it as an insurance company and say it is going to be actuarially sound. We are going to have to understand we are going to underwrite risk because there is no other way to keep people in their homes.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. And, Administrator, in closing, I just want to say that I agree that taxpayers shouldn't be footing the bill in this case. However, we at the same time shouldn't call actuarial a program that is being run incredibly inefficiently, and the $17 billion Katrina expense that the Corps of Engineers admitted was actually their liability or their fault. Thank you.