    Ms. Zak. Chairman Poe, Ranking Member Keating, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for your interest in USTDA's work to help U.S. companies create jobs here at home while promoting sustainable development abroad.    As we were preparing for today, my staff came across a quote. It was incredibly relevant to the topic of this hearing. It is from former Secretary of State Cordell Hull who said, ``When goods and products cross borders, armies don't.'' Secretary Hull understood what we at USTDA strongly believe, that robust, diplomatic trade relationships mean resilient economies and secure nations.    Now more than ever, given the impact of globalization, America's prosperity depends on trade with strong, stable states. Establishing secure markets and fostering trade ties is exactly what we do. In fact, it is part of the unique dual mandate that Congress gave us. That is to promote U.S. private sector participation in development projects in emerging markets with an emphasis on sectors with significant U.S. exports.    USTDA approaches this mission in three important ways. First, we help to build infrastructure for economic development, stable markets for U.S. exports, and secure routes for global trade. Colombia, for example, has been a strategic focus of U.S. engagement in Latin America for decades. As part of this engagement, USTDA maintained an active portfolio to not only build the infrastructure in Colombia, but also to strengthen diplomatic and economic ties. During the negotiations of the U.S.-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement, USTDA helped the Port of Cartagena comply with the U.S. Customs Container Security Initiative. The port implemented changes from USTDA's technical assistance with the help of goods and services from several states. Moreover, Cartagena's designation as a CSI port strengthened commercial relations while enhancing the safety and security of cargo.    Second, our activities facilitate strategic partnerships to build long term trade ties. USTDA's public/private partnerships help U.S. industry establish long-lasting connections with leaders from the world's fastest growing markets. In fact, for those of you who have traveled to India, you probably didn't realize you were benefitting from the Agency's U.S.-India Aviation Cooperation Program. The ACP has enabled U.S. and Indian officials to collaborate in several critical areas, including safety and security. Because of the relationships that the ACP has developed, the Government of India asked USTDA for help in successfully restoring their Category 1 safety rating from the FAA. They have also asked us to help them develop the technical capacity to test, certify, and procure state-of-the-art aviation security equipment.    These projects present a significant opportunity for U.S. industry to provide India with the solutions necessary to achieve international standards and to meet its security needs. The India ACP is critical to the success of these efforts. That is because they, like our other PPPs, foster person-to-person connections, provide access to key stakeholders, and strengthen bilateral trade ties.    Third, and finally, I could not agree more with the chairman's statement regarding leveling the playing field and U.S. business doing the rest. That is why USTDA helps level the playing field for U.S. firms competing in international tenders.    Both our U.S. and foreign partners have told us about challenges presented by low cost procurement systems. I know at first blush this doesn't sound exciting, but relying on lowest cost often means that a host country is forced to acquire poor quality goods and services which is not in their long-term interest. We believe there is nothing low cost about buying something twice. Because we pride ourselves on listening to the needs of our stakeholders, we responded to this challenge by partnering with George Washington Law School to launch our Global Procurement Initiative. The GPI delivers customized solutions that target specific procurement issues.    One of our first GPI countries was Vietnam, a long-term partner of USTDA. They asked for our help in implementing their national procurement law which they revised to include low cost.    The GPI embodies our Agency's mandate. It responds to our partner countries' efforts to develop sustainable infrastructure projects. It also answers U.S. industry's call to level the playing field for greater international competition. Activities like these produce results for our foreign partners and for U.S. industry. And they provide a demonstrable return on taxpayer investments.    USTDA's current multiplier, $76 in exports for every $1 programmed is the highest in the Agency's history.    Ms. Zak. Certainly. USTDA leverages the private sector. In what we have before us is a development model that is new and it is effective. And with this development model, we lay the foundation for strong, stable states, states capable of preventing conflict, states capable of managing crises, capable of promoting prosperity. USTDA's development model advances economic interests of the United States and even more importantly, it safeguards U.S. national security. It ensures that U.S. goods and products cross borders so our military doesn't have to.    Chairman Poe, subcommittee members, thank you very much for having us here this morning. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Zak. USTDA's mandate is very clear. We focus on U.S. jobs, not jobs abroad. And we do not help with jobs abroad.    Ms. Zak. Thank you very much. The first thing that USTDA looks at is one, that it does create jobs in the United States. We focus on exports and we also focus on development opportunities. We also ensure that there is additionality, that our services are needed to be able move an active forward to implementation. Then we undergo a very serious due diligence process and we look at everything from the financial aspects to the legal aspects, and our due diligence process as well. But we look for mutual interest, but jobs are one of our number one criteria.    Ms. Zak. And just following on from what the chairman mentioned at the beginning and President Littlefield mentioned, 95 percent of the consumers are outside of the United States. This is a very important market and that there is a need to level the playing field which is one of the things that our agency does.    And last year alone, for every dollar programmed, we are seeing $76 in U.S. exports, we noted that there were $5.8 billion associated with our program which supports approximately a little over 32,000 jobs. So it is important to jobs, exports, and the future.    Ms. Zak. And USTDA helps to build infrastructure. So with respect to trade one of the things we do is that we help to develop infrastructure in other economies. But we want to ensure that it is done in a way that creates a fair playing field for U.S. businesses and jobs to be created at the same time.    USTDA has also helped with respect to the implementation so that we ensure that standards that are required under trade agreements are met as well.