    Dr. DeCicco. Thank you. And I wish to thank the Chairman----    Dr. DeCicco. Yes. I wish to thank the Chairmen and Ranking Members, as well as other members of the subcommittee and full committee for inviting me to today's hearing.    My name is John DeCicco, and I hold a doctorate in engineering from Princeton. Before joining the University of Michigan faculty in 2009, I worked professionally on energy issues since 1977, including 21 years at major environmental organizations. However, the findings I'm presenting today are my own professional views as an independent academic and do not reflect those of the University of Michigan, my past affiliations, or funders.    My research shows that the Renewable Fuel Standard, or RFS, has been harmful to the environment from its inception. Now, ten years after the 2005 Energy Policy Act, the program has resulted in higher CO<INF>2</INF> emissions than would have otherwise incurred. It also harms the environment in other ways. Sadly, the adverse impacts of the RFS have grown worse since it was expanded by the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007.    The notion that renewable fuels readily reduce CO<INF>2</INF> is based on a scientifically incorrect understanding of carbon neutrality. Only under certain conditions does substituting a biofuel for a fossil fuel neutralize the CO<INF>2</INF> leaving a tailpipe. For that to occur, harvesting the feedstock must significantly increase how rapidly cropland absorbs CO<INF>2</INF> from the atmosphere on a net basis. That condition is not met for corn ethanol mandated by the RFS. It might be satisfied for cellulosic feedstocks, but once properly evaluated, the gains may not be as great as advocates assume.    The lifecycle models used to calculate fuel carbon footprints, including EPA's RFS model and the DOE-sponsored GREET model, automatically credit all biofuels with complete carbon neutrality without checking whether that assumption is valid. My studies, which rely on crop data instead of computer modeling, find that the carbon neutrality condition is not being met.    We evaluated corn ethanol for which lifecycle analysis claim to a 40 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions compared to gasoline. But examining data for the croplands actually supplying the facility finds no significant reduction in emissions. Under some circumstances, the emissions could be as much as 70 percent higher than those of gasoline. And these results do not even include the indirect land-use change, which would increase biofuel-related emissions even more.    The key problem is that diverting harvest from existing productive land does not remove more carbon from the air than was already being removed during prior crop growth. All it does is it shuffle carbon around. In effect, it robs Peter to pay Paul.    Our ongoing research involves a detailed carbon balance analysis of U.S. renewable fuel production since 2005. Preliminary results show that no significant direct CO<INF>2</INF> reduction can be claimed for the RFS. Once indirect land-use change is considered, the result is substantially higher CO<INF>2</INF> emissions overall.    Excess CO<INF>2</INF> is not the only environmental harm caused by this policy. Fellow University of Michigan researchers have documented how ethanol production has destroyed habitat for waterfowl and other wildlife. Expanding corn ethanol production is worsening water pollution, contributing to algae blooms in the Gulf of Mexico and Lake Erie. And as for other air pollution, recent research found that the country's third-largest corn ethanol refinery emits 30 times more air pollution than was assumed for the RFS regulatory analysis.    Ethanol's corrosive properties are also incompatible with cars already on the road and degrade the operation of lawnmowers, motorboats, and other gasoline-powered equipment used by homeowners and businesses alike.    In summary, a careful look at the data shows that the studies used to justify the RFS were flawed. Scientifically speaking, lifecycle analysis is an inappropriate method for specifying public policy. Inserting lifecycle requirements into the law has proven to be a mistake. Only a direct year-at-a-time accounting provides a scientifically sound way to evaluate the CO<INF>2</INF> impact of fuels. Once that is done, it is clear that the production and use of biofuels, as mandated by the RFS, has increased CO<INF>2</INF> emissions to date.    Thank you again for allowing me to share my findings, and I'll look forward to any questions you may have.    Dr. DeCicco. That's right, for nine years.    Dr. DeCicco. I certainly would not so----    Dr. DeCicco. That's correct, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. DeCicco. Sure. The thing to keep in mind is that all of the claims for reduction on biofuels depend on this carbon-neutrality assumption. When that's not met, you start with essentially a wash when you're comparing, say, ethanol to gasoline or biodiesel to petroleum diesel. And then you have to look at the process emissions from that basis. And it's not nearly as efficient to process corn ethanol from biomass as it is to process gasoline from petroleum.    In fact, from a carbon-efficiency point of view, basic chemistry tells us that when you ferment the fuel--and this goes for any fermentation based ethanol, whether it comes from a cellulosic feedstock or starch like corn or sugarcane--for every molecule of ethanol that you produce, 1 molecule of CO<INF>2</INF> gets produced as beer bubbles. You know, when you ferment, you have a frothy thing. It creates     So if you can no longer assume that that's free CO<INF>2</INF>, free carbon enough fuel, which is false by my analysis of cropland data, then right there you lose a lot of carbon back to the atmosphere during processing. So when you add that back in, when you add in the emissions to make fertilizer, when you add in the emissions to run the bio refineries even for natural gas in a dry mill, which is a pretty efficient form of biorefinery, and take away this automatic credit that the lifecycle models assume, you can end up with 70 percent higher emissions.    And that's not the end of the story. I mean that's not the upper limit on the damage when you begin to look at the ripple effects.    Dr. DeCicco. Sure. When you divert crops from the food and feed market, and what's going on in the country now, around 40 percent of our corn harvest is going into ethanol production. Now, some of that comes back as co-product, but it nets out to about 30 percent. Well, does that mean people are eating 30 percent less food or that we're having 30 percent less cattle? No.    We have a global commodity market, and what happens is that when grains are diverted into the fuel market, that grain that would otherwise be used for food has to get made up somewhere else. And if you trace that, as a number of scientific analyses have done in the past several years, and look at the ripple effect, the loss of grain from American field due to the biofuel mandate results, for example, in additional deforestation in Brazil and sub-Saharan Africa as the food markets try to compensate and have to put more land into production.    This is a highly uncertain effect, but there's no doubt because of the coupling of global commodity markets that this effect, which is known as indirect land-use change, is occurring.    Dr. DeCicco. I'm a mechanical engineer.    Dr. DeCicco. I work for the University of Michigan at the Energy Institute.    Dr. DeCicco. Sure. Thanks for the opportunity.    You know, there's--science is never static. It moves. We learn things as time goes on. I hate to admit this, but in the mid-1990s I was the author of the first paper, first academic paper to call for the use of lifecycle analysis and regulation as an incentive to produce advanced biofuels, cellulosic fuels in particular. And it was based on the early studies that are the precursors and set the template for all the government models now in use.    I didn't know then what I have since learned about the realities of the carbon cycle, and what I realized several years ago as I began picking apart the models and trying to understand, okay, why is there so much controversy here that never seems to get resolved? It's that the government models, the GREET model, which has been the basis for so many of these claims, effectively violate the law of conservation of mass. They effectively, in the computer, create carbon for the sake of offsetting the carbon out of the tailpipe without bothering to check whether additional carbon has been removed from the atmosphere.    Now, Mr. Coleman says, well, I'm raising some unproven theory about additionality. Additionality, you know, the need for additional carbon is just another word for conservation of mass. There's no such thing as free carbon. Carbon is the fuel of life. You know, we have to be careful when we say willy-nilly we need to de-carbonize the economy. I personally don't want to be de-carbonized, and I don't think any of us do. Our whole food chain and the whole carbon cycle by which plants at the base of the food chain take carbon from the air and utilize it to feed everything else is what's going on here. And if you take that, that's what I meant by you can't rob Peter to pay Paul. If you just take that carbon, it has to be made up somewhere else.    So I am in a situation of someone kind of saying, well, the emperor has no clothes because the emperor in this case is the Department of Energy and its models that became the template for the RFS, and EPA's models, which did its own modeling using a similar format, the same with the California Air Resources Board. And here I am coming along and saying, oops, you guys got it wrong. Your models violate conservation of mass. You haven't checked whether that carbon that you're crediting automatically against the tailpipe was actually additional carbon in the sense that it came out of the air without stealing from the food or feed system.    So I certainly realize that my criticism of these biofuel policies does fly in the face of piles of publications, but unfortunately, those publications got it wrong.    Dr. DeCicco. Oh----    Dr. DeCicco. We are growing a bit more. The keyword that you said here is more. You know, in other words, if we had a barren piece of desert and then irrigated it, fertilized it, grew corn on it, then that piece of desert would be growing more corn in a way that takes more carbon out of the air than was previously being taken out. And then you could legitimately claim that that carbon in that corn feedstock offsets the emissions when the ethanol is burned. But I'm not aware that we're getting most of our corn from land that used to be barren deserts.    Dr. DeCicco. That's right.    Dr. DeCicco. Well, the thing to keep in mind is to neutralize those emissions the way you're saying is that you need to come up with more carbon that was already being taken out of the air. Now, that can happen. So let me turn to an example. I think, you know, this DuPont--new DuPont facility that was--    Dr. DeCicco. Yes.    Dr. DeCicco. Sure.    Dr. DeCicco. Well, that's the rub here. In other words, if you have corn that already removed carbon from the atmosphere, it's quite true that that corn was already, you know, being digested and, you know, calories burned results in CO<INF>2</INF> being exhaled. If you take it and use it for fuel, that carbon still comes out of the air in the tailpipe. So the question then becomes, as I said before, does that mean that that calorie consumption, the corn that was being consumed by people and livestock, has disappeared? And the answer is no, it's certainly not disappeared.    And this is again why it is, you know, the conservation of mass. And yes, mass and energy were--we are fortunately dealing with non-relativistic velocities in the commodity markets, that you can't just assume that because the carbon was recently grown that it's sufficient to balance out the system, which is using huge volumes of carbon already for food and feed. And that's the--you know, the essence of how I, you know, have essentially picked apart and found the flaws in the lifecycle models.    Dr. DeCicco. Dr. DeCicco. Yes, I know what MTBE is.    Dr. DeCicco. Sure. I would be happy to explain that. In particular, the part of air quality that I'm focusing on is the CO<INF>2</INF> emissions because that's the emissions that the ethanol proponents claim that would be reduced by the use of ethanol.    When it comes right down to it, it's a matter of chemistry for the fuel. Carbon, as I said, is the fuel of life and it provides energy both to people through calories and we can also use carbon-based fuels to provide energy for cars and trucks and airplanes. And it's a great energy carrier. So ethanol is a carbon-based fuel, and that is somewhat compatible with gasoline although, as we've heard, there's limits and problems associated with putting too much of it into the gasoline.    But when you burn ethanol, the combustion still creates a CO<INF>2</INF> coming out of the tailpipe, same for biodiesel. And so a short way of thinking about it is that if biofuels were to have a benefit for CO<INF>2</INF>, it's not when they're burned. I mean when you burn it, you have to burn that carbon, CO<INF>2</INF> comes out of the tailpipe.    So then you have to ask, okay, well, if the reduction of CO<INF>2</INF> does not occur at the tailpipe, where might it occur? And this is where you have to go back and say, well, did we remove more CO<INF>2</INF> when we harvested the feedstock than the plants were already absorbing from the air? And if you haven't done that--and the vast majority of biofuel that we grow--we are growing it on existing cropland, sourcing the corn and soybeans from existing cropland--you've not removed more CO<INF>2</INF> from the air.    Now, yields have gone up a little bit. My analysis accounts for that. But that's just a small increase in the removal. But the bottom line is, because there's no benefit to the atmosphere when the biofuel is burned, unless you pull more CO<INF>2</INF> out of the air, which you might do by harvesting stover, corn stover, residues, so there's a potential there to get a benefit that way, but unless you do something like that, if all you do is divert existing crop production into the fuel market, then right off the bat there's no benefit. And as I said before, then you have to add in all those excess emissions associated with processing the fuel, and the picture starts to look very bad very soon.    Dr. DeCicco. Absolutely not.    Dr. DeCicco. Yes, it could. As you move into sort of the various parts of the low-blend realm, you can worsen evaporative emissions from ethanol. It's--I wouldn't want to say that it's a large effect, but it's an aggravating effect.    Dr. DeCicco. Well, I'm sticking kind of myself on the environmental side here. I know there's different views on the----    Dr. DeCicco. --food price impacts.    Dr. DeCicco. Sure. I take issue with the mandating of the fuels from an environmental point of view. I think it's important to support the research side. In other words, as I've pointed out, there is a potential if it's done right, if technology materializes in an economically viable way at commercial scale for forms of cellulosic production in a way that has failed to materialize for nearly 40 years now--I mean, this is not a new area of research--then, you know, that could be a good thing provided the land use is properly managed and that there are guarantees that the actual production of whatever biomass is going to be going into the cellulosic fuel is done in such a way that it increases the rate at which carbon is removed from the atmosphere without depriving the food and feed system of carbon.    So there's two big ifs that have not been met, are not in my estimation close to being met for the commercial viability of so-called advanced biofuels. So, yes, you know, in terms of this committee's role in advising the research programs, we should continue research in this area and maybe make, you know, progress through that. But when it comes to intervening in the marketplace and trying to force fuels in that are not commercially viable that have a dubious carbon pedigree anyway because the analyses backing them were done incorrectly, I think that, you know, is very questionable----    Dr. DeCicco. --due to mandated----    Dr. DeCicco. That's correct. I mean, that's an example where if you're capturing carbon, harvesting carbon say from forest residues that are at risk of causing a fire and burning up anyway or corn stover to the extent you can do that without overly degrading your soils, that would decay anyway, release its carbon, those are examples of what I mean by additional carbon. You know, you're getting additional carbon because you're taking carbon that otherwise would either burn or decay without being put to commercial use.    So those are potentially legitimate sources of carbon, but I don't think that that then justifies some kind of mandatory use. I think that you need to look at that situation carefully, and then I would go back to we need to have the right market signals here involved, and that's not something you get through a technology winner-picking mandate.    Dr. DeCicco. Sure. I think, as you pointed out, at the time that the law was passed and especially when EISA greatly expanded the renewable fuel mandate, there were really sort of three public policy rationales. You can kind of think of them as a three-legged stool that propped up this expansive requirement for renewable fuels. And as you point out, one is rural economy. And, you know, I'm certainly not going to question that. I mean there's--I don't think there's a doubt that creating additional demand for grains and other farm commodities is going to help those economies.    Then there's the energy security rationale. Well, I think that these commodity markets respond slowly, especially the oil market. And I think we've seen a lot more energy security come from increased petroleum than we have from relatively small and relatively costly biofuel. So I'm not so sure about that second leg.    The environmental lag, in spite of, I think, good intentions and Department of Energy-sponsored analyses and so on, that has not stood the test of time scientifically. I mean I would have to say, you know, the way I look at my analyses is I've essentially cut off that environmental leg.    So whether the RFS can stand on, you know, a rural economic development leg and perhaps an energy security leg--and I'll kind of let others debate it--there's certainly no longer an environmental rationale for a mandate like this.    Dr. DeCicco. I'm not aware of that. I mean I do acknowledge that the criticism--environmental criticisms that have come to the fore in this policy in terms of the scientific literature are relatively recent. We know more now than we did some time ago.    I would say--and I'm happy to put this in the record--in 2002 I was at the Environmental Defense Fund and co-authored a brief position statement on the prospect of a mandate. And myself and the other colleague there, Tim Searchinger, now at Princeton University, we raised red flags. Not all the science was in place for me at that time to be able to give as strong a criticism on the environment as I'm able to do today, but we were certainly concerned and wary of the risks at that time.    Unfortunately, you know, it's taking some time for that to be assimilated, digested by a lot of people, the Department of Energy and elsewhere, who have been guided by analyses that we now know were incorrect.