    Dr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and appreciate you being here, Director. I think we owe it to the 11 individuals who lost their lives to be here and discuss and examine safety improvements, and I appreciate you being here.    It is fair to say that it is absolutely not possible to eliminate all risk from the industry. Is that correct?    Dr. Hice. So, that being the case, what you are all about, and what the industry is trying to do as a whole, is to develop regulations, protocols, standards that, as much as possible, eliminates as much risk as possible.    Dr. Hice. OK. So, I know so many questions, we have gone down this, but based on that, do you personally believe that the stakeholders, as well as the industry as a whole, is taking that charge seriously, to, as much as possible, eliminate as much risk as possible from every perspective possible?    Dr. Hice. So, with those companies that are not taking safety seriously, what percentage would you say, just off the top of your head, are those type of companies?    Dr. Hice. So what is being done to those--other than just communication, is there anything to help pressure them to----    Dr. Hice. So all that is taking place is meetings. There is no----    Dr. Hice. And what if they don't comply?    Dr. Hice. OK.    Dr. Hice. All right. Thank you for that. According to the current 5-year plan by the Department of the Interior, all this includes some potential Atlantic lease sale type things, which is very important to my district, as a whole. How have the regulatory changes, including the proposed blowout preventers--has that in any way impacted or changed the potential offshore lease in the Atlantic?    Dr. Hice. So that can still go forward?    Dr. Hice. OK.    Dr. Hice. All right. So, just as an overall summary, I guess, what are some of the lessons, both from the stakeholders, industry as a whole, that have been learned to ensure that safety--that the new areas utilizing the latest technology and so forth for safety is in place?    Dr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mrs. Torres.    Dr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate each of you being here, and the testimony that you have given regarding the various changes that have been made in the last 5 years.    But, for the sake of the committee members, Mr. Williams, let me go to you. Would you expand some on the concept of stop work authority?    Dr. Hice. How often is that utilized?    Dr. Hice. It is not related to major safety items?    Dr. Hice. So it is minor issues like what?    Dr. Hice. So, if companies are rewarding individuals for reporting unsafe environmental or--environment within the workplace issues, that would be a significant help on safety, overall.    Dr. Hice. You would certainly think so.    Dr. Hice. In addition to that, before I change the subject, can you comment a little bit on some of the investments--I will use that word--made by the industry to help improve safety?    Specifically, Ms. Hopkins, as you mentioned a moment ago on incident prevention, containment response, those types of things. I know you mentioned four areas. Let me, I will just direct this to you, Ms. Hopkins. You mentioned four areas. But can you just go more specifically on the investments made here, and the impact that is resulting from that?    Dr. Hice. So it is fair to say, though, that billions of dollars are being spent. It is not a small amount of money. So there is a significant investment to address these issues.    Dr. Hice. Let me ask you while I have you here. In my home state of Georgia there is conversation about the potential of offshore energy in the Atlantic. And so, with that, a lot of constituents are talking about it. Can you please comment on the benefit that offshore exploration would have in the Atlantic, as well as the degree of certainty that you would have regarding the safety of that operation, compared to, say, 2010?    Dr. Hice. OK. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Costa.