    Mr. THOMPSON. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the witnesses for being here.    I want to make a couple remarks about Medicare, because I think they were missed in the opening comments from everyone who has spoken.    I think it is important to note that spending growth has been cut nearly in half over the past 6 years, in regard to Medicare. And that is at the same time that our aging population is growing.    And also I think it is important to note that the Hospital Trust Fund is solvent, and the projections show that it is solvent through the year 2030.    And then probably as important and, for those of us who go home to our district every weekend probably more important, seniors really like it. It is an important program.    And I think Mr. Moffit said it, that there is nothing being proposed here today that is a novel idea. And I think Mr. McDermott said it a little differently. He said it is a rehash of a bunch of stuff that we have heard time and time again. And I agree with both of you.    I really think that there is an opportunity to drill down and figure out how we can enhance a program that seniors really like, and make sure that it does everything that we would all like it to do. And Ms. Baicker stated that, in addition to good health care, it is the idea of financial wellbeing for the beneficiaries and their families, and that is the important distinction. Families are very much a part of this.    So I wish that, instead of doing the not-novel stuff, or the rehash of old stuff, we were looking at some things that would really accomplish what all three of you are nodding in agreement with, what I am talking about.    I would like to see us talk about expansion of tele-health. And there are a couple of us on the Committee--I have a bill, myself--there are a couple of us who have been working on expansion of tele-health. And it is beneficial in more than just underserved or rural areas. It is good public policy that we could use to really improve the Medicare program that we all say we support. And it works, it saves lives, and it saves money, and it is, in fact, bipartisan.    Also, I think we ought to look at mental health services in Medicare, especially if we are talking about the wellbeing of the beneficiary and the beneficiary's family. Seniors should be able to see marriage and family therapists. It would really enhance the program, and would really help considerably.    So, as we address the Medicare issues, the one thing that we can't do, I believe, is make it more difficult for seniors, less services for seniors, or more expensive for seniors. And I am worried that some of the issues we are talking about are going down that road. And I think that that is inappropriate.    And I would like to ask Mr. Guterman a question. If we were to put in place all of these reforms or changes that we are talking about, who would the winners and who would the losers be?    Mr. THOMPSON. Are there adequate protections in the private market for Medicare beneficiaries?    Mr. THOMPSON. But if we were to do the voucher, for instance, where folks would have to go out into the private market to obtain their coverage----    Mr. THOMPSON . Are those protections----    Mr. THOMPSON. So how would sicker patients fare if we were to do this?    Mr. THOMPSON. How would sicker patients fare?    Mr. THOMPSON. And what would it do to the risk pool?    Mr. THOMPSON. Thank you.