    Secretary Carter. Thank you very much, Chairman Thornberry. Thank you, Congresswoman Davis, thank you also.    And all the members of the committee, thank you for having me here today. It is a pleasure to be with you once again.    I have had the opportunity to speak with many of you before, but this is my first time testifying as the Secretary of Defense. And I know that all of you, all of you on the committee, including the 23 veterans on this committee, share the same devotion that I do to what is the finest fighting force the world has ever known. And to the defense of our great country. And I thank you for that. And I hope that my tenure as Secretary of Defense will be marked by partnership with you on their behalf.    I am here to present the President's budget for the Department of Defense for this year, fiscal year 2016, and I strongly support the President in requesting a defense budget above the artificial caps of the Budget Control Act, that is, above so-called sequester levels, next year, and in the years thereafter.    I also share the President's desire to find a way forward that upholds the fundamental principles behind the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013. And I support his commitment to vetoing any bill that locks in sequestration, because to do otherwise would be both unsafe and wasteful.    The administration is therefore proposing to increase the defense budget in line with the projections submitted to Congress last year, halting the decline in defense spending imposed by the Budget Control Act, while giving us the resources we need to execute our Nation's defense strategy.    As the chairman noted, strategy comes first. And that is the appropriate way to think about the budget.    But, and I want to be very clear about this, under sequestration, which is set to return in 197 days, our Nation will be less secure.    And Mr. Chairman, as you and your colleagues have said, sequestration threatens our military's readiness. It threatens the size of our warfighting forces, the capabilities of our air and naval fleets, and ultimately, the lives of our men and women in uniform. And the Joint Chiefs have said the same.    And the great tragedy is that this corrosive damage to our national security is not a result of objective factors, logic, reason. Instead, sequester is purely the fallout of political gridlock. Its purpose was to compel prudent compromise on our long-term fiscal challenges. A compromise that never came.    And this has been compounded in recent years, because the Defense Department has suffered a double whammy. The worst of both worlds, that has coupled mindless sequestration with constraints on our ability to reform. We need your help with both.    And I know that Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, and others on this committee, are as dedicated to reform as I am. And I appreciate the--your dedication to it and the opportunity to work with you, because we at the Pentagon can and we must do better at getting value for the defense dollar. There are significant savings to be found across DOD, and we are committed to pursuing them.    But at the same time, I have to note that in the past several years, painful but necessary reforms proposed by DOD, reforms involving elimination of overhead and unneeded infrastructure, retirement of older systems, and reasonable adjustments in compensation have been denied by Congress at the same time that sequestration has loomed.    If confronted with sequestration-level budgets and continued obstacles to reform, I do not believe that we can simply keep making incremental cuts. We would have to change the shape and not just the size of our military, significantly impacting parts of our defense strategy. We cannot meet sequester with further half measures.    As Secretary of Defense, I will not send troops into a fight with outdated equipment, inadequate readiness, or ineffective doctrine. But everything else is on the table, including parts of our budget that have long been considered inviolate.    This may lead to decisions that no Americans, including Members of Congress, want us to make.    And, now, I am not afraid to ask the difficult questions. But if we are stuck with sequestration's budget cuts over the long term, our entire Nation will have to live with the answers. So instead of sequestration, I urge you to embrace the alternative--building the force of the future. Powerful enough to underwrite our strategy. Equipped with boldly new technology as the chairman stressed. Leading in domains like cyber and space. Being lean and efficient throughout the enterprise. Showing resolve to friends and potential foes alike. And attracting and retaining the best Americans to our mission. Americans like the elite cyber-warriors I met last week when I visited our Cyber Command. That is the alternative that we can have without sequestration.    So, Mr. Chairman, the world in 2014 was more complicated than anyone could have predicted. Given today's security environment, the President's proposed increase in defense spending over last year's budget is responsible, prudent, and essential for providing our troops what they need and what they fully deserve.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you, sir.    General Dempsey, I am not quite ready to let you go yet, so I am not gonna talk about this being one of your last hearings. But thank you for being here, and please make any oral comments you would like to make.    General Dempsey. Thank you, Chairman, Congresswoman Davis, distinguished members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to provide you an update on our Armed Forces and to discuss the defense budget for 2016.    And I will add, it has been a rare privilege to have represented the Armed Forces of the United States, the men and women who serve around the world, before this committee to live up to our Article I, Section 8 responsibility together. And so, if this is my last hearing, I thank you for the opportunity, and if it is not, until we meet again.    I would ask you, Chairman, to submit my written statement for the record, and I will defer the many--I will defer mention in my opening statement of the many security challenges we face because I am quite confident they will be addressed in questions.    But I will say the global security environment is as uncertain as I have seen in my 40 years of service. And, we are at a point where our national aspirations are at risk of exceeding our available resources.    We have heard the Congress loud and clear as it has challenged us to become more efficient and to determine the minimum essential requirements we need to do what the Nation asks us to do. And PB16 is actually that answer.    In my judgment this budget represents a responsible combination of capability, capacity, and readiness. It is what we need to remain at the bottom edge of manageable risk against our national security strategy. There is no slack.    I have been here for 4 years now, and we have watched our budget authority decline. I am reporting to you today there is no slack, no margin left for error, nor for response to strategic surprise.    Funding lower than PB16 and a lack of flexibility to make the internal reforms that we need to make will put us in a situation where we will have to adjust our national security strategy. That doesn't mean it disappears in its entirety, but we will have to make some adjustments to the way we do business.    You may decide that is a good thing. I will certainly be willing to have that conversation with you.    For the past 25 years, the United States military has secured the global commons. We have deterred adversaries, we have reassured our allies, and we have responded to crises and to conflict principally by maintaining our presence abroad. It has been our strategy to shape the international environment by our forward presence and by building relationships with regional partners.    In general terms, one third of our force is forward-deployed, one third has just returned, and the other third is preparing to go.    Of necessity, even at that, there have been certain capabilities who actually operate half the time deployed and half the time back at home. And this, as you know, puts a significant strain on the men and women and their families who serve in those particular specialties.    Sequestration will fundamentally and significantly change the way we deploy the force and the way we shape the security environment. We will be, at the end of the day, if sequestration is imposed, 20 percent smaller, and our forward presence will be reduced by more than a third.    We will have less influence, and we will be less responsive. Conflict will take longer to resolve and will create more casualties and cost more. In an age when we are less certain about what will happen next, but I think we would agree, quite certain that it will happen more quickly, we will be further away and less ready than we need to be. Simply stated, sequestration will result in a dramatic change in how we protect our Nation and how we promote our national security interests.    Mr. Chairman, members of this committee, our men and women in uniform are performing around the globe with extraordinary courage, character, and professionalism. We owe them and their families clarity and, importantly, predictability on everything from policy to compensation, health care, equipment, training, and readiness.    Settling down uncertainty in our decision-making processes and getting us out of the cycle that we have been in, which has been one year at a time, will help us keep the right people, which, after all, is our decisive edge as a nation in our All-Volunteer Force, and we will be able to maintain the military that the American people deserve and, frankly, expect.    I am grateful for the continued support to our men in uniform--men and women in uniform from this committee and from the Congress of the United States, and I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you, sir.    I might also note that we have Mr. Michael McCord, the Comptroller of the Department, who is available with us to answer questions.    And Mr. McCord, I might just warn you that audit came up several times yesterday with the service chiefs, and if somebody else doesn't ask about it, I am going to at the end, because there is concern that some of the defense-wide agencies are going to be the hold-up rather than the services. And we will get into that as appropriate.    Mr. Secretary, I very much appreciate your willingness to work with us and the Senate on various reform issues. I think you make excellent points about the need to find greater efficiency in the Department.    And again, thinking back to what you wrote 15 years ago, as the chairman just said, our security environment is incredibly more complicated than we could have imagined in the year 2000 when you wrote those words.    And so it seems to me that even more than efficiency, some sort of reform, and especially reform in how we acquire goods and services, is needed to make the Department more agile, because there is no way we are going to predict what is happening. And if we--if it takes us 20 years to field a new system, there is no way we will be up with technology or meeting the threat.    So the need for agility is even a higher priority, in my mind, than the need for efficiency.    Do you have any comments about how that interplays?    Secretary Carter. I think that is very wise.    It is not just about saving money; if we can't keep up with the pace at which technology is changing in the world as a whole and we can't turn technological corners faster than a typical program duration now in the Department of Defense, which lasts years and years and years, we are not going to be the most modern military.    So it is not just a matter of saving money; it is a matter of being the best. And the word ``agility'' is a perfect one.    Back when that was written, it was even apparent then, 15 years ago, that the era in which all the technology of consequence to defense was developed within the Department of Defense and within the United States, it was even apparent then that that era was coming to an end.    Now a lot of technology of vital importance to defense is out there in the world. We need to be the fastest and the first to have it in order to keep up with and keep ahead of all our opponents. So I couldn't agree with you more.    The Chairman. And let me ask about one other area of reform.    A number of people are concerned about the reductions in end strength for especially the Army and the Marine Corps. And yet as one looks at the Pentagon, you haven't seen commensurate reductions in the number of folks who work there.    And so there is interest, including from a number of people who come out of the Obama administration, to streamline the bureaucracy in the Department and thin out some of those layers that add cost and time to--that affect this agility we were talking about.    Is that something that is on your radar screen, and is there a chance we could work together to give you some authorities to move folks around but have the effect of thinning that out and lowering the bureaucratic hassles?    Secretary Carter. I would very much welcome and appreciate your help in that regard.    Now, a lot of that is on us, and we need to do it ourselves. But in many cases, we would benefit from legislative help.    But if--as you used the example of end strength, if all we are doing in a period of straightened budget is shrinking tooth and the tail remains the same size, that is an unjustifiable way of managing the place.    So we have gotta, gotta, gotta get after these headquarters, these offices that were set up once upon a time, seemed like a good idea at the time, but have lost their purpose or lost their way or lost their vitality, and we need to be aggressive with ourselves and rigorous.    So I would very much appreciate your help and working with you. And I don't know who those people are that you said, but I associate myself with them, if that is the----    The Chairman. Well, I think there is interest on that on both sides of the aisle, again, and we look forward to working with you.    Mr. Chairman, let me just ask you one question. When you were kind enough to be with us at our retreat, and you said we could quote you--that the President's budget level was the lower ragged edge of what it takes to defend the country.    The President has requested $561 billion in base, $51 billion in OCO for a total of $612 billion when you put it together.    Is it still your opinion that that is the bare minimum. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but how would you describe how that figure, $612 billion, meets the national security needs of the country for the coming fiscal year?    General Dempsey. Thank you, Chairman.    As I mentioned at our retreat, or your retreat where you were kind enough to invite me, the strategy that we developed in 2012, if you recall, we submitted a budget to support that strategy in 2012 and then in 2013 and 2014, and the budget has been continually pushing down from that level at which we said we could achieve our strategy at moderate risk.    We are now at the point where the risk to the strategy has increased. And what we are reporting to you, as a group of Joint Chiefs, is that we have reached the edge of that.    So anything below that level of budget support, however you choose to knit it together for the total amount, will cause us to have to adjust our strategy. It is as simple as that.    Some of those adjustments will not be life-altering, if you will, or security-environment altering, and some very well may be.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mrs. Davis.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you, and I will give you some examples. And I realize this is not a popularity contest, in terms of these proposals. Because they are tough things to do. And that is why there has been debate over them.    Secretary Carter. I think that is why we are all here. We have to do what we have to do for the country's defense. But it is tough.    And it falls into three categories. And I am using the categories that I have learned from the chairman. One is in the acquisition area, where we need to have the discipline to stop things that aren't working. To not pretend that something is going to work when it isn't, just to keep going. That we can afford it, when we can't, just to keep going. Then we have to stop it and all the money on it has been wasted.    So in the acquisition area there is a lot----    Secretary Carter. Yes, I--well, there is--one is the process and the paperwork, which is ridiculous, and which leads to these perverse results. Because the system can sort of keep suggesting to itself that it is doing the right thing.    And the other thing is the incentives that we--remember we don't do anything in the Pentagon--we don't build anything in the Pentagon. We contract out to our excellent industry. So we depend upon our industry and the incentives that we give them that to provide what we need that are included in contracts and other relationship is another place that is critical to think about in the area of acquisition.    Then there is compensation, how we compensate our troops, our retirees, families, all very important, very sensitive issues. But an important part of our spending.    And then a third is the one the chairman was mentioning a moment ago which is kind of the overhead--the people overhead, the facilities infrastructure, and I know base closings are not a wonderfully popular thing either.    But at some point, when the budget comes down, you need to make sure that you are taking away the tail the same way you take away the tooth.    So I would--I organize it in those three categories which I think are the same ones that the chairman does. But these are difficult choices, there is no question about it. We can only do these things when we do them together. I know they are hard.    Secretary Carter. Well thank you for that, Congressman, and your very straightforward question. I will try to give you a very straightforward and honest answer. There are kind of two parts to it.    One is, the effectiveness and the controls on contingency contracting in Afghanistan and before that in Iraq. There were and persist issues with contingency contracting, going back years now. And I know that Mr. Sopko tracks them.    And I remember when I was Under Secretary for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, the difficulties in teaching our people to do contingency contracting in such a way that there were always--that contracts were awarded properly. That they were overseen when they were being executed. And that was not happening in Afghanistan in many places.    I think the Department has improved over these long years of war, but it is not perfect yet by any means. It is not where it should be. So I want to associate myself with your argument. I guess, indirectly, and Mr. Sopko's, we have got some work to do.    On the strategic question of Afghanistan, I would say the following: I--it, to me, ``rat hole'' doesn't quite capture where we are in Afghanistan. I certainly hope that where we are in Afghanistan is that we are going to be able over the next couple of years to increasingly turn the security, the basic security for that place, over to the Afghan security forces that we have built in such a way that it doesn't--that country doesn't pose a threat to the United States anymore, which is the reason we got in there in the first place.    Now that is a difficult task. General Campbell is doing it as well as anyone can possibly expect. And we have in President Ghani in Afghanistan one new ingredient, which is a very bright one. This is somebody who, when I visited in my first week in office, Kabul, the first thing he said to me was, would you please go back and thank Americans, and especially thank American service members, for what they have done here and are doing here in Afghanistan? That is a whole different atmosphere.    And so, in partnership with him over the next couple of years, our objective is to stand the Afghan security forces up on their feet, so that we can have a very small presence there in the future, not the big force we have had, and leave it in a circumstance where it doesn't threaten us anymore. That is the plan we have. And, you know, you can never say a plan is 100 percent probability of being successful but I think this has a high probability of being successful. And Ghani is an important new ingredient in that.    Secretary Carter. I will give you one simple example of why sequestration is wasteful, as well as damaging to security. And that is when we are forced by the suddenness of it to curtail the number of things of the overall size of our procurement in such a way that we drive up unit costs or we prolong the duration of a contract. And you all know that a short-term contract you pay more for than a long-term contract. That is the kind of thing we are driven to by sequester.    And it is obvious to anybody who has contracted with somebody to get their lawn mowed or something, that that is economically inefficient. So it is more than strategically dangerous as the chairman rightly said, it is wasteful, which is not what people want.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you.    Just the Asia-Pacific so-called rebalance is central to our strategy. That is where half of humanity lives. That is where half of the economy of the world is. And you know, one of the--strategy means keeping everything in perspective. And while we are focused as we need to be on ISIL , Afghanistan, which is already mentioned, Ukraine and other trouble spots elsewhere in the world, we have to remember that this is where much of our future lies.    And the American military presence there has been the central factor that has kept peace and stability and therefore prosperity going in that region. We need to keep that going--and you mentioned Japan and the revision of the guidelines there. This is an extremely important development.    And by the way, Prime Minister Abe will be visiting the United States shortly. This is an opportunity for Japan to become a--help us maintain the peace in the Asia-Pacific region, but the guidelines are global in scope. So it gives a military that is quite capable in Japan and a country that shares a lot of our strategic objectives and basic values a new way of helping us out in the region and around the world. It is a very positive thing.    Secretary Carter. I do.    Secretary Carter. Yes, yes.    Secretary Carter. Devastating.    Secretary Carter. I do.    Secretary Carter. What we need for defense, Congressman Forbes, is two things. We need stability----    Secretary Carter. No, that is not----    Secretary Carter. No, the President--no, I would not.    Secretary Carter . I will tell you why. I will tell you why. We need relief from sequestration across the board. Every other manager of an agency in the government----    Secretary Carter. No, I--no, Congressman. I take a view of national defense and national security that is--that takes into account the fact that to protect ourselves and as part of security, we need the Department of Homeland Security----    Secretary Carter. We need our law enforcement agencies.    Well, I think each of those budgets can be looked at in their own terms.    Secretary Carter. I think what the President is saying, Congressman, and which I agree with, is that we need relief from sequester across the board. It is no way to run----    Secretary Carter . A government----    Secretary Carter. It can complicate our efforts, and that is why we need to watch this very closely, because, as you say, it is sectarianism which brought the Iraqi security forces to the low point that led to their rout last summer in the first place. And we are supporting a government of Iraq that is multi-sectarian and that encompasses the entire country. That is our preference.    And so, our preference is that all operations to combat ISIL, which we obviously support, are conducted with the knowledge and authority of the Iraqi government. And we support them in doing that. When there are others who are conducting operations without the authority of the Iraqi government, that is the face of sectarianism rising again in Iraq.    Secretary Carter. And we are very concerned about that.    Secretary Carter. No, I am not. But you are asking me would I be concerned about a purely sectarian military activity there, and I would be concerned about that. And I am concerned that the Iraqi government be controlling and the Iraqi security forces be controlling in directing all military activity on Iraqi soil, and that is why the nature of some of the militia activities and so forth is so concerning to us.    Secretary Carter. Well, you are--as you say, the ISIL phenomenon is metastasizing. There are groups, and Boko Haram or some parts of Boko Haram may be one of them, that are rebranding themselves as ISIL, joining ISIL, getting a new lease on life by affiliating with this movement.    And it is the ability of this movement to spread through social media, to motivate younger members of groups that already existed, radical groups that already existed, but whose younger members are particularly attracted to the ISIL ideology, that makes it so dangerous and makes it so important to combat it wherever it arises.    Secretary Carter. You are speaking of the ones that were kidnapped some time ago.    Secretary Carter. Yes, I think the best I can say about that in here is that we continue to assist in trying to locate them and return them to their homes. But that that effort still continues.    Secretary Carter. There are conditions on the ground in terms of the strength of the Afghan security forces, the performance of those Afghan security forces. They are conducting operations, as we speak, in the Helmand Valley, which are very impressive and unprecedented in the scale and complexity of an operation that the Afghan security forces do by themselves. They are absorbing enablers, and so they are beginning to--the Afghan forces--operate independently. And that is one set of conditions that are very important.    Another one I mentioned earlier is the successful creation of a national unity government with President Ghani and CEO Abdullah--their willingness and ability to do that and what that could mean for the political development and coherence of Afghanistan.    So there are both things at the military level over there and things at the political level, both of which are change--a very different circumstance from a year ago or 2 years ago.    Secretary Carter. Absolutely. That is where we asked for it. That is where we need it. That is where we have identified the needs. And that also, and this is very important and this gets back to the earlier discussion of sequester, if it is in the base budget, it is the base upon which we build our future budgets. And we need stability. We need a horizon so that we know what our budget is going to be not only this year, but in years to come. Otherwise, we can't spend it efficiently and we can't spend it strategically.    So that is--we need that kind of horizon. And sequester is what robs us of that. And that is why it is bad in a managerial sense for anybody who has their budget sequestered.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you for that. And some of the detail I will have to supply to you separately.    Secretary Carter. But the general point that you are raising is our tradecraft and excellence in the acquisition of services. And I will just say something for everyone's benefit that you know, which is half of the money that DOD contracts is not for goods. It is for services. And so as we talk about acquisition reform and improving our game, we need to improve how we acquire services as well. And the initiatives you cite are some of the ways in which we are trying to improve our performance and our tradecraft in the acquisition of services because that is half of our spend.    Secretary Carter. Will do.    Secretary Carter. I will start first, and then the chairman.    It doesn't work because to have the defense we need and the strategy that we have laid out, we need the budget that we have laid out not just in one year, but in the years to come. And so, budgeting one year at a time, and this proposal is a one-year-at-a-time thing, doesn't work for national defense. It is not going to permit us to carry out the strategy as we have planned.    Secretary Carter. I think what the President meant was that a budget that did not relieve sequestration--that is, give a multiyear perspective for the budget, he would veto not just for defense, but as has been mentioned earlier, for others as well.    Secretary Carter. Certainly, first of all, strategy is--does take a--in addition to geographic perspective, a multiyear perspective and a multiyear commitment, which is why annual budgetary turmoil isn't consistent with our strategy in taking a strategic view.    With respect to the strategy against ISIL, and defeating ISIL, in Iraq, the first thing I would say is that we not only need to defeat ISIL, we need to defeat them in a lasting manner. That is always the difficult part.    We can defeat ISIL, but defeating them in a lasting manner means having somebody on the ground who keeps them defeated after we assist them in the defeat.    On the Iraq side of the border, that is the Iraqi government, a multi-sectarian force organized by the Iraqi government. That is our strategic objective----    Secretary Carter. Well, it will hinge, as it did then, upon a multi-sectarian approach by the government of Iraq. Without that, it cannot succeed.    And what happened to the Iraqi security forces a year ago was that they collapsed because sectarianism had taken root in the government of Iraq, and the people who lived in the regions that were swept over by ISIL were not willing to accept or support the Iraqi security forces, as they were then configured.    They need to be configured in a non-sectarian manner--a multi-sectarian manner, or it won't be possible to have that lasting defeat of ISIL on the Iraqi side of the border. It is as critical now as it was last year.    Secretary Carter. I will answer that first, and the chairman may want to add something to it. We do have the resources to support our strategy.    The one ingredient, very important ingredient, that you left out was air power, and we are applying air power in a very effective way in support of ground forces that are not U.S. ground forces but that are local ground forces, because we want a lasting defeat of ISIL and only local forces on the ground can impose a lasting defeat. And that is our strategy.    Chairman.    General Dempsey. And if I could, just in the interest of time, Chairman, I will take this for the record, because I do think the strategic advantage we have is the coalition, and I think that will eventually be the path to enduring defeat.    But I will take it for the record.    Secretary Carter. I do not know when that source selection will be made, but I will find out and make sure we get back to you.    Secretary Carter. Our response is twofold.    One is to--a diplomatic one, which is to try to get the Russians to come back into compliance with the INF Treaty. Not my responsibility, but an important part of it.    But on the military side, we have begun to consider--and I think this--what our options are, because the INF Treaty is a treaty, meaning that it is a two-way street. We accepted constraints in return for constraints of the then Soviet Union. It is a two-way street, and we need to remind them that it is a two-way street, meaning that we, without an INF Treaty, can take action also that we both decided years ago it was best for neither of us to take.    So we are looking at our alternatives in the areas of defense against the systems that they might field in violation of the INF Treaty, counterforce options and countervailing options.    All of those are available to us. We are looking at all of those because the Russians need to remember this is a two-way street.    Secretary Carter. Defenses are one of those, the categories of response that we can consider.    Secretary Carter. Well, it does provide for the rebalance, but I want to second what the chairman said, which is we are on the ragged edge of being able to satisfy all the ingredients of our strategy, of which the Asia-Pacific rebalance is a central ingredient.    So if we don't get some budget stability and we keep doing things one year at a time and one piece at a time, we are going to have to reconsider our strategy. The way I put it earlier is not just the size, but the shape.    Now, I would hope that our rebalance to the Asia-Pacific is something that we are able to sustain. And, in our budget and our multiyear budget plan, we are able to sustain it.    But under sequester and in one-year-at-a-time fashion, as the chairman said, we are on the ragged edge in our strategy, and something will have to give.    Secretary Carter. Well, thanks. The AUMF, for me, as Secretary of Defense, two things are important in the AUMF. One is that it gives us the flexibility to carry out our campaign, and that speaks to the provision you quote, and I will come back to that in a minute.    But the other is that it is passed up here on Capitol Hill in a way that says very clearly to our men and women who are conducting the campaign against ISIL that the country is behind them. That is very important to me. Both the content of the AUMF and that it is supported widely in the Congress.    To get to the provisions of it, the AUMF doesn't try to say everything that is permitted. Instead, which is, I think, wise because for the chairman and me we need the flexibility to conduct the campaign against ISIL in the way that the enemy--that defeating that enemy requires.    It does rule out, using the language that you described, what the President has said, an Iraq- or Afghanistan-type long off-period of offensive combat operations. And that is, that language, by taking that possibility only out, leaves, to me, our Department, the flexibility we need to conduct the campaign against ISIL both practically and geographically, because we don't foresee having to conduct another campaign like Iraq or Afghanistan, and that is the one thing that is ruled out in the formulation you describe.    Elsewhere, we have substantial flexibility under the President's formulation, and I welcome that, because I said, flexibility and widespread support are the two things that we need most.    Chairman, do you want to add anything to that?    General Dempsey. There is no doctrinal term in our military taxonomy that is ``enduring offensive.'' But it is clearly a statement of intent by the Commander in Chief. It does allow us to execute the campaign as it is currently designed.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you, and thank you for your interest in that subject, because it is central. And I appreciate the fact that this committee is committed to it.    And I am sorry I can't give a simple answer to that because there are so many ways that we can improve our performance in acquisition. And that we need to improve our performance in acquisition.    There is acquisition of services that has been mentioned previously. There is the requirements process and the role of the service chiefs. And I would--I personally welcome a greater role on the part of the service chiefs in the acquisition system. I think maybe Goldwater-Nichols went too far in the other direction in that regard, and we could get some of that back.    There is an enormous amount of simple process that encumbers good sense. There is some training that is required to better equip our people to interact with industry and understand how to give appropriate incentives and partnership with the industry that we serve.    There is the technology point that the chairman was pointing to earlier, where we have to work very hard to stay up with today's eight generations of iPhones. We can't take for granted anymore that we are at the cutting edge. We have to fight our way to the cutting edge again.    So there are many, many dimensions to this. And I--this is something that I believe we will be continuing to struggle with for a long time because technology changes, the world changes, and we have to keep up if we are gonna continue to have the best military in the world.    Secretary Carter. I think that is right.    We have gotten to a point where there are as many checkers as there are doers. And we need the doers to be enabled and then held accountable.    So today, you have the worst of all worlds. There aren't enough doers, and when something goes wrong, you can't tell how it happened or what its causes were or who is responsible for it.    Secretary Carter. Well, first of all, thank you for hosting our folks and for supporting service members in your district. We don't take it for granted. We are very appreciative of it.    And that sounds like an excellent way of commemorating the significance of the diver community, so thank you for that suggestion.    Secretary Carter. Well, I will start, and then, Chairman, if you want to join in.    First of all, thank you for your interest in that, too. We are fortunately at a period right now where the chairman, and I, on a weekend at Bethesda, won't find 10 new wounded warriors, as was the case for many years when I was serving in the Department and chairman was serving in the Department. And we are very grateful for that.    But we can't forget that those who have been wounded will--in many cases, they are 20 years old. They have a long life ahead of them, and that means we have a long obligation to them. And I am concerned that our country remembers the sacrifice of the service members in all the years that they will live, and I think we owe them that.    And of course, we hand them off to the VA, and your question goes to, how good is the transition program for their care to the VA and, in general, to civilian life. That is something that we have done a lot of work on in the course of these works, but I think there is more that we can do and should do to smooth that transition and prepare them for the life ahead.    But, you know, to me, it is really something from the heart that we need to--remember, these are young people. They have got a long life ahead of them. It can be a productive, happy, and wonderful life for them, notwithstanding the sacrifice they made at a young age.    But we owe them the help to make sure that they can do that.    Chairman, do you want to add anything?    General Dempsey. Thanks, Mr. Secretary.    Yes, we have actually--the service chiefs and I and with the help of the Department have included in our budget two aspects of this.    One is the care of those who have already been wounded through the life cycle of their care.    And secondly, importantly, we are taking a look at--there are three areas where we have developed incredible expertise, and we can't let it erode. One is amputees, second is burn victims, and third is brain injury.    And so we are looking to the future now that we don't have a population, thankfully, that is suffering those injuries. We have got to make sure we can sustain our expertise that we have developed, and that is also baked into the budget as well.    Secretary Carter. Thank you.    That is one of the, actually, many forms of assistance to the Jordanians and other coalition partners that we are looking at, and no decision has been made about that.    But the logic that you describe and the possibility that you describe is a real one. And to get back to your testing thing, I think that is a very good point also. Technology can transform the way we do tests and therefore the ponderousness and the cost of the test system. So both good points.    Chairman, you want to add anything on the----    General Dempsey. Just after King Abdullah visited, the Secretary chartered his deputy to run a senior initiative group to take a look at all the coalition members, because there are many requests coming in and there is this thing--it is called a warfighting SIG--that the Secretary directed that is getting at things like that.    And you are right. Your letter is being addressed at the Department of State right now.    Secretary Carter. My only comment would be you are absolutely right, that this hostage rescue is an example of something that can only be done with a whole-of-government approach. We need, obviously, things to be done in a way that is law enforcement sensitive, but in many cases, we have the assets or the Intelligence Community has the assets, or it involves Homeland Security.    And this gets to the point I was making earlier. I mean, I have to take a view of security and the future strength of our Nation that is--that looks beyond the Department of Defense itself to all of the instruments of national power and everything that is going to carry us into the future.    And these kinds of operations are a perfect example of that, where you need all those parts to come together. You are right, we do need a choreographer when that time comes to bring all those pieces together. It is very--it is essential. But the times in which we live require for most problems that there be the defense instrument and then other pieces of the government as well, whether it be technology, whether it be our personnel, or whether it be operations.    The Chairman. Mr. Moulton.    Secretary Carter. There are more than five, I am sorry to say. And some of them are programs, some of them are older platforms.    There has been a lot of discussion and debate around the A-10, for example, in the Air Force, which the Air Force wishes to retire, not because it is not an excellent airplane but because their budget doesn't provide room for it anymore compared to other things that are higher priority. So that is one.    And we--there are a number of those that we have enumerated in past years. And we are willing to work with people here. We understand--I want to find common ground with people, but we can't just continue to be frustrated year after year in these program areas or in a whole number of compensation areas, efficiency areas, and so forth.    And I would be happy to provide to the committee a list, and it will be more than five items of initiatives that we have proposed in past years. This was before I was here. But that we thought on balance and sometimes with great regret, as in the retirement of older systems, we needed to do, and we have not been permitted by Congress to take those steps.    Secretary Carter. Thank you for the question. Qatar, as with other of our coalition partners in the fight against ISIL, are being very helpful. And in the case of the Qataris in terms of the air base we use, indispensable.    At the same time, not everything that our coalition partners do in the region are things that we support or that we think are constructive with respect to either the ISIL fight or other things.    And so, all of our partners are--we are trying to work with so that we get their support for the fight against ISIL, but we can continue to work with them on areas where we disagree. And there are disagreements we have with almost all of our coalition partners that are helping us with ISIL. And we just try to work through them.    Secretary Carter. Well, we have problems with that too in some cases, and we explain that in our view that their policies are contradictory in that way. But we have those disagreements with them we try to work through while at the same time benefiting from their help where we can agree.    But we don't agree 100 percent of the time.    Secretary Carter. I will start first, and then, Chairman, if----    Secretary Carter. No, the time part--no, no, no, I did not.    On the scope, the proposed AUMF gives us wide scope to conduct the campaign that we are anticipating against ISIL.    The time limitation has nothing to do with the length of the campaign. It has--it--I cannot tell you that the campaign will be over in 3 years. I don't think anybody can tell you that.    That feature of the AUMF is included for reasons that are not military-related. They are related to the fact--they are derived from the fact that we will have a new President in 3 years and the AUMF provides for a new President, and for that matter a new Congress, to revisit this issue.    Now, that is not something that comes from the Secretary of Defense, or I would say from our thinking. But we understand and respect it. It derives from the way the Constitution regards use of military force as a very grave matter in which both the Congress and the executive branch play a role.    So I understand that; I respect that. But the number three doesn't come from the campaign. It comes from our political system. And again, as I understand and respect that and I hope the result of all this is an AUMF that tells our troops that we are behind them in this fight.    That is the key thing to me, in addition to having the flexibility to main--to carry out the campaign that will win.    General Dempsey. Congressman, I was consulted on the AUMF before it was submitted to you and I believe it does allow us to execute the campaign that we anticipate against ISIL.    I think what you are sensing is the difference in using military force against state actors, nation states, and these groups of non-state actors, which have a very different character to them.    And I think the last time we ever were handed a completely unconstrained authorization to use force was probably Eisenhower's orders on the eve of the invasion of Europe, where he was told to take the Armed Forces of the United States, deploy them to the continent of Europe and defeat Nazi Germany. That is probably the last time we have had a completely unconstrained AUMF.    Secretary Carter. Again, the 3 years is not a prediction about the duration of the campaign to defeat ISIS. It is a recognition of the way our political system works and the recognition that a new President and a new Congress in 3 years may wish to revisit this issue. As I said, I understand and respect that. But it isn't a prediction about the duration of the campaign against ISIL.    Secretary Carter. I think the AUMF that the President proposed would require action by a new administration and a new Congress in 3 years, in light of the circumstances at the time, which we can't foresee.    Secretary Carter. Under the AUMF, the law of armed conflict and all the applicable U.S. and international law would apply to detention operations, as they would apply to all aspects of waging this campaign.    Secretary Carter. I am not a historian so I am not sure I can answer your question from an historical point of view. I can give a logical answer, a commonsense answer to the boots on the ground question as it applies to a campaign like the one against ISIL.    And it has to do with the--who sustains the victory after ISIL is defeated, because we seek not only the defeat of ISIL but we seek the lasting defeat of ISIL----    Secretary Carter . That means that--if I can just finish the thought that means that there are local forces involved who control the territory after it is won back. That is our strategy and otherwise we have boots on the ground for a very long time.    Secretary Carter. Well, there are forces. It depends on which side of the border you are talking about.    On the Iraqi side, there are the forces that----    Secretary Carter. On the Syrian side, as the chairman indicated, we are trying to build a----    Secretary Carter. Trying to build.    Secretary Carter. Well, the reality of the situation is, you have the forces of the Assad regime and you have the forces of ISIL, neither of which we want to align ourselves with, and they are the largest forces on the ground in Syria. That is the circumstance in which we find ourselves.    And we are trying to create a moderate Syrian force that will be able to defeat them and own the future of Syria. That is our objective.    Secretary Carter. Well, it is critical, because we depend for our technology, all the research and development that underlies our system, we depend upon private institutions to do that, whether they be our universities, excellent universities, university-affiliated R&D centers, in industry.    I always have to remind people, we don't build anything in the Pentagon. This isn't the Soviet Union. Our way of doing things is not to do it in the government, it is to contract with private entities, because we think that is the best way to stay up with technology and to get excellence. And that is how we--and so, we depend upon those institutions, our great university systems, our great laboratories, and our great defense industry to make us the best military in the world.    Secretary Carter. I would only echo something that the chairman said, which is that by sad necessity over the last dozen years, we have learned a lot and in a sense pioneered techniques in treating amputees, burn victims, very importantly TBI , PTS , and we need to make sure, as the chairman said earlier, we remember those lessons and that we transfer that knowledge to society more widely, which I think is happening in our medical system, including the medical system of the Veterans Administration.    Secretary Carter. I will start, and then the chairman. We do have something called the GRF, the global response force, which we provide very carefully for just the reason you describe, namely, it is the most ready force, it is the one that has the greatest deterrent value, because it has global reach and it is highly ready.    And one of the things that is concerning about our whole--this whole budget drama of sequester and so forth year after year and its effect on readiness is that if it continues in the way that it is, it is going to affect our readiness, even at the GRF level. And that is not good for deterrence. It is not good for the picture of American strength that is so necessary to avoiding conflict in the first place.    General Dempsey. Congressman, you have touched on two things that are actually near and dear to my heart. One is the GRF. We do have to restore its readiness. There are times when, of late, because of increasing demand and reducing supply, we have had to actually reach into it and send it forward, which is not the intention, but we are forced into that position on occasion.    The other one is the issue of presence. You know, I think we have got our forward stationing about right. And what we are doing is looking at how we can be a little less predictable to our adversaries, more reassuring to our allies, and maintain readiness through a thing we call--we are calling ``dynamic presence.''    And so, we are very much interested in pursuing that idea.    But I will tell you, you know, sequestration actually makes this--both of those almost impossible.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you for that. And you are right. The triad is part of our future. It is part of our future planning.    You know nuclear weapons aren't in the news very much, thank God. So they are not the answer to the ISIL crisis and so on. But they are a bedrock of our security.    And we have to--we are going to need a safe, secure, and reliable deterrent as far into the future as I can see. And we need to provide for that.    And the sea-based leg is an essential leg because it is survivable on a day-to-day basis. That has long been a tenet of strategic stability. It remains true now.    And it is also true that the Ohio-class replacement is a very expensive proposition. Now, we are trying to get the cost of that down like all our other programs as much as we can. But it is--we have to pay that bill. And I think it is more complicated, as I am sure you would say also, than how we label the money.    The money has to come from somewhere, and we are going to have to make difficult tradeoffs, particularly in the decade between 2020 and 2030. And that is just a fact of life if we are going to have an Ohio-class replacement.    And if Secretary Mabus and Admiral Greenert said it was a highest priority, they are absolutely right. It is just something we have to do and we have to find room in the budget to do it. And there are going to be tradeoffs there that are not going to get alleviated by calling the money this or that.    General Dempsey. The only other thing I would add, Congressman, is we--the Joint Chiefs and I firmly believe that the triad, all three legs, which as you know is intercontinental ballistic missiles, long-range bomber, and the Ohio-class replacement submarine, are necessary to make our deterrence credible and survivable.    And just because it is an unfortunate happenstance of time that the three legs of the triad are all requiring modernization at some level over the next decade. But you know we have been kept safe. This is our strategic deterrent responsibility. And we are going to have to find a way to do it.    Secretary Carter. Thank you. My wife and I were surprised also.    Secretary Carter. It is an excellent question and I think it is the key question for the--for such an agreement is, does it provide insurance against breakout and the development of a bomb by Iran?    Now, I am not involved in the negotiations there and so I can't discuss an agreement that hasn't been concluded yet. But that has got to be its underlying principle. And I think that is the underlying principle with which the negotiations are being conducted. And I associate myself with the phrase that no deal is better than a bad deal.    The only other thing I would say about that is for me and for our Department, we have some other obligations associated with this. One is to continue to deter Iran's other detrimental behavior in the region and in the Gulf, and protect allies and partners there to include, secondly, very importantly, are in critical partnership with Israel, is a very strong ally. And that is important. And then the third is our general presence in the Gulf.    So those responsibilities which reside to us which are also related to Iran and Iranian behavior, those are responsibilities that fall on the Department of Defense and that we take very seriously. I know the chairman does also.    Secretary Carter. Well, it is a very good question because the--what defeated the Iraqi forces last summer was sectarianism. And if the fight against ISIL becomes a purely sectarian fight and not an Iraqi fight, then we----    Secretary Carter. Well, it is actually a complicated situation. In many places, the Iraqi security forces, including with Sunni elements and the support of Sunni tribes, are participating in the recapture of ground. In other places, it is our air power and Iraqi security forces entirely.    In Tikrit, you are right. There is a heavy presence of Popular Mobilization Forces which are Shiite in sectarian orientation and getting some support from the Iranians. And that is concerning to us. So it is a very mixed picture. But the side that we are on is the side of the Iraqi government operating on a multi-sectarian basis. And that is the only way in which we are going to achieve success.    Secretary Carter. I will say something about Afghanistan, and then maybe the chairman wants to say something about Iraq.    We have fortunately at the moment a very different situation in Afghanistan, namely a bilateral security agreement in place that is welcomed by the government of Afghanistan, and a partner in the government of Afghanistan in the national unity government of Ghani and Abdullah that is not sectarian in nature; that is welcoming of the American assistance and the American training.    So it is a very different situation from--Iraq and the reason why, as I said earlier, we may well be achieving our objectives in Afghanistan in a way that a few years ago when I was working on that campaign, I would not have predicted that we would get as far as we did. It is a very different situation, fortunately, in Afghanistan today from Iraq a few years ago.    Secretary Carter. It includes capture.    Secretary Carter. Well, thanks for that question. Let me just go back to the logic of capture. Obviously, our objective where possible is to capture, rather than dispatch.    Secretary Carter. Well, exactly as you say. Our coalition partners have been capturing.    Secretary Carter. They have been doing that and they have been detaining. Now, just to take Afghanistan as an example, these are Afghan--on Afghan territory. They are detained by the Afghans and subject to Afghan law.    Secretary Carter. The answer is it depends on the circumstances and the location; the willingness of a host country to take custody of them, to prosecute them. I am not an expert on this. You have got to talk to the Justice Department about that and they are involved in these decisions.    But since these are--captures are--your question concerns captures that take place outside of U.S. territory, there are laws respecting that that we obey.    Secretary Carter. Well, the answer is, Congressman, it depends on where--the circumstances of the capture. But to get to the point you are making, which is interrogation and intelligence value that is an important value to us. And it is important that whatever the ultimate disposition of the detainee is, that we have the opportunity to interrogate and debrief. And that is very important to us whatever the ultimate disposition of the detainee is.    And the chairman can add to that if he wants to.    General Dempsey. Yes, Congressman, what I would do is I think this is probably an important enough question that I will have my legal team work with the Secretary's and provide you a longer answer for the record.    General Dempsey. But I will say in places where we are in support of the host nation, for example in Iraq, we are literally in support of them. So they will do the capture operation, they will give access to the prisoners for us to conduct the kind of interrogation you describe as well as sensitive site exploitation, which is where you get even more.    Where someone is a direct threat to us, either U.S. persons and facilities or to the homeland, we actually have conducted operations with the Department of Justice represented and those individuals--there has been a handful, have been brought back to this country for trial.    Secretary Carter. I have got--I am not sure what you are getting at. I don't----    Secretary Carter. Oh, the AUMF--well----    Secretary Carter. What the AUMF says is that in the campaign against ISIL, we have a very wide range of authorities to wage that campaign, including those that we anticipate are necessary to conduct the campaign--and there is one limit to that, which is a Afghanistan or Iraq-like long ground campaign. That is not foreseen and so the AUMF does not request the authority to conduct that.    Secretary Carter. Thank you for that question. I don't think the President has a plan to close GTMO and return all the detainees to this country by the end of this year because there is a law that prohibits that. The President does have the stated intention to close GTMO and I am in favor of the safe closure of Guantanamo Bay.    I have been there, too; I thank----    Secretary Carter. Well, they have to be incarcerated in some way, there is no question.    Secretary Carter . But it cannot----    Secretary Carter. There has to be some final disposition----    Secretary Carter. A, that is an option that is available----    Secretary Carter. But----    Secretary Carter. Just a moment.    But it is now forbidden by law to do that.    Secretary Carter. I think that there--we need to work with those of you on Capitol Hill to find a lawful disposition for people who cannot be transferred or released safely from Guantanamo Bay.    The reason why I think it is desirable to close GTMO, though I realize it is now unlawful to transfer people to the United States, is that I think it still provides a point--a rallying point for jihadi recruiting, and I think that is unfortunate. That is the reason to try to close it. But I say safely close it. We need to find a way----    Secretary Carter . To safely close it and that needs to be lawful and that has got to be done in cooperation with you.    Secretary Carter. You bet, Congresswoman.    Secretary Carter. There are a number of serious dangers to the future of our country----    Secretary Carter . Of which----    Secretary Carter. I think they are both serious problems and there are other serious problems that are not those two and that we have to deal with all of those strategic challenges at the same time. You are naming two of the problems.    Secretary Carter. I think that to the extent that the deficit drives a budget behavior like the year-to-year struggle with sequester that we faced, that is a challenge to our national security because of the challenge to our national defense.    I think we have threats around the world that are very dangerous to us. I think that, to get to back to an earlier line of questioning, the strength of our Nation depends upon other instruments of national power than our military power.    I think in the long run the strength of our Nation depends upon our ability to educate people and to have scientists and engineers. There was a discussion of our scientific base earlier. There are many, many ingredients to making a healthy and productive America going forward. We need to tend to them all and I think we have to have balance in how we approach these things. So I would appeal for balance and a strategic view that looks at all of these issues.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Zinke.    Secretary Carter. Well, first of all, thanks for your own service, and thanks for bringing what is evidently a great store of knowledge to this committee. So thanks for that.    And the answer is yes. In fact, the President, when he first described the AUMF, enumerated a few things that were specifically permitted by it, which include many of the items on your list, so the answer is yes.    Secretary Carter. Well, thanks for that, and that, to me, recalls a word that the chairman used at the beginning of this hearing, which is agility. And if we don't have agility and our programs take 15 or 20 years to develop, we are not going to have the best military in the world.    On the other hand--not on the other hand, but in addition, it is the case that aircraft remain in our inventory for a long time. Now, they are not the same old aircraft; they are continually modified, their software is changed, their armaments are changed, and so forth.    But few realize, but I am sure you do, that 70 percent of the cost of a military system is in owning it, not buying it in the first place.    And so as we talk about acquisition reform and cost control, as we began this morning discussing, we must pay attention to sustainment costs. And in the fifth generation aircraft, the F-35 and so forth, we are trying to be very attentive to sustainment costs because they are going to be the lion's share of the total life-cycle cost of the airplane.    Secretary Carter. I am with you, and I am very concerned that we keep up in the electronic-warfare field, which I think you are referring to in that.    Some of our potential opponents have made advances in that area, enabled by the spread of technology around the world. And so if we are going to keep the advantage that we have historically had, we need to keep up in those areas. So I am completely with you.    Secretary Carter. We have a number of initiatives, Congressman, in our budget that have exactly that intent, and I would be pleased to provide you with more information on them.    But I think you are onto something that is terribly important, and it is one of the areas where we are trying to make investments, and we need the funding to make those investments.    Secretary Carter. Wonderful. Good to see you.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you. You make me proud.    Secretary Carter. I will speak generally, because as you know full well--and thank you for what you did--we need to talk the details about this in a classified session, which we can do.    But in general, it is not the 3,100 limit that in any way paces the search and rescue effort there; it is time and distance, and we are very attentive to that.    Again, I don't want to say more here, but I am sure you can well imagine what I mean. Very attentive to that, indeed, for our air operations over both Iraq and Syria.    Let me see if the chairman wants to add anything.    General Dempsey. Yes, thanks, Mr. Secretary.    By the way, Congresswoman, speaking to you about combat search and rescue is like talking about nuclear issues sitting next to a nuclear physicist. But I will do so nevertheless.    It isn't--we are not limited--the BOG does not limit our ability to do combat search and rescue.    Secretary Carter. I agree with Secretary James. It is strictly a budgetary issue. We are squeezed on all directions, and we are doing our best under--to give the country the defense it needs for the amount of money that we have.    The A-10 is a very proud aircraft, and has done an enormous amount for us over the years. And I think we have tried to find common ground with those here on the Hill. And very important to me, which is not a money issue, is to make sure that our close air support from the Air Force to our ground forces is a real enduring capability. I am satisfied that it is. I am sure that Secretary James said the same thing yesterday. Chairman, you want to add anything?    General Dempsey. You know, Congressman, we have got aircraft providing close air support from the Apache helicopter to the B-1. And the A-10 is in that sweep of capabilities. But it is, we are faced with a budget issue, and trying to make sure we keep enough capability that can operate both in contested and uncontested airspace.    Secretary Carter. Yes. Thank you, Chairman. Two things. The first is you are right; our support for Ukraine, as it tries to create a place for itself in Europe, situated as it is between Europe and Russia, is very important. And I know you are asking about the military side of it.    The part I would preface, though, is that is principally a political, and above all, economic challenge, because the economy of Ukraine is in serious trouble. So I think the assistance of Western countries to the economy of Ukraine is the most important thing. It is not my responsibility, but I just wanted to say I think that is the most important thing.    We are supplying military assistance to the Ukrainian military. The President just made an announcement about a week ago about a military assistance at a number of categories, vehicles and so forth, that I think will be of material assistance to the Ukrainian military.    There are also under consideration--and yes, it is under consideration--some additional categories of assistance, which are defensive lethal assistance. And those are being considered. I think they should be considered. And I have said that before.    But it is a complicated decision that involves other kinds of assistance that we are giving, and the paramount fact, which is that we need to support the Ukrainians politically and economically. And in particular, our NATO partners and our European allies need to support Ukraine economically.    In the end, that is going to be the key to keeping what we all want, which is an independent Ukraine that can find its own way, and isn't pushed around by the Russians.    The Chairman. Well, I don't disagree with you about the importance of financial assistance. But what concerns me is while we study to death, and thus do not provide them the means with which to defend themselves against armor, among other things, and artillery attacks and so forth, the positions in the Eastern rebel-held area are strengthening.    And last point is countries around the world are watching how reliable a friend we are. And I am concerned that this has tremendous detrimental effects, encouraging Putin's aggression, and discouraging countries from being friends of the United States, because we are sitting here wringing our hands and providing a few blankets and whatnot.    I don't think that is a good way to go. I realize that this has turned into a White House call. Sorry. Last point is there is tremendous bipartisan support in both the House and the Senate for providing this assistance. And I really think the administration is isolated on this issue. That is also something that is not good for the country.    I will--unless you have something you want to add, I don't want to cut you off, but----    Secretary Carter. I would simply say that, a sort of personal observation, I was in Budapest in 1994 when the agreement was signed, that the Russians have violated. So I am very alive to the possibility that we had then, and I think still need to stick up for, of an independent Ukraine able to find its own way politically and economically, is the only thing I would say in the first instance. It is terribly important that that occur.    And the other thing I would say is nobody ought to mistake that, you know, Ukraine is a very, very important country to us. It is not a NATO ally. And I just want to make the point that as far as NATO allies are concerned, that raises a whole other set of issues that I hope anyone who is considering encroaching upon a NATO ally takes very seriously.    The Chairman. Well, I hope so, too. I will be traveling to that region shortly, and talking with some of those folks about it.    Secretary Carter. Thank you for doing that.    The Chairman. Thank you all for being here. Mr. Secretary, welcome back. General Dempsey, you are going to miss us when you are gone.    General Dempsey. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. Thank you all for being here. With that, the hearing stands adjourned.