    Dr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for having this hearing today. I would like to pick up where Mr. Lamborn was.    You just said that if a private company did what they should have done, there would be no problem. What I would submit to you likewise, that if the EPA had done what they should have done, we would not have had this spill. So, there ought to be equal consequences for the EPA, just as there are to private citizens. I cannot believe for one minute that the EPA would not aggressively go after another group, another company, a private company who was involved in cleaning up a potential environmental hazard; particularly if they did not have the experience and expertise of doing so, and they created a problem such as the EPA created. You would go after them, and there would be heads rolling, so to speak.    Yet, that is precisely what the EPA is now guilty of. To this point, nothing at all has happened. You said you are treating yourself, the EPA, the same as you do other companies. Quite frankly, that is just not the case.    Have you read the summary report of the internal review of the blowout?    Dr. Hice. OK. You may recall on page 2, the last sentence there. It says, ``The team conducted a limited review of Internet resources to determine if there are existing guidelines or procedures for investigating sites with similar characteristics as this site.''    Obviously, the EPA does not have experience in cleaning up mines such as this. They had to refer to the Internet. The expertise, apparently, is restricted to Google. Is that correct?    Dr. Hice. Well, according to your own----    Dr. Hice. According to the report, the summary review, EPA relied upon ``Internet resources'' to figure out what to do in this scenario, and that is according to what you have submitted.    Let me ask you this. According to the Federal Tort Claims Act, are you familiar with the discretionary function exemption?    Dr. Hice. That is a legal loophole within the law that would allow the EPA to get out of having to pay for any damages. My question to you was whether or not the EPA plans to utilize that exemption? But, you are saying you are not familiar with it.    Dr. Hice. OK. Then, my question to you is--that is a legal loophole in the law; will you commit to us today that the EPA will not utilize that loophole, and that you will pay for damages?    Dr. Hice. Will you not utilize----    Dr. Hice. Will you not utilize a legal loophole to get out of it?    Dr. Hice. No, this is in the law. I just do not want the EPA utilizing a loophole to get out of what you are responsible----    Dr. Hice. OK. Are you familiar with Greensboro, Georgia, in my district, there was a similar experience about 6 months ago, where the EPA likewise had a contractor that made a mistake. They struck a water main; and lead, arsenic, mercury, and all sorts of things went into the Oconee River and Lake. Are you familiar with that?    Dr. Hice. It is another example of the EPA having a similar problem. And, Mr. Chairman, I would like unanimous consent for this Fox News report to be added to the record.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Dr. Hice. Thank you, sir. I would just conclude, because I know we are in a hurry here. You have stated that you are taking full responsibility for this spill. In light of the criminal charges, the prison sentences, and the incredible fines that others have experienced for much less--and many of those examples have been brought forth today, much smaller accidents--Ms. McCarthy, in the interest of fairness to the American people who have experienced the wrath of the EPA for much smaller scenarios and accidents than this, I think it is only appropriate that you would resign as a statement of fairness for what other Americans have experienced for much smaller incidents.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you. With that, I yield back.    The Chairman. Yields back. Mr. LaMalfa.