    Ms. WALTERS. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and Committee members.    I am Christine Walters, sole proprietor of FiveL Company where I serve as an independent human resources and employment law consultant to numerous nonprofit and small business clients. Prior to that I worked as an in-house HR practitioner for 12 years in the nonprofit sector, including government contracting.    I appear before you today on behalf of the Society for Human Resource Management or SHRM.    I appreciate the opportunity to share a little bit about what this new overtime rule means for my clients, as well as SHRM's reaction to the final regulation.    In short, Mr. Chairman, while SHRM supports an increase to the salary threshold, we agree that the final overtime rule may be too far too fast. Small businesses and nonprofits in particular may be disproportionately impacted by the rule's dramatic and more than 100 percent increase to the salary threshold, and this threshold may escalate since the final rule includes an automatic update every 3 years.    Let me explain briefly how the rule may impact some of my clients, their employees, and the services that they provide. Let me start with the employees and how they may be impacted.    Under the final rule, newly nonexempt employees will likely face reduced workplace flexibility or I will call it work flex. Today, many employers provide exempt employees with work flex opportunities, such as, for example, the ability to leave work early next week, such as for a parent-teacher conference, in consideration of having worked extra hours this week, and to do that without using paid leave and without reducing their pay. In fact, employers are generally prohibited today by law from docking an exempt employee's pay for a partial-day absence.    And that is at the heart of exempt compensation. The salary is based on an understanding that an employee's work schedule regularly exceeds 40 hours a week and that employee is paid the same wages every week regardless of hours worked, whether it is 46 or 36.    However, employees classified as nonexempt cannot be granted the same flexibility that I just described. If they work in the private sector more than 40 hours this week, they must be paid overtime, and that cannot be offset by taking hours off from work next week. Thus I find most employers require nonexempt employees to use paid leave for any partial or full day absence. And if an employee has no paid leave remaining, then the absence from work may be without pay where that is permitted by state or local law.    It is clear to me and others that nonexempt employees do have fewer options and less flexibility to manage work-life needs than exempt employees.    And while the rule affects all employers, the rule will drastically impact the operations of small business and nonprofits who cannot simply raise the fee or price for the services they offer to offset those increased labor costs. They must find a way to raise additional funds, obtain an increase from public or private sector funding sources, all of which are limited.    For example, one of my clients provides rehabilitation services to a disadvantaged population of whom 85 percent currently meet the poverty threshold. This organization will not and really cannot transfer those increased labor costs to their low-income consumers. They have to face some unattractive alternatives. One might be reassigning the overtime duties that are currently performed in excess of 40 hours in a week to those employees who will remain exempt, and that is likely to adversely impact those coworkers' working relationships as well as the employer and employee relationship.    And the impact won't be just in the form of expenses, but also in the form of compliance. The Office of Advocacy of the U.S. Small Business Administration noted that increasing the salary level would add significant paperwork burdens on small entities, particularly businesses in low-wage regions and industries that operate with a low profit margin.    For example, employers also have to consider federal, state, and local laws and regulations that apply to nonexempt employees, including and not limited to dictating pay frequency, paid leave mandates, minimum wage, fair and predictive scheduling requirements, limits on mandatory overtime, on-call pay, travel pay, waiting pay, pay before and after a holiday, to name a few.    So for small businesses and nonprofits who often have a one-person HR manager/payroll manager, navigating all these complex rules can add an additional compliance burden that is overwhelming.    So with that, in closing, SHRM and employers across the country have serious concerns with the implementation of the final overtime rule at this time. We strongly support House Resolution 4773, Protecting Workplace Advancement and Opportunity Act. It simply seeks more time for further study on the economic impact of the rule and what it will have on employers for varying sizes, industry sectors, and locales. SHRM and its members look forward to working with Congress to improve this rule in a way that works for employers and employees.    I thank you and also welcome your questions.    Ms. WALTERS. I would share one thought and that is the challenge in the recruiting process. I think in 1938, when the FLSA was enacted, America had a very different economy. We were strong in manufacturing. An employer would have the same job with lots of employees working in the same job, so that if those employees were cut to 40 hours, creating those part-time jobs would be--could be full-time employees, easier to recruit.    Today, for example, one company I know, they have 38 employees. They have 32 different job titles. So when it comes to reclassifying some of those employees who are exempt today to nonexempt, and then trying to recruit a part-time worker, to work those hours over 40 at straight time, it is going to be incredibly challenging, I think, to find someone who was qualified and interested in working.    And Ranking Member Velazquez, I think you said today the average may be 47 hours a week and working 7 hours overtime a week. And so the ability to merge those extra hours into a full-time job is just not feasible because they are all different jobs. So I think that is a challenge that is on the table as well.    Ms. WALTERS. Thank you. One academic client I have, they are estimating the biggest impact to them will be for their coaches and their academic counselors. The coaches operate very, very independently now. They coach evenings, weekends, flexible hours, do not track time. Currently, they are properly classified as exempt, based on the salary increase they may, need to be reclassified as nonexempt. So that is a big philosophical change, you know--the issue of what I hear--a common response from employees is a trust issue. What are you telling me? Why do I have to track my time today and I didn't yesterday? Is it because you no longer believe I am really working, I am really producing?    Also for the admissions counselors, folks who, again, have come out of school, many have a certification. They belong to a professional, a national association. They travel, they go to college fairs. You know, they are the representative of the university or the college. Converting them to nonexempt I think, again, is going to be this philosophical, employee/employer relations challenge of, I don't understand.    So it is, I think, starting the dialogue with why we are changing and then what the strategy is. And I think the beauty of part of this dialogue is, as I don't disagree with some of what Mr. Eisenbrey has shared, what I would reverse is I think, yes, the analysis becomes easier. If you make less than $913 a week, you need to be reclassified as nonexempt, but I don't think that is the end. I think that is the very beginning.    And what I am hearing employers say is, okay, now what do I do and how do I do it? For example, I have heard at least seven different options how employers may respond to the new regulations. Four of those seven would not result in the employee receiving any more compensation than they do today. Three would. And so employers are trying to figure out which option is going to work for them, what the fiscal impact will be to their company, and what the relationship impact will be to their employees.    So it is just a lot of dialogue, and I think we are asking for time to just, you know, have the economic study, figure out what the impact is, and then move forward in a way that is going to work really well for the employees and the employers.    Ms. WALTERS. Thank you for the question. One thing I would share is, back to kind of whether this is the beginning or the end, the next thing that will be, or we understand will be happening, the Department of Labor has already published in its regulatory agenda, that it will be publishing an RFI, a request for information, seeking feedback from employees and employers about how they are tracking the time that nonexempt employees use electronic devices.    So that is on the radar. We add to that population, our exempt employees today who will be converted to nonexempt so in the little, small litany of pay practices where we have to be cognizant of how we pay, when we pay, and for what we pay our nonexempt employees, we need to be cognizant of that as well. So there is just a whole lot in the mix, I think.