    Mr. Suloway. Good afternoon, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Rush, members of the subcommittee. My name is John Suloway. I appear today on behalf of the National Hydropower Association. I am on the Board of Directors, serve as Secretary of the Executive Committee, and I was President of NHA about 10 years ago.    NHA appreciates and commends the work this committee and Chairman Upton, and also the discussion drafts proposed by Representative Kathy McMorris Rodgers. I am honored to be here today to discuss this issue, particularly with the focus on hydropower regulatory modernization.    Let me tell you a little bit about myself. I grew up in the electric utility industry. I have focused my entire career on project development, licensing, and environmental research. Most of that time was with the New York Power Authority. I retired from NYPA at the end of the year as the Vice President of Project Development Licensing. I loved my job, I loved the power authority, and I particularly loved working in hydropower.    As you can tell from my written testimony, NYPA is one of the leading producers of electricity in the State of New York, and we have one of the largest hydropower systems in the entire country. My job and my group focused on project development and licensing of both generation and transmission projects. We worked a great deal on hydropower, but also I developed combined cycle plants and simple cycle turbine projects that burn natural gas, and also high voltage transmission lines.    In my testimony, I am trying to convey four basic points. Number one, hydropower is a great technology. It has a proven track record of being a dependable and cost-effective source of generation. Also, in today's world where the norm is change, hydropower is a crucial tool for maintaining the reliability of the changing electrical grid, while helping to address climate change. These characteristics made hydropower very attractive for economic development. There is a significant potential for increased hydropower capacity which is not being realized.    Point two, the development of more hydropower should be a key component of America's energy portfolio. We have thousands of megawatts that can be developed at existing dams that are not being developed, in part because the hydropower licensing process is protracted, costly, and risky. And us folks in the electrical utility industry tend to be risk-adverse.    Point three, we, and I mean the big we here, industry, regulators, nongovernmental organizations, and Members of Congress, we have been working since the 1990s to improve the hydropower licensing process. We have made progress. There have been improvements in the licensing and administration of hydropower, but additional work needs to be done to make the process more efficient so a significant portion of that undeveloped capacity can be developed.    My fourth point. The goals and objectives expressed in the discussion draft bills would help to make hydropower more attractive to developers and investors, while ensuring careful consideration of environmental values and the protection of natural resources. Protecting the environment and natural resources is important, and is a commitment that the hydropower industry takes seriously.    In conclusion, I have made a career of navigating these archaic processes. And that being said, I have come to the conclusion that we have a very important opportunity here that we should not miss. Like I mentioned before, incremental changes in the FERC process have improved the process, and as part of making those changes, we have created relationships, we have created friendships, and we can build on that communication improvements as we move forward. But when you stand back and you look at the fundamental question that is in front of us, why shouldn't we be able to license a hydropower project for the same amount of time and the same amount of money as it does for a combined cycle plant that is burning natural gas? And when you look that question in the face, you know we have more work to do.    So thank you for providing me this opportunity to testify on behalf of hydropower's role in meeting our nation's environmental, energy, and economic objectives, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Suloway. No, they do employ mandatory conditions that do increase the cost of owning a FERC license. That----    Mr. Suloway. That is a fact.