    Ms. Bruce. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Plaskett, and the members of the committee, thank you for inviting me here today to discuss the Department of Education Office of Inspector General investigation of Dr. Danny Harris, the Department's chief information officer.    As detailed in my written testimony, in 2011 and 2012, the OIG received two anonymous complaints concerning allegations of criminal and administrative misconduct by Dr. Harris. The complaints included allegations that Dr. Harris improperly awarded contracts to a company owned by his personal friend, operated a home theater installation business with a subordinate employee, and solicited other Department employees to perform work for this business.    During our investigation, we learned of additional complaints alleging that Dr. Harris operated a business detailing cars where he employed subordinate employees to assist with the detailing work and also accepted payments from subordinate employees for detailing their cars; instructed a subordinate employee to purchase products from eBay for his home theater business and sold items on eBay using the subordinate's account, splitting the proceeds with the subordinate, and further used his Department email account to conduct these transactions; appeared to have advocated for a relative's employment within the Department; and appeared to have made a $4,000 personal loan to one of his subordinate staff.    By April 2013, our investigation had substantiated most of these allegations. Our investigation determined that Dr. Harris operated outside business ventures involving home theater installation and car detailing with members of his subordinate staff; had business cards and received payments from subordinate employees for services provided by those ventures.    Dr. Harris informed us that the home theater installation venture generated at least $10,000 in income, which exceeded the $200 annual threshold that required reporting on the Public Financial Disclosure Report, Office of Government Ethics form 278. Dr. Harris admitted that he did not report the income on the required forms during the relevant time periods.    The Department's designated ethics official informed the OIG that Dr. Harris not reporting the income on his ethics forms was a problem that needed to be referred to the U.S. Attorney's Office. Dr. Harris also advised that he did not report this income on his taxes and acknowledged that he probably should have done so.    Our investigation also determined that Dr. Harris used his Department email account to conduct his outside business ventures.    Participated on a panel that awarded a contract to a company owned by someone he had a personal relationship with. His participation, however, did not result in that contract being improperly awarded    Took actions to help a relative secure employment within the Department. The relative was employed at the GS-4 level from 2010 to 2013.    Made a loan--a $4,000 loan to one of his subordinate staff.    We received conflicting information regarding the allegation that Dr. Harris instructed a subordinate employee to purchase products from eBay for his home theater business. Dr. Harris stated that the purchase was for his personal use. The employee stated the purchase related to the home theater installation business.    As our criminal investigation into the allegations against Dr. Harris continued, we provided a report of our initial findings to the Department so that it could take appropriate administrative action against Dr. Harris. The OIG also made a referral to the Internal Revenue Service regarding Dr. Harris's failure to report all of his income on his income tax returns.    In February 2015, the U.S. District Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia declined prosecution of all issues based on the availability of administrative remedies. In March, we submitted another report to the Department noting the U.S. attorney's decision.    In June 2015, the acting deputy secretary responded to our report stating that, overall, the Department found no violation of law or regulation. Instead, the acting deputy secretary said that he believed Dr. Harris displayed certain lapses in judgment, which were addressed through counseling provided by the two prior deputy secretaries and the acting deputy secretary, and also guidance provided by the Department's ethics official.    We closed our investigation administratively in September 2015.    This concludes my remarks, and I am happy to answer your questions.    Ms. Bruce. That's correct.    Ms. Bruce. Yes, according to 5 U.S.C. at 104.    Ms. Bruce. Although the Department has decided that, because it was not done knowingly and willfully, it doesn't pursue a civil action. Knowingly only has to be established to do administrative ----    Ms. Bruce. That's correct.    Ms. Bruce. Ms. Maloney, I would have to defer to the Department as far as the acquisition process. I do know that the Federal acquisition regulations and other processes do look for those things, but I would defer to the Department as to why they made the decision to use the sole-source contract.    Ms. Bruce. I've been working--doing this kind of work for over 30 years. I've been in specific Office of Inspector General for the last 20.    Ms. Bruce. Well, I was an auditor, so I wasn't specifically in investigations, so I wouldn't have been involved with those types of things.    Ms. Bruce. The deputy inspector general?    Chairman Chaffetz.--more senior--yes, how many have you seen? How many have been coming out of the Office of Inspector General?    Ms. Bruce. I would definitely have to get back with you on that. I ----    Ms. Bruce. So when you said criminal investigations, you mean ----    Ms. Bruce. Oh, criminal referrals? Well, we have many criminal referrals to the Department of Justice because we don't know whether it's going to be tried criminally, civilly, or administratively. So we have plenty of those.    Ms. Bruce. That's correct. The Department of Justice declined prosecution in favor of administrative remedies.    Ms. Bruce. The Office of Inspector General found business cards, a logo, paid employees. We do believe that it's a business.    Ms. Bruce. Yes, they were.    Ms. Bruce. So when you say violation of policy, I will answer it this way. When you speak of 5 C.F.R. 2635, 5012 701, 702, and 704, you have to make sure that you're not giving the appearance of impartiality or misuse of position.    Ms. Bruce. Correct. We said because income was being generated, has a business logo and employees were paid ----    Ms. Bruce. No, two employees.    Ms. Bruce. Yes.    Ms. Bruce. Yes.    Ms. Bruce. Only that I know we spent quite a bit of time talking about business. The OIG at no time never was approached to get some additional information. We've always been available for that additional information. Our concern has not been business. It's been about earned income. So I wanted to make sure that point was made clear. When you asked me about a business, it was about earned income in our report and not necessarily about a business.    Ms. Bruce. Our evidence showed that for the years in question, 2008, '09, and '10, there were no disclosures as far as the $200--in excess of $200.