    Mr. Hurd. Chairman King, Ranking Member Higgins, I want to thank you all for this, putting on this hearing. It is one of the more illuminating hearings I have been to this year.    My first question is to Ms. Lehr. Can you--you mentioned that organized plunder by ISIS, you said it is generating $1 million a year or $5 million a year?    Mr. Hurd. Yeah, I saw.    Mr. Hurd. Wow. Okay. That is helpful.    Can you mention or answer briefly what is UNESCO's role in all of this?    Mr. Hurd. Thank you.    Terrorists are becoming increasingly tech savvy. There is evidence that cyber attacks and cyber theft are becoming tools in their arsenal. Dr. Schanzer, this may be most appropriate for you. Are there any instances that you know where terrorist groups have engaged in ransomware? Are they trying to take people's data and hold it hostage for a reward?    Dr. Shelley, if you have any input on that.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you. I think I would--that is an area that we need to explore a little bit more.    One point to Ms. Lehr. One of the other values of having someone sitting at NSC on this is to drive collection within the intelligence community. I spent 9\1/2\ years as an undercover officer in the CIA and, you know, I was chasing hawala dealers and folks like that to try to, you know, understand, to follow the money and collect that. If we--if I would have had some of this information on some of these folks that are organized in, you know, illegal antiquities dealing, those guys are probably less covert than, you know, al-Qaeda. I think that is another value of having an entity within the NSC to ensure this is part of the NIPF, the National Intelligence Priority Framework, to drive collection in order to stop this funding stream to terrorists.    My last question is probably best directed to Dr. Shelley. Many of our Gulf partners were seeing the money coming from the Gulf into organizations in Syria and Iraq. What can be done to help our Gulf partners solve this problem that is happening within their own borders?    Mr. Hurd. On that, the deputy crown prince of Saudi Arabia is leading a coalition of 39 Islamic countries that are focusing on the narrative, encountering the narrative of extremism, and I think this is a topic that can be integrated into their efforts. You know, the fact that it is being led by our Sunni partners is important, but this is an area where we can support them.    Mr. Hurd. I really appreciate you all being here today.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.