    Ms. GLAS. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman, Ranking Member, and the distinguished members of the House Small Business Committee. My name is Kim Glas, and I am the executive director of the BlueGreen Alliance, and we are a partnership of labor unions and environmental organizations committed to creating that fair economy for our manufacturing base.    I am delighted that you are holding a hearing like this today, and I am really honored to be asked to participate on behalf of all my organizations.    At the center of the BlueGreen Alliance work is strengthening American manufacturing. Driving new business and quality job creation across a clean energy economy. The BlueGreen Alliance Foundation helps to fulfill that mission because we directly work with manufacturers, a lot of small manufacturers across the country, to enter those clean energy economy supply chains, and providing assistance to those manufacturers of all sizes to participate in some of these emerging sectors.    But I would be remiss to not mention some of the challenges that our manufacturers across this country, both small and large, are facing. The United States lost millions of manufacturing jobs between 2000 and 2014, and of the more than 2 million jobs lost during the Great Recession of 2007 to 2009, less than half of those have been recovered. Lack of adequate resources to enforce our trade rules, currency manipulation, and failed trade policies all risk turning back the clock and further exasperating these threats to our manufacturing base. But while there are challenges, we do see opportunity. Domestic and global markets for energy efficiency, renewable energy, clean transportation, and infrastructure are growing, and our small and medium-size companies that we are working with are looking at those opportunities to grow their business here at home.    Here is an example. As part of our larger national initiative, we have been working on a housing initiative regarding retrofitting low-income housing across this country. There is a transformation in retrofitting low-income housing. We have identified more than 1,000 U.S. manufacturers and distributors of products ranging from insulation, to energy efficiency lighting, to HVAC systems, looking for opportunities to grow in the United States and globally. Industrial manufacturers of all sizes are already are investing in energy efficiency and to help keep down their costs, but an additional 15 to 30 percent reduction over all energy consumption can be achieved through further deployment of industrial energy efficiency with onsite renewable technologies, and if we are taking advantage of some of these efficiencies, that creates opportunities for small and medium-size manufacturers to make those technologies here at home and making our businesses much more globally competitive.    Public infrastructure projects utilize significant financial resources, whether it is building bridges, tunnels, or transit systems. When you use inputs sourced from countries with weak environmental or labor standards, that has long-lasting implications, not only on our workforce here but with higher greenhouse gas emissions, toxic air emissions, and potential impacts to the safety and the reliability of the materials used for public infrastructure. We believe strong procurement standards--Buy America, Buy Clean--for publicly-financed infrastructure projects will help make sure that these projects are more domestically sourced and provide enhanced opportunities for smaller U.S. manufacturers to break in and further grow their businesses.    Finally, the automotive industry has regained its competitive position globally and brought back over 250,000 direct manufacturing jobs building new and more fuel-efficient vehicles, advanced auto components, and innovative materials, and it is critical that we continue the growth of advanced automotive manufacturing, and a lot of small, medium-sized businesses are seizing those opportunities.    But to further seize the opportunity to grow these quality jobs, we need to prioritize key policies and investments.    First, our companies are looking for market certainty. Manufacturers across the energy sector depend on policy leadership and consistency to create the climate for a robust, private investment in these promising, yet emerging fields.    Second, additional investment is needed to bring more energy and transportation infrastructure up to the level needed to support our country and the global economy.    Third, we need to look at forward-leaning standards, procurement policies, to spur adoption of clean and efficient technologies and encourage investments to deploy advanced energy, transportation, and infrastructure, and to manufacture these technologies in America.    Fourth, it is important to provide technical assistance to small manufacturers looking to enter the market. That one-on-one support is absolutely critical.    And finally, the energy workforce is aging. It is critical we utilize established apprentice and other training programs to ensure all manufacturers, regardless of size, have skilled applicants for the jobs that they are looking to fill.    I really appreciate the opportunity and your support and your work around small business, and thank you for the opportunity to appear here at today's hearing.    Ms. GLAS. I will just note that I have building and construction trades as part of the BlueGreen Alliance, including the plumbers and pipefitters where those welding skills are needed, and their apprenticeship programs are wildly popular. They have done major recruitment efforts to ensure that that next generation workforce is learning the skillsets necessary for that clean energy economy and learning that skillset that when they are doing the work, that it is qualified work, that it is certified to meet the standards, that it is delivering what that work should be. So we are very excited about some of the work, and I think there are more opportunities for apprenticeship programs like the building and construction trade apprenticeship programs to work even further with technical colleges to ensure we are all pulling in the same direction.    Ms. GLAS. I think the state and Federal policy plays a key role in contributing to how and whether manufacturers continue to grow. California has been a leader across the country on environmental policies to help spur that sort of next generation of investments. I would caution, though, that there are some big industrial manufacturers who are producing products in California and on the West Coast that are producing aluminum or steel products, steel inputs that go into some of that next generation product. You want to ensure that we are sourcing those products here in the United States where it is less carbon intensive. Importing steel from China is two to three times more carbon intensive. How do we ensure the full value of the benefits for the clean energy manufacturing economy go from the raw material producer all the way through the chain? The state and the Federal government have a lot to do with whether manufacturing in this sector will grow and really seize the opportunities that lie ahead.    Ms. GLAS. They have been enormously helpful in ensuring that these industries see a longevity and making sure that they are cost competitive with those companies that are importing product. I will say that because there has been uncertain around those tax credits in the past, a lot of companies have been hesitant to make the investments that they wanted to make in the sector. I really appreciate Congress moving forward on that. I think that was a significant leap ahead. But markets demand certainty, and so I would continue encouraging this type of thinking of how to get to the next generation technologies.    Ms. GLAS. I think that was a wonderful step forward. A lot of this work actually happens on the ground level of manufacturers talking to technical colleges, talking with apprenticeship programs. There is a lot more fostering and convening that needs to happen locally to ensure that next generation workforce is in the pipeline and that manufacturing is a career opportunity that everyone wants to be a part of because it is part of the gateway to the middle class.    Ms. GLAS. This might get to Mr. Ratzenberger's comments about sort of tinkering and learning early. As a woman who has devoted her entire career to growing the manufacturing base, I do not recall a single time in elementary school or in high school where a guidance counselor or career counselor ever said, have you considered going into manufacturing? Do you know what manufacturing today looks like? Because it is a lot more innovative. It is not your mom and dad's manufacturing anymore. It is very lean. It is very automated. It takes high skills in terms of engineering skills, math skills, and science skills.    Personally, I think women do not fully understand or appreciate the type of employment and how it can be a family-sustaining wage. There is a gap. There is a gender gap in the building and construction trades. There is no doubt about that. But I think----    Ms. GLAS. Yep.    Ms. GLAS. Completely. It is something that I do not know, exactly how to bridge that gap. A lot of people have been thinking about ways to do that, but I think earlier on in the school age, women need to be shown that there are possibilities in this sector. What these sectors are about. What are the types of jobs in these sectors? What is the income level of these sectors? To get people more talking about the fact that they want to be part of a manufacturing skilled training future.