    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. Weiss. I will reiterate the words from my colleague, Mr. Labrador. I appreciate your honest approach to this, and the Administration's efforts to try to come up with a real solution here----    Mr. Westerman . And being transparent in identifying where the issues are.    As it has been noted, Puerto Rico has lost about 10 percent of its population and over 250,000 jobs in the last 10 years. Much of this is due to the lack of opportunities on the island, and also for the citizens' ability to move freely to the United States.    I know in some of the solutions you have proposed to try to help stem some of the out-migration, you have talked about extending programs like Medicaid and the Earned Income Tax Credit, to make it equal to what we have here in the states.    As I look at out-migration or migration into the states here, we see that there is a lot of data that shows that people move to states where there are more job opportunities. They may even move from states where there may be more Federal benefit programs to states where they have more job opportunities. I am wondering if in the analysis in coming up with these solutions, did you do any kind of a survey on when there is out-migration from Puerto Rico to the states, which states they are moving to, and what is attracting them to those states.    Mr. Westerman. I am guessing it would be similar to what we see here, where they are probably attracted to areas that have higher job growth and more job opportunities.    With that said, does the Administration have any proposals to attract growth on the island?    Mr. Westerman. And, as my colleagues from Montana and Louisiana talked about, energy issues on the island--I believe they pay approximately twice the cost per kilowatt hour for electricity as Americans pay, on average. Have there been any ideas or proposals to reform the energy sector on the island? Because obviously, low energy costs will help attract manufacturers and good jobs.    Mr. Westerman. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Gallego.