    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I do thank you for holding this hearing on allegations of misconduct by employees of the Federal Air Marshal Service.    And let me say this from the outset, Mr. Chairman. I agree with you with regard to Administrator Allison. It is so often that people in his position seem to skirt around matters when there is wrongdoing in their department. But, as you have said to me both privately and now publicly, he has taken on his responsibilities very diligently and carefully and has done everything in his power to address the issues at hand. And we do appreciate that.    Our committee has been looking into two separate cases. In February, press reports allege that a TSA employee used her position to gain access to personnel files and flight schedules to identify air marshals she wanted to date. According to these press reports, flight schedules were changed to facilitate, ``sexual trysts.'' On March 2, Chairman Chaffetz and I, along with Representatives Mica, Duckworth, DeSantis, and Lynch, wrote to Secretary Johnson at the Department of Homeland Security with regard to this incident.    A second incident was reported publicly just yesterday. According to an article by the Associated Press, ``Two Federal Air Marshals have been suspended amidallegations they hired prostitutes overseas and recorded a sexual encounter with a government-issued device.'' Obviously, if these allegations are accurate, they are completely inappropriate for anyone, let alone air marshals charged with securing our skies. These employees must be held accountable, and I know they will be.    From our perspective here in Congress, we want to ensure the integrity of the ongoing investigations and disciplinary actions in these cases, so we cannot discuss some of this information publicly. The last thing we want to do is compromise these ongoing investigations.    Director Allison, we understand that you and Ms. Book may not be able to testify about certain details of these cases at today's hearing. We fully understand that. And, as the chairman said, I know that he will diligently guard against questions that might go into those issues.    Despite these limitations, however, I want to thank you very much for the detailed briefing you gave to me and to the chairman last night about these incidents. Based on the limited information the committee has obtained to date, it appears that managers at your agency have been acting appropriately, using existing legal authorities to investigate and take action on these cases.    The chairman has also made clear that he acknowledges the positive steps you have taken to date. And I applaud you for what you said to us just yesterday--that is, that you want to be proactive, that you want to create an atmosphere where these things don't happen so you don't have to come behind and clean up a mess. Those aren't your words; those are my words.    Our broad interest is in ensuring that employees who are alleged to have engaged in misconduct are investigated promptly and fairly. We want bad employees to be routed out as quickly as possible because they give a bad name to the vast majority of Federal workers who devote their entire careers and lives to this Nation.    And one of the other things that you told us is that you want to make sure that your agency has the very best and lives up to the highest of standards. And we appreciate that.    We also want to protect the rights of employees accused of misconduct to ensure that they have due process to defend themselves against accusations that are false. Director Allison has already taken several steps to improve this process, and I believe the Oversight Committee can also help.    For example, my staff members have been working very closely behind the scenes to help the Environmental Protection Agency and its inspector general develop new protocols to share information about employee misconduct matters. As a result of this work, both the EPA and IG have now advised the committee that they have implemented new processes to take more timely and fair disciplinary actions. They have begun holding biweekly meetings to share information about investigations, they are now communicating more frequently about administrative actions, and they are now sharing with agency managers reports of investigation in specific cases.    And so, Mr. Chairman, as I close, I have here a joint letter that was sent to the committee from both the EPA and the IG's office detailing some of these improvements, and I ask unanimous consent that it be entered into the record.    Mr. Cummings. I believe this letter shows what we can do if we work hard with the agencies and the investigators to improve their procedures. This type of work does not always get the big headlines, but it makes a real difference. I look forward to hearing from Director Allison and Ms. Book about whether this procedure or something similar would help TSA, as well.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, I thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Would the gentlelady yield? Thank you very much.    Just one question. When you met with the chairman and yours truly last night, I wanted, you know, the committee to have the benefit of an answer to a question I asked you.    The chairman and I have concluded that the Secret Service over the years had developed a certain culture. Some might call it complacency; some, mediocrity. I do believe it has gotten better, and a lot of it has gotten better because of the things that we have done.    But I want you to talk about, do you believe that you have a culture problem? Because if there is a culture problem, I mean, you have to dig deep and really, kind of, almost reconstruct sometimes. But do you see that, or do you just see these as more like aberrations?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.    Director Allison, let me ask you this. I was listening to you talk about being proactive, and you also talked a little bit earlier about hiring and trying to make sure you hire the right people.    And, in this committee, we have been dealing with the Secret Service. In my community, we have been dealing with Baltimore City Police.    And, you know, I think, a lot of times--when I hire people, I look for two things: I look for smart people and people with passion for the mission. Got to have both. One without the other doesn't work. Because if they've got passion for the mission--if they're smart and they've got passion for the mission, like you said, there are certain things they're just not going to do. They're not going to do it. I mean, in other words, negative things, going against the mission. It's sort of like going against yourself.    And I'm listening to you, and I was thinking, you know, I think people can supervise with a culture of fear or with a culture of inclusiveness and excellence. And it's just like--you know, I sit on the board of the Naval Academy, and there's not a time that I meet with those midshipmen after our board meetings that I am not filled with just phenomenal admiration. You know why? Because they have both. They have a passion for the mission and this country, and they're smart. And so they basically sort of self-govern. I guess that's where you're trying to get to. People self-govern because they want to be a part of the elite of the elite.    And I was just wondering--I mean, I just kind of throw those concepts out there. Because I think sometimes we approach things from the backdoor with ``gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.'' And I think there's a natural inclination, if you are supervising with a ``gotcha,'' somebody is going to try to duck and dodge in the process. But if everybody is being lifted up, my theory is the people who are not about the mission are going to fall off. Because you know why? The people who are about it aren't going to tolerate it. They're just not going to tolerate it. Or the person who's not about the mission is going to feel so uncomfortable that it's just not--they know it's not going to work.    And I just wanted to--I mean, I've listened to all of what you've said, and I'm just wondering, how does what I just said, if any of it, fit into your philosophy of supervision?    And the reason why it's so important, you know, the chairman is right. I mean, we have folk come in here all the time, and it's almost like they're--they are in supervisory roles, but they seem as if they don't want to admit if there is a problem. And if there is a problem, they don't want to take the appropriate action to address it, with due process of course.    So I was just curious as to, you know, your feelings on that.    Mr. Cummings. Now, one of the things that--I mean, how do you feel about the morale in your agency overall?    Mr. Cummings. Yeah, the morale.    Mr. Cummings. Yeah.    Last question. And I'll ask you and Ms. Book. I want to be real clear: So you all feel that you have the tools that you need? You don't need anything else from us, is that right, to deal with discipline and things of that nature?    Ms. Book?    Mr. Cummings. All right.    Director?    Mr. Cummings. Okay.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Chairman, I'll be very brief.    First of all, Director Allison and Ms. Book, I don't know whether you watch our hearings often?    Mr. Cummings. You must have an exciting life.    The----    Mr. Cummings. But rarely are we able to jointly give these kind of compliments. And that's why I say that. But they're meant very sincerely. It's always good to have an example of what should be done. And I think that now that we hear about what you're doing, it helps us.    And I know you--I know you want to stay in your lane. I got that. But you are presenting an example of the way it should be done. And now, you know, we're going to--I hate to tell you this, but we're going to hold other agencies to the same standard. Because when they come in, we're going to ask, why can't they do these things?    But, again, thank you.    And an interesting thing, too. When I asked did you have--did you need any additional authority. I think what the difference is, other folks actually--you all take the authority that you have and use it. Other folks don't always do that. And I think that's the big difference.    With that, I want to thank you all very much. And I want to--by the way, we really want to thank all of the employees of your agency. We appreciate what they do.    A lot of times--you know, my mother used to, when she prayed, she would say, ``Thank you, Lord, for protecting me from my seen and unseen dangers.'' And so, when things aren't seen, a lot of times people don't know what your agents are able to avoid. They only hear about the things that go wrong, and then you catch somebody or something like that, but I know there's a lot of unseen things that they also address. And I want to thank all of them on behalf of a grateful Congress.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.