    Mr. Rouzer. This joint hearing of the Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture, of the Committee on Agriculture, and the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, on U.S. international food aid programs will come to order. I want to thank each of you for joining us this morning. We are going to have two panels, and it is very important that we continue our review of international food aid programs.    To date, we have heard from USDA and USAID officials charged with implementing these vital programs. We have heard from those tasked with program oversight and accountability about what is working, and what could be improved. We have heard from those producing and processing the food used in our food aid programs, and we have heard from on the ground implementers. Today we will hear from those who are tasked with shipping that aid to those in need around the globe. To that end, we are holding this hearing in collaboration with our colleagues from the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. I want to thank my friend, Chairman Duncan Hunter, along with our other colleagues on the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee, for their willingness to examine these issues with us.    While the agriculture and maritime communities have worked hand in hand for the past 60 years to deliver food to hungry people around the world, the vast majority of government-impelled cargo is military hardware. However, with the volume of military cargo declining, the availability of other government-impelled cargo, like food aid, has assumed greater significance in sustaining a viable U.S. merchant marine industry. Given this reality, I personally remain perplexed at USAID's continued push to move away from in-kind donations in exchange for more cash-based assistance. I am particularly concerned by the fact that they attempted to achieve this by driving a wedge between the agriculture and maritime communities, while using scarce food aid funding to do it. I look forward to exploring this, and confirming where things currently stand with our witnesses today.    Given the interconnectedness of our maritime security and food aid programs, undermining one ultimately jeopardizes both. As we move forward, we must work to maximize cooperation and program efficiency throughout all sectors to reach the maximum number of people in need, but we must do so in a way that does not jeopardize the long-term support and accomplishments these programs have achieved.    Again, thank you all for being here today.    Mr. Rouzer. I now yield to Ranking Member Costa for any remarks he would like to make.    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you very much, and I recognize Chairman Hunter for a few remarks, if he has any to make.    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I now recognize Ranking Member Garamendi, if he has any comments to make.    Mr. Rouzer. The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so the witnesses may begin their testimony, and to ensure there is ample time for questions. The chair would like to remind Members that they will be recognized for questioning in order of seniority for Members who were present at the start of the hearing. After that, Members will be recognized in order of their arrival, and I appreciate the Members' understanding. Witnesses are asked to limit their oral presentations to 5 minutes. All written statements will be included in the record.    I would like to welcome our first panel of witnesses to the panel, Mr. David Berteau, Assistant Secretary of Defense, Logistics, and Material Readiness, Department of Defense, and the Honorable Paul Jaenichen, Administrator, Maritime Administration here in Washington. Gentlemen, thank you both for being here today. Mr. Berteau, we will begin with you.    Mr. Rouzer. Mr. Jaenichen?       STATEMENT OF HON. PAUL N. ``CHIP'' JAENICHEN, Sr.,    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you both, gentlemen, for being here today. Mr. Jaenichen, my question is for you. As I said in my opening statement, I have serious concerns about USAID's back door attempt to exclude agriculture from negotiations that dramatically impact the delivery of in-kind food aid. I am concerned about the fact that those meetings excluded agriculture groups, a major food aid contributor, obviously. Now, in previous hearings we learned that these deals would have directed money from Title II food aid programs to MSP and non-MSP shippers of food aid. Please explain MARAD's position on this proposal, along with the agency's involvement in the development of this proposal, if you don't mind.    Mr. Rouzer. To your knowledge, were the agriculture groups consulted at all?    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you. Mr. Costa, do you have any questions?    Mr. Rouzer. I now recognize Chairman Hunter for any questions he may have.    Mr. Rouzer. I kept my questions short so you could go long, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Garamendi.    Mr. Rouzer. Mr. Kelly.    Mr. Rouzer. The gentlelady from California, Ms. Hahn.    Mr. Rouzer. I see the Chairman of the full Committee has arrived. All right. Mrs. Hartzler?    Mr. Rouzer. Mr. Newhouse?    Mr. Rouzer. I would like to thank our witnesses on this first panel. I appreciate you being here today. I would like to go ahead and call forward our second panel at this time.    We have with us on our second panel Mr. James Caponiti, President of the American Maritime Congress, Mr. Philip Shapiro, President and CEO of Liberty Maritime Corporation, Captain John Murray, President and CEO of Hapag-Lloyd USA, LLC, and Mr. Brian Schoeneman, Political and Legislative Director, Seafarer's International Union. I would like to thank each of you gentlemen for being here today, and, Mr. Caponiti, we will begin with you. And, if you can, try to keep your comments to 5 minutes.    Mr. Rouzer. Mr. Shapiro?    Mr. Rouzer. Point made. Try to keep your comments to 5 minutes, and there will be plenty of opportunity to expound during the question and answer session.    Mr. Rouzer. Mr. Schoeneman?    Mr. Rouzer. I thank each of you for your testimony. Mr. Chairman, do you have any comment or question?    Mr. Rouzer. Mr. Shapiro, my question is directed towards you. Of course, in the past USDA and USAID have each handled substantial components of the food aid programs, including shared responsibilities for commodity transportation and procurement. I think this would make sense, I wanted to see what you think. Would it make sense to consolidate the commodity transportation and procurement within USDA instead of duplicating much of that at USAID?    Mr. Rouzer. My next question is for all of you on the panel that wish to respond, and I want to attack this head on. Critics of U.S. delivery of in-kind international food aid complain about inefficiencies in delivering food aid as a physical commodity. For each of you that have a comment on this, I would like to hear your response to those criticisms, and your perspective on what can be done to address any of those criticisms.    Mr. Rouzer. My time has expired. Mr. Costa.    Mr. Rouzer. Chairman Hunter?    Mr. Rouzer. Mr. Garamendi?    Mr. Rouzer. Mr. Graves?    Mr. Rouzer. The gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings.    Mr. Rouzer. The gentleman's time has expired. In closing, let me say I greatly appreciate the gentlemen on the panel, and thank you for your participation. And, of course, I appreciate the gentlemen who were on the first panel for today's hearing. I think this has been a very informative, very good joint Subcommittee hearing. Mr. Garamendi, do you have any closing comment you would like to make?