    Mr. Pascrell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, you have really assembled three great testimonies today. We have three great economists. I trust each one of them. I may not agree with them, but that is immaterial. I say that with a full heart.    So Mr. Bernstein referred to the U.S. Census report yesterday. I think that is important, significant stuff, because, Mr. Chairman, if we are ever going to come to a resolution of any of these problems, we have to look at the pluses and minuses. Sometimes I listen to you folks on the other side of the aisle, and then we are ready to throw in the towel. And I know you are not a throw-in-the-towel guy. But in order for us to get resolution, we have to come to an agreement, we have to come to a resolution. Would you agree? Very good.    So I reject the doom and gloom. There is no denying America is getting stronger economically. The budget projections reflect that as we see more revenue from individual taxes, as working Americans make more money.    But what you don't see going up are revenues from anywhere else. They are flat and they are declining. Corporate income tax revenues in 1952 accounted for 33 percent of all revenue. In 1986, it was down to 23 percent, Mr. Chairman. Today, it is 11 percent.    Now, that is a, to me--I will stand corrected--a huge shift on where we get our revenue in order to run the government. Despite U.S.-based corporations seeing record profits, they are contributing very little to the Federal revenue, when you look at those numbers. I didn't make them up.    Tax reform in 1986 also made it more appealing for our businesses to structure themselves as pass-through companies. You have written, you have talked about this, I know, a few of you on the panel. You pay lower than individual tax rates.    Mr. Pascrell. Now, I am going to put a chart up here. You tell me. And this is revised every year. It is my favorite, favorite, favorite chart of all time. This chart shows what contributes to our deficit. It destroys the myths that we hear many times in this very room.    So what is the major part of our problem since we, as Democrats and Republicans, have reduced the deficit in the past few years? And look at this chart. The situation from the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 are going to be contributing proportionately a greater portion of the problem that exists with the deficit that we have in this country. You cannot deny where our budget and where our policy priorities are.    I think that this is a very revealing chart. I don't put charts up much when I speak, but I think this is a very revealing chart of where we are heading that highlights the need for comprehensive tax reform and modernizes our Tax Code and catches income earned by U.S.-based companies in a way that is fair and puts us on a path to fiscal sustainability. And I think that is the key word. Each of you mentioned it in manner, shape, or form.    We can modify the funding stream for Social Security, as an example. I would agree. We have to address it. I mean, we can hide it. We can hide under the desk. When you are a mayor of a town, you don't hide under the desk, they will come and get you. And we do that in Congress, we hide under the desk.    I support the Social Security 2100 Act. I ask you all to look at it, tell me where it is wrong, where it is right. John Larson, many people are cosponsoring it. It would reinstitute the employment tax for Social Security at incomes above $400,000 to shore up the trust fund. Representatives Sanchez and Honda and Pocan are leading another bill to phase out the cap on taxing income above $118,000.    As income inequality grows, the rich pull away from everyone else in terms of income. It no longer makes sense to cap the Social Security.    And in conclusion, simply say this. When you examine what we taxed 30 years ago, 40 years ago, and to see the shift to attacking personal income and taxing personal income, we have to work on this. To me, I believe we are going in the wrong direction on this.    Mr. Pascrell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your courtesy.