    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, recently we have heard a lot about Patriot batteries and the Army air defenders being stretched to their breaking point. And, in fact, recently deputy commander of the 32nd Air and Missile Defense Command stated this: ``Today we have air and missile defense forces in nine countries. On any given day, nearly half of the Army's Patriot batteries are outside the continental United States and we have begun forward deploying THAAD batteries. We are rapidly approaching an inflection point where we face the risk of breaking our AMD, our air missile defense force.''    I have two questions. First, as the imminent modernization of this system creates further strains on the deployment capability, what are your concerns as a combatant commander? And the second question is, what are the alternatives to drawing down force structure to make sure we don't deny our combatant commanders the capability they need?    General Austin. Sir, on the first question, in terms of a combatant commander's perspective on this, while I certainly share the Army services' concerns in being able to manage the op tempo of its people, I think that is very, very important. But as you take a look at the emerging threats in the region, in the Central Region, certainly I remain concerned about Iran's ballistic missile capability. Now they continue to gain more capability and that capability is more accurate and more lethal as we go forward. So I think there is a need--there will remain a need for a good air defense capability to make sure that we protect our interest in the region and also to be able to work with our allies in the region.    In terms of ways to mitigate this, we are going to have to continue to work with the allies to help them develop capacity and capability to, again, not only take care of their own sovereign territory, but also add to, you know, the greater potential, the greater capability in the region. And we have a long way to go in that endeavor, but I think that that is--that is one of the major ways that we can look to address this issue going forward.    Mr. Rogers. Have you or OSD or Joint Staff been talking with any of our allies about hosting some of these assets on a semi-permanent basis instead of us rotating them around?    General Austin. We have not reached a decision to forward position any assets, sir. So we have continuing dialogue with our allies in the region in terms of what is possible, what is not possible. But, you know, certainly we have not taken a decision to forward position additional missile defense assets.    Mr. Rogers. If you did, would it take some of the stress off by not having to rotate?    General Austin. I think it would, sir. I think that would certainly be one way to address this.    Mr. Rogers. Okay. Thank you.    That is all I have, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Ms. Tsongas.