    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you, Ranking Member.    Some of my colleagues--and many of you know that I'm a freshman Congresswoman, so this conversation has preceded me in the previous Congress. So I have some questions of timelines that I would like to validate.    Some of my colleagues continue to claim that there was ill intent surrounding Lois Lerner's computer crash, that she intentionally crashed it to conceal her emails. I just want to review the timeline.    And, Mr. George, Lois Lerner's computer crashed on June 13, 2011; is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. And emails produced to the Committee confirm that it crashed on June 13, 2011.    Then, on June 14, 2011, Ms. Lerner sent an email to several IRS employees stating that she could not read her emails because her computer crashed a day earlier. She wrote, ``My computer crashed yesterday. My BlackBerry doesn't work in my office, so I just saw this.''    Mr. George, according to your audit report on June 29, 2011, Ms. Lerner received a briefing explaining that the IRS employees in Cincinnati were searching for applications that included the terms ``Tea Party,'' ``Patriots,'' and ``9/12.''    Do I have that date correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. So before Ms. Lerner received information from you that there were complaints, her computer had already crashed. Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes.    Mrs. Lawrence. Well, according to your report, Ms. Lerner learned about these inappropriate search terms. She wrote--or she Stated that she immediately directed that the criteria be changed.    Mrs. Lawrence. OK. So if we are following the timeline, June 13, the computer crashed; on June 14, there was an email sent saying, my computer crashed yesterday; and then, on June 29, Ms. Lerner received a briefing explaining that employees in IRS were using these terms.    And if I'm correct, those are the timelines so far, correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. OK.    So, at the time of Ms. Lerner's computer crash, had TIGTA commenced its audit of IRS employees' handling of applications for tax-exempt status?    Mrs. Lawrence. No. So she couldn't have known that you were coming in to investigate the past actions or the need for her--she hadn't been notified of any need or any investigation when the audit began.    Mrs. Lawrence. I am looking for not assumptions. If the facts that we have is that her computer--we have a date, and her computer crashed on June 13. And it wasn't until June 29 that there was indication that there was going to be an audit based on these terminologies that were being used.    Mrs. Lawrence. That's a fact.    Mrs. Lawrence. OK.    Mrs. Lawrence. And our former chairman did not ask to review this matter until 2012; is that correct?