    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Chairman, for holding this hearing today.    And thank you, witnesses, for being here.    You know, it is so frustrating to me to hear people who have no idea what is going on. And Mr. Eisenbrey talks about he is a private employer, and he is a small business owner, but Mr. Robinson, Mr. Macre, and Mr. Eisenbrey's testimony states Economic Policy Institute is both a nonprofit and a small business entity.    For the record, I would like to share just a few facts with you about the Economic Policy Institute that I learned from its Website. From 2010 to 2014, EPI received 27 percent of its funding from unions and 57 percent from foundations. The chairman of EPI's board is none other than Mr. Trumka, the chairman of the AFL-CIO. So from my perspective, EPI has absolutely nothing in common with the other small businesses that we have here.    Mr. Robinson or Mr. Macre, does 80 percent of your funding come from unions or foundations, or does it come from you?    Mr. KELLY. And I wish that everything was cherry blossoms and rainbows. I wish everybody could have all the money that they want regardless of where they are from or what job they do. I wish we all made equal amounts. I wish I had a lot more money than I do. However, that is just not going to happen, and you can't take it from owners who don't have it.    Having owned a small business, a law firm, a private practice law firm, where I did write the checks, and the money came from me, not some outside foundation, from the clients that I represented, I think it is important to understand that it is not going to create 100,000 jobs. I don't care what the statistics say. And if it does create jobs, those jobs are going to be part-time.    I also worked as a city prosecutor in a county government for a long time. Most of the salaried employees made less than this amount in Mississippi, which is very, very rural. But that is a good living there. You understand this, that what happens is people just go home or you don't--you have a hiring freeze, you don't rehire because personnel is the largest cost of a local government.    And you understand that, Commissioner. Can you comment just a little bit about the difference between a part time and the benefits they receive versus a full-time employee that they receive from the county or city?    Mr. KELLY. And I also take exception to professionals. And again, I think there is just--you know, even within my district, it is 22 counties. I have one county that has 167,000 people in it. I have one county that has 8,000 people in it. So to compare those incomes in those counties is not--so I understand exactly what you are saying.    And when you throw in Atlanta, Georgia, with Calhoun City, Mississippi, or Vardaman, Mississippi, those are not equal and you can't compare statistics about what salaries are based on those. Would you agree with that?    Mr. KELLY. Thank you.    And the final point I will say is, I worked for the government as a district attorney, and so I hired people.    Most of my investigators that worked for me--which are long-time law enforcement officers who are stepping up in a job and it paid at or less than what the salaried amount is now, which is a great limit--I had ADAs, assistant district attorneys who were coming out of law school, and I could not pay them $49,000, $50,000 a year because it was not within my budget.    But the experience and the trial experience and the mentorships and the things those people got, but what would have happened if they would have said you have to pay them this or pay them overtime, I would just not have hired someone. I would have had less assistant district attorneys and less opportunities. Can any of you comment on that?    Mr. KELLY. Mr. Chairman, I would like to claim back my time. He has gone over what the amount is.