    Dr. Gosar. Ms. McCarthy, in yesterday's hearing in front of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, when asked whether the government should be held to the same standards as it requires of the public and the private sector, you stated that, ``Actually, a higher standard would be quite appropriate.'' Do you still believe today that a higher standard for government would be quite appropriate?    Dr. Gosar. Thank you. I appreciate it.    Dr. Gosar. I would like to highlight and submit for the record a Wall Street Journal article from September 9 written by a former EPA employee. In the article, Bill Wehrum states, ``a facility in Charleston, West Virginia, accidentally spilled roughly 7,500 gallons of toxic chemicals into the local waterway. The EPA's recent discharge of toxic water in Colorado was many times larger. Yet the Agency went after the company with everything it had.''    Dr. Gosar. Should the Department of Justice or an independent investigator go after the EPA with everything it has?    Dr. Gosar. Would the Inspector Generals be involved in that----    Dr. Gosar. Former EPA employee, Wehrum, also references an incident that occurred during the Clinton administration, where a railroad supervisor overseeing a quarry project hired a contractor who accidentally struck a pipeline with a backhoe and contaminated about 1,500 gallons of river water. While the supervisor, Hanousek, was off-duty at the time of the incident, and had subcontracted the work, the EPA pursued criminal charges against him. He was sentenced to 6 months in prison because he was ultimately responsible for the safety on the site.    You have said that the EPA and you are ultimately responsible for this spill, and you take personal responsibility of this incident, correct?    Dr. Gosar. OK, OK. Since you believe in parity and a higher standard for government, should someone from the EPA go to jail for this incident, then? We are making apples to apples----    Dr. Gosar. I would beg to differ. I mean, we knew there was a problem here, and we should have alerted everybody along these lines.    Dr. Gosar. I think the Chairman of the----    Dr. Gosar . Committee, from that standpoint.    Dr. Gosar. What actions would the EPA take against a private company who was responsible for a spill of this magnitude?    Dr. Gosar. OK. When the spill was reported to the National Response Center at 12:27 on August 5, the caller repeatedly emphasized how important it was to notify downstream users who would be affected by the contaminated plume headed toward them. The message was relayed to the EPA.    Why is it that the state of New Mexico, the Southern Ute tribe, and the Navajo Nation all found out about this spill from other sources, not the EPA, who caused the incident in the first place?    Dr. Gosar. Really?    Dr. Gosar. Well, so you were notified. How hard would it be to pick up the phone?    Dr. Gosar. OK.    Dr. Gosar. Well, obviously, as a CEO, it failed. It failed miserably. It was way delayed. You have representatives that will testify to that--the Navajo Nation, the Utes.    I want to, first, move forward a little bit. This lack of trust that is now being instilled within the tribes--how can we expect states and tribes to have trust and faith in your agency to clean up this mess, if they cannot rely simply on being informed of what is going on? You talked about collaboration, but it shows very poor respect.    I want to ask one more question before you answer, because I am running out of time.    Dr. Gosar. Why is it so difficult--I know the Southern Utes were on there--for tribes and the states to have seats at the table at the EPA's Incident Command Center, having open lines of communication or getting questions answered about health and sediment impacts? Because I know they are. Well, I look over at the President of the Navajo Nation. This could have been dramatically averted. So, I want to know why there is so much reluctancy in those applications?    Dr. Gosar. And the Navajo?    Dr. Gosar. Something seriously went wrong in this application; and, as a CEO, I hope that you would review that. Thank you.