    Ms. Hawthorne. Good morning. Thank you, Madam Chair, Ranking Member Deutch, distinguished members of the committee. I am honored to be here today to testify alongside my esteemed colleagues.    I would also like to commend the chair and Congressman Connolly for their leadership on a series of crucially important GAO reports that have shed light on U.S. aid to Egypt and for the subcommittee's leadership on holding regular hearings on Egypt over the past few years.    With your permission, I will summarize the key points of my written testimony.    Ms. Hawthorne. Egypt remains important to the United States for all the reasons that have been mentioned this morning, but nearly 3 years after now-President el-Sisi led the military overthrow of Mohamed Morsi's government, Egypt is headed in the wrong direction with regard to political developments, its economy, and its security situation, and in many ways it has become a more difficult partner for the United States. At present, relations with Egypt present more challenges than opportunities for the United States.    With regard to the political situation, as detailed in fact sheets that I attached to my testimony, there is an intense campaign of repression, vast human rights violations and a political crackdown that is far worse than anything that took place under Mubarak or under former President Morsi. I will spare you the details, but suffice it to say that thousands of Egyptians have been locked up, and conditions in detention centers and prisons are thought to involve abuse and torture and the potential radicalization of inmates who are held in these conditions. Civil society and independent human rights groups are under an intense campaign of repression. Blasphemy cases and other prosecution of Egyptians for expressing their opinions and their views, including against Coptic Christians, are at record highs in Sisi's Egypt.    As the leading human rights activist Gamal Eid wrote in a recent article in the New York Times, when independent, political activity and civil society groups are crushed, you run the risk in Egypt of moving toward a situation that was similar to that which existed in Qaddafi's Libya or Saddam Hussein's Iraq in which there are no mediating institutions, no spaces for citizens to gather peacefully and organize and mobilize against their government, and this creates a society that is far more brutal and far less prepared to deal with turbulence and conflict and risks falling into violence.    On the economic front, although President Sisi has a spoken often of improving the economy and the Egyptian Government has taken some important steps, Egypt remains mired in economic problems. By many economic indicators, the economy is getting worse, and most concerning, I don't see a clear sign coming from the Egyptian leadership about a sound economic policy to turn the situation around.    I would also note that one of the key features of Sisi's Egypt, which is an increased role for the military in the civilian economy, is completely antithetical to the development of the competitive, free-market economy that many Egyptians and the U.S. would like to see developed.    With regard to security, my colleague Mokhtar Awad has described the situation far better than I ever could, but I would just like to underscore that there are genuine concerns that Sisi's strategy of combating the real terrorist threat that Egypt faces runs the risk of being so broad and indiscriminate and brutal that it may actually worsen the very problem it is trying to address by expanding the pool of Egyptians aggrieved against their government and susceptible to radicalization.    With regard to U.S. relations, although President Sisi has often said that he seeks a strong relationship and a strategic relationship with the United States, the actions of many in the Egyptian Government suggest otherwise. This is a government that has refused to pardon innocent American citizens who have been wrongly convicted on trumped up charges relating to their work with NGOs; that puts American citizens on trial; that detains American citizens and deports them from the airport with no explanation; that constantly features negative images of and attacks on the United States and its media; and that, as the recent GAO report on security assistance pointed out, refuses to cooperate on many key aspects of U.S. security assistance.    We need to work with Egypt. Although it is not easy, the United States must continue to partner with this government while showing strong signs of concern about the trajectory of the country.    In the question-and-answer, I would be pleased to describe some details about the ways I think we should restructure our ESF and our FMF program in order to develop a course correction with regard to our policies in Egypt. Thank you.    Ms. Hawthorne. Thank you. That is a crucial question. I believe that many Egyptians do support President Sisi's approach, and he does continue to enjoy support from large parts of the Egyptian population. But first of all, that support has notably declined in the past year as problems in Egypt have mounted.    And secondly, I believe there are many Egyptians who are very worried and fearful of President Sisi's counterterrorism approach. In fact, many of these Egyptians are the very ones who the government and state institutions need to be able to reach to convince them not to turn to violence, not to turn to radicalization. And it is this constituency of Egyptian citizens who themselves or their friends or their families have been arrested, detained, tortured, subject to other kinds of mistreatment, convicted in trials that lack any semblance of due process. I think for those Egyptians they are looking for Egyptian leadership that has the moral authority to talk about values of tolerance and acceptance and human rights that are at the core of countering any message from ISIS. And they have, I think, a very serious concern.    President Sisi speaks out against Islamic radicalism, which is crucial, but the other half of the equation, which is all of the other things that are needed to diminish the appeal of these groups, is really missing at this time.    Ms. Hawthorne. I guess I will start with that one. First, in response to one of the earlier questions--and this actually feeds into your very important question with regard to how the U.S. can engage with Egypt on human rights and civil society and talk about the ways in which upholding these norms and values is in Egypt's interest--I would note that in recent meetings with visiting U.S. congressional delegations and with other foreign visitors, President Sisi has reportedly stated that the West should not hold Egypt to unfair Western human rights standards and that we should create sort of a lower standard or exceptions for Egypt's human rights performance.    But in fact it is very important to keep in mind that these standards are not Western standards. Many of them are enshrined in Egypt's new constitution of 2014. Egypt is also a signatory to several key international human rights instruments, and quasi-official human rights bodies in Egypt monitor human rights. So when President Sisi and other Egyptian officials make that assertion, I think we need to be ready to respond with the fact that these are really Egyptian norms and Egyptian demands, as well as universal ones.    With regard to the very troubling event that you referenced in Minya, frankly, this is one of the most disturbing things that I have read about of all the incredibly disturbing things that have been happening in Egypt recently. And sadly, it is a part of a pattern of communal tensions that lead to violent attacks on Coptic Christians with no recourse and no justice.    One of the disturbing elements of this incident was that it only came to light because of dogged local reporting and information on social media by Egyptian citizens. The Egyptian Government was originally prepared not to mention it.    President Sisi has spoken about this incident and has vowed that the perpetrators will be brought to justice, but I must say that under Sisi, under former President Morsi, and under former President Mubarak there was a terrible and disturbing pattern of lack of follow-through for these attacks against Copts and other minorities in Egypt, lots of nice words but very little follow-through or accountability or the rule of law.    The problem is is that the justice system, the judiciary in Egypt today, in many cases seems incapable of rendering justice, and there is an increasingly intolerant environment in Egyptian society against those who are different, which might include Copts and others who are part of the fabric of Egyptian society.    I think that it is very important that all visiting Americans--U.S. officials, Members of Congress, and others--raise these issues with President Sisi because the Egyptian authorities often would like to sweep these problems under the rug and suggest there is no sectarian tension and there is no communal strife in Egypt, and that is simply not the case. So the first step is for us to raise these issues and then to remind Egypt of its national and international obligations.    Ms. Hawthorne. That is a crucial question and one that is difficult to answer in brief. I believe that at least through 2013 when President Morsi's government was toppled, there were members of the Muslim Brotherhood who were ready to work within and accept the democratic process while in my personal view still hewing to disturbing, illiberal, and intolerant views. But at least it was a first step that there were some members of the group who were willing to participate in elections and participate in a democratically elected government. However, once President Morsi was in power, we saw a lack of regard for human rights, norms, and many disturbing signs and tendencies toward repression.    However, if we look at actual acts and practices, we see that what has taken place under President Sisi, who professes to support democracy, is actually far more abusive and far more brutal and far more disparaging and violating of democratic norms than what took place under previous governments.    So I believe that there are many undemocratic actors in Egypt, not just many Islamists but also other Egyptians who are very enamored of a harsh, repressive security state. So the outcome on the ground is the same in my view, and it is very disturbing.    Ms. Hawthorne. Ms. Hawthorne. Ms. Hawthorne. No, they did not.    Ms. Hawthorne. I believe that in recent years it has been in the dozens.    Ms. Hawthorne. Yes, it has been----    Ms. Hawthorne . In the dozens.    Ms. Hawthorne. No, I think it was a significantly more than that.    Ms. Hawthorne. I will have to check on those but----    Ms. Hawthorne . I think it was----    Ms. Hawthorne . More than five, in the dozens.    Ms. Hawthorne. Well, first of all, Egypt has a much larger Coptic Christian population----    Ms. Hawthorne . Than many other countries.    Ms. Hawthorne. So the dynamics are----    Ms. Hawthorne. I think it is very troubling. I mean, a recent incident that sort of highlighted some of the dilemmas that are occurring in Sisi's Egypt today is that a group of Coptic Christian teenagers who filmed----    Ms. Hawthorne. In some respects there are positive signs. In other respects there are----    Ms. Hawthorne. I think it is a mixed picture.    Ms. Hawthorne. President Sisi has said some important things----    Ms. Hawthorne . But actions on the ground continue to be----    Ms. Hawthorne . Increasingly intolerant.