    Mr. Blinken. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much. It is pleasure to be here.    I want to thank you, Ranking Member Engel and the members of this committee for having us here today and to give us this opportunity to discuss our efforts to reach a comprehensive solution to the challenge posed by Iran's nuclear program.    As we speak and as you mentioned, Secretary of State Kerry, Secretary of Energy Moniz, Under Secretary of State Sherman are in Switzerland with our P5+1 partners negotiating with the Government of Iran over the future of its nuclear program.    Our goal for these negotiations is to verifiably ensure that Iran's program is exclusively for peaceful purposes. To that end, we seek to cut off the four pathways that Iran could take to obtain enough fissile material for a nuclear weapon.    There are two uranium pathways through its activities at the Natanz and Fordow enrichment facilities, a plutonium pathway through Iran's heavy water reactor at Arak, and a potential covert pathway.    To cut off all of these pathways, any comprehensive arrangement must include exceptional constraints on Iran's nuclear program and extraordinary monitoring and intrusive and transparency measures that maximize the international community's ability to detect any attempt by Iran to break out overtly or covertly    As a practical matter, we are working to ensure that Iran, should it renege on its commitments, would take at least 1 year to produce enough fissile material for one nuclear weapon.    That would provide us with more than enough time to detect and act on any Iranian transgression. In exchange, the international community would provide Iran with phased, proportionate and reversible sanctions relief tied to verifiable actions on its part. If Iran were to violate its commitments, sanctions would be quickly reimposed.    It is Iran's responsibility to convince the world by building a track record of verified compliance that its nuclear program is exclusively peaceful. That is why we are seeking a time frame for a comprehensive deal of sufficient length to firmly establish such a track record.    Only then would Iran be treated like any other non-nuclear weapons state party to the nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty with all the rights but also all the obligations of an NPT state, including continued monitoring and inspections and a verifiably binding commitment to not build a nuclear weapon.    The Bush administration first proposed this concept for Iran. Dozens of countries around the world responsibly adhere to the NPT. Much has been said recently about the fact that a deal with Iran would have an eventual end date.    In fact, some constraints would be removed after a significant period of time, others would remain in effect even longer and some would last indefinitely, including a stringent and intrusive monitoring and inspections regime.    Iran would have to fully implement the IAEA safeguards agreement and the additional protocol. Together, these give inspectors access to all declared nuclear facilities and to any suspected undeclared facilities.    So even after some core constraints are completed, far more intrusive inspections will be required of Iran than before this agreement.    Some have argued that Iran would be free to develop a nuclear weapon at the conclusion of the comprehensive joint plan of action if we achieve it. That is simply not true.    To the contrary, Iran would be prohibited from developing a nuclear weapon in perpetuity and we would have a much greater ability to detect any effort by Iran to do so. Iran would be allowed to have a peaceful civilian nuclear program, continuously verified by the IAEA.    Our goal is to reach an agreement on the major elements of the deal by the end of this month and to complete the technical details by the end of June. There has been a lot of reporting in the press about where we are. This is what I can tell you as of today.    In Switzerland, the negotiations have been substantive and intense. We have made some progress on some of the core issues. Significant gaps remain on some of the other issues between what we and our partners in the P5+1 believe must be part of the comprehensive deal and what Iran is willing to do.    While the negotiations are taking place, it is vital, in our judgment, that we avoid any actions that would lead the world to believe that the United States was responsible for their failure.    Such actions include enacting new sanctions legislation now. New sanctions at this time, including through so-called trigger legislation, are unnecessary. Iran knows very well that if it refuses a reasonable agreement or reneges on its commitments, new sanctions can and will be passed in a matter of days.    New sanctions now would be inconsistent with our commitments under the interim agreement. They would undermine our sanctions coalition. They would give Iran an excuse to walk away from the talks or take a hard line that makes an agreement impossible to achieve while blaming the failure on us.    In our judgment, we also must avoid actions that call into question the President's authority to make commitments that the United States will keep. Negotiating with a foreign nation is the President's responsibility.    If there is confusion on this basic point, no foreign government will trust that when a President purports to speak for our country, he actually does.    In this case, such confusion could embolden hardliners in Iran, divide us from our allies, poison the prospects for a deal and make it much more difficult to sustain international support for the existing sanctions, never mind new ones, if negotiations collapse.    That international support is critical to the success of the sanctions regime that Congress took such an important role in building. Up until now, we have kept other countries onboard despite the hardship it has caused some of them, in large part because they are convinced we are serious about reaching a diplomatic solution. If they lose that conviction, the United States, not Iran, could be isolated and the sanctions regime could collapse.    Congress has played and will continue to play a central leading role in these efforts. Congressional legislation gave us the tools to get Iran to the negotiating table and, as has been noted, only Congress has the authority to lift sanctions as part of any comprehensive solution.    Since signing the interim deal, we have been on the Hill dozens of times to update on the progress of the talks--in all, more than 200 briefings, meetings, hearings and phone calls.    If we reach an agreement we will welcome intense robust scrutiny. We also will expect that any critics explain not only why the deal is lacking but also what would be a better alternative and how it could be achieved.    Our nuclear discussions with Iran do not alter our commitment to the security of our allies in the region who are deeply affected by Iran's efforts to spread instability and support terrorism. That commitment will not change with or without a deal.    We will retain the necessary tools and the determination to continue countering Iran's troubling behavior. Indeed, the most important thing we can do to keep Iran from feeling further emboldened is to deny them a nuclear weapon and we will continue to support those in Iran demanding greater respect for the universal human rights and rule of law that they deserve and we will continue to insist that Iran release Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati and Jason Rezaian and help us find Robert Levinson.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, there is no agreement on the duration of various obligations. All of that is the subject of current negotiations. So whether some aspects are 10 years, more or less, that is all to be negotiated.    I think looking at this as a sunset is not the accurate way to look at what we are trying to achieve. What we are proposing and seeking to achieve is a series of constraints and obligations.    Some will end after a long period of time, others will continue longer than that and still others will be indefinite, in perpetuity. The bottom line is that even after certain obligations are completed by Iran, it cannot become a nuclear weapon state.    It will be legally bound under the nonproliferation treaty not to make or acquire a nuclear weapon. There will be legally binding safeguards on material to verify and deter its diversion. It will have to sign and implement a comprehensive safeguards agreement and the additional protocol.    Mr. Blinken. Mr. Chairman, we think that a 1-year breakout time not only is sufficient but, indeed, is quite conservative.    We believe that with the verification and inspections and monitoring that we will insist on in any agreement that would give us more than enough time not only to detect any abuse of the agreement but also to act on it.    If you look at what various experts have said, many have said that a far lesser period of time would be sufficient to detect and act on any violations.    Mr. Blinken. This is--let me also, just if I can just add to this very quickly, Mr. Chairman.    One year is very conservative. First of all, that is the most--if everything went perfectly for Iran. Second, the idea that any country, including Iran, would break out for one bomb's worth of material is highly unlikely. Like I said, we are----    Mr. Blinken. So without going into the details because all of this is this still subject to negotiation, we will insist that the IAEA have the access is must have in order to do its job and to verify.    Mr. Blinken. We are not pushing off either. I think, as you said and as Ranking Member Engel said, Congress will have to exercise its authority to lift sanctions at the end of an agreement if Iran complies and, indeed, keeping that until the end, until we see that Iran is complying, is the best way to sustain leverage.    Mr. Blinken. So the Security Council--this is an international agreement. It is an agreement that would be made with the other members of the Security Council, with Iran.    Under these circumstances, it would be normal for the Security Council to take note of any agreement and then to create a basis for lifting the U.N.-related sanctions.    Mr. Blinken. Yes, Congress will eventually have to decide whether to lift U.S. sanctions.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you very much, Ranking Member Engel.    First, let me just say we share your deep concerns about Iran's activities in the region--destabilizing activities, support for terrorism and, of course, its own abuse of human rights at home, which is why we will and we will continue to vigorously oppose those efforts.    And, indeed, throughout the interim agreement we have pushed back very hard on proliferation activities, WMD-related activities, terrorism support activities, sanctioning designating individuals, intercepting cargoes, et cetera, and working with our partners as we have been for more than 6 years to build up their capacity.    With regard to any money that Iran receives as a result of relief from sanctions, I would turn to my colleague to discuss this. But let me just say I think what we see is that Iran is in a very deep economic hole and a large part of the reason that Rouhani was elected as President was to respond to the desire of the people to try and get out of the hole.    So in one instance at least we believe that a significant portion of any revenues they receive would go to trying to plug their economic holes at home.    That said, you are exactly right. Money is fungible and presumably that would free up some resources for the IRGC. That said, we also believe that denying Iran a nuclear weapon is the single most significant thing we could do to prevent further emboldening Iran it its actions in the region.    Mr. Blinken. We will be going to the Security Council presumably, because this is an international agreement, implicating----    Mr. Blinken . All the members of the Security Council to take note of the deal and if there are any requirements----    Mr. Blinken. If there are any requirements of the Security Council pursuant to the deal----    Mr. Blinken . To make clear that it will make good----    Mr. Blinken . On its commitments just as Congress will have to vote and decide----    Mr. Blinken . On any lifting sanctions.    Mr. Blinken. No. The administration's support for Israel is absolutely unshakable. We have done more for Israel's security over the last 6 years----    Mr. Blinken . Than any administration has.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you. First, I should note that the IAEA has said repeatedly that Iran has complied with its obligations under the interim agreement.    Mr. Blinken. No. It has said that under the agreement Iran has complied. It has also said--you are correct--that outside of the agreement Iran, of course, is seeking to do whatever----    Mr. Blinken. No.    Mr. Blinken. No, no.    Mr. Blinken. No, no. I want to be clear, to answer your question, that the IAEA said that with regard to its obligations under the interim agreement, Iran has complied.    You are also absolutely correct that outside of the agreement, including the critical question of the possible military dimensions of Iran's program in the past or for that matter now, it has not complied with what the IAEA is seeking and, indeed, that will have to be part of any agreement.    And as to enforcement, it is very straightforward. As the Under Secretary said, as I said, in the event Iran were to renege on any commitment it made the sanctions would snap back in full force.    Mr. Blinken. That is why they are at the table.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you very much.    First, if Iran makes an agreement it will make it with the full knowledge that if it violates the agreement there will be severe consequences.    Mr. Blinken. The inspections regime that we will insist on, first of all, for any initial duration--let me finish, if I may, please--will be beyond that, that any country has had anytime, anywhere in the world.    That will--from cradle to grave of the production progress--mines, mills, factories, centrifuge facilities. That will create a basis of knowledge of the people, the places, the documents, that will last far beyond the duration of any of those provisions.    Then beyond that, its obligations under a safeguards agreement, under the additional protocol, under Modified Code 3.1. All of those taken together will, with any other measures that we might achieve on top of that and those remain to be negotiated, give us the confidence that the inspectors will have the ability to detect in a timely fashion any efforts by Iran to break out of the agreement.    Mr. Blinken. The blindfolds won't be on. They will be off.    Mr. Blinken. The issue is----    Mr. Blinken. I apologize. Thank you.    Like it or not, Iran has mastered the fuel cycle and we can't bomb that away, we can't sanction that away and, unfortunately, we probably can't negotiate that away.    So they have the----    Mr. Blinken. The fuel--their mastery of the fuel cycle. They have the knowledge of how to put together a weapon.    So the issue is whether the program that they have is so limited, so constrained, so inspected, so transparent, that as a practical matter they cannot develop material for a bomb, or if they did we would detect it and have time to do something about it.    Mr. Blinken. Yes. No, your point is very well taken, which is exactly why, as a my colleague said, even if there is an agreement, the various sanctions and stringent efforts we are making around the world to prevent Iran from proliferating or from receiving the benefits of proliferation will continue.    Mr. Blinken. Congressman, I think you are exactly right that the actions of the regime are the problem, whether it is destabilizing activities in the region, whether it is support for terrorist groups including Hezbollah and whether it is, indeed, their abusive human rights at home, which is exactly why across the board, whether it is standing up and supporting those who are trying get greater rights in Iran, whether it is working with our partners in the region to increase their defensive capacities, whether it is pushing back on proliferation and on support for terrorism through the actions we have taken, that is exactly why we are doing that and that is exactly why those actions will continue.    Mr. Blinken. I want to assure you they won't have the that right, period.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you. First, on your first point, Congressman, I have to say having been part of this, you know, there have been by our count, since the interim agreement was signed, more than 200 briefings, hearings meetings, phone calls with Members of Congress on the ramifications.    Mr. Blinken. You will understand that in--while negotiations are going on it is difficult sometimes to provide all of the details. It is something that is going back and forth on a virtually continuous basis. That said, I would be happy to talk to you further about this.    Mr. Blinken. Don't always believe what you read.    Mr. Blinken. Yes, absolutely. So, again, and I will also invite my colleague to do the same thing, just as with our own sanctions, with regard to U.N. sanctions, first of all, we would preserve sanctions related to the non-nuclear aspects of Iran's behavior.    Second, any U.N.-related sanctions also would be--have to be lifted in a way that shows, first, Iranian compliance with various obligations under the agreement.    So they too in some fashion would have to be sequenced depending on Iran's fulfilling its obligations. We want to see a demonstration that Iran is serious. But all of that, including the sequencing, is under negotiation.    But Adam, do you want to add to that?    Mr. Blinken. Thank you, Congressman.    You are exactly right. Iran has repeatedly violated various obligations, which is exactly why it is in the position that it is in now--that is, facing the isolation and the sanction of the entire world and exactly why it is at the table now trying to negotiate an agreement.    Those violations are what led to our ability to impose the most severe sanctions on Iran of any country in history and convinced other countries to come along.    Mr. Blinken. Congressman, in my judgment, no administration has done more for Israel's security than this administration. If you look at the measures we have taken, the steps we have taken to provide for Israel's security over the past 6 years, they are exceptionally extraordinary and, indeed, Prime Minister Netanyahu has called them such, and that will--that will endure.    Mr. Blinken. No, that is not what I said.    Mr. Blinken. I said for Israel's security.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you, Congressman.    Well, of course, if there is no deal Iran could rush to a nuclear capacity and a nuclear weapon tomorrow, which I imagine is exactly what would spark an arms race.    So, indeed, the best way to prevent countries from feeling the necessity to do that is to prevent Iran from getting a weapon. The model that is being set by this agreement, if there is an agreement, is hardly one that other countries would want to follow if they decided that they needed to acquire the capacity to build a nuclear weapon because the Iranian model is a decade or more of isolation and sanctions and, indeed, anything that emerges from this agreement will require such intrusive inspections, access and monitoring I doubt any country would want to follow that model.    The answer is exactly what we have been doing, which is to do everything we can to prevent Iran from getting a weapon so other countries don't feel the need to do it and to build up their capacity to defend themselves.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you. They are very different cases.    The North Korean program was far more advanced. First of all, when the Clinton administration was in office, Iran, we believe, had the material for nuclear weapons and there is some analysis that suggests that it already had nuclear weapons before the agreed framework was signed. By the time President Obama came in, of course, North Korea had nuclear weapons.    Iran has neither. It is not--doesn't have the weapons, doesn't have the material for the weapons. It hasn't tested and, of course, North Korea, as you know, has also tested. So they are in far different situations.    The inspections regime that existed at various points for North Korea was far, far less than what Iran faces right now under the interim agreement and certainly far less than it would face under any comprehensive agreement.    Mr. Blinken. And we have also taken lessons. I want to assure you we have taken lessons from that----    Mr. Blinken. Thank you.    Can I just start by saying, first of all, we strongly, strongly agree with your statement about the American citizens who are unjustly imprisoned in Iran.    I want to assure you this is something that we are working on virtually every day. The only issue that comes up regularly within the context of the nuclear discussions, apart from those discussions, is the--is our American citizens. We are working on it very, very vigorously. We want to bring them home and we very much share your commitment to do that.    Mr. Blinken. With regard to whether the agreement will be made public, certainly, the core elements will. I don't know at this stage because we don't know exactly what form any agreement would take, whether certain pieces would be--would remain made classified and be subject to classified review, what parts would be public. I can't tell you at this stage because we don't know the exact----    Mr. Blinken. I think we saw with the interim agreement that we reached that it was made public and Congress had full access to it.    Mr. Blinken. Whether it is the most active, it certainly for sure in the very top percentile.    Mr. Blinken. No.    Mr. Blinken. All of that is subject to the negotiations. That remains to be determined. I think you are right to point in general to the centrifuges. Obviously, that is a key component. But it also important to understand it is not the only component.    Mr. Blinken. Again, I just want to try to make it clear that this is, if it happens, an international agreement that has other parties to the agreement. That is done through the Security Council.    The Security Council would take note of any agreement and it would make clear that it is prepared, once Iran demonstrates that it is meeting its commitments, which would be at some point in the future because there would be a series of commitments under the deal, at that point to suspend or lift any international sanctions.    Our own sanctions, again, would be under our own discretion and ultimately Congress has to pass judgment on that.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you, Congressman.    I think the issue is what is the best form of an agreement in order for us to have the flexibility that we need to make sure that Iran is living up to its obligations and to be able to reimpose sanctions quickly if it is not. We--what we are seeking is--and the issue here is really whether this is a legally binding agreement or not.    If it is a legally binding agreement, it would be subject to the rules of international law on how you get into an agreement and how you get out of it, which can be quite burdensome.    So having a nonbinding agreement allows us to have the flexibility we need if necessary to snap back sanctions immediately, not wait for international partners to agree or not agree.    With regard to whether it is a treaty or not and so subject to the advice and consent of the United States Senate, as you know, the vast bulk of international agreements that we have made under Democratic administrations and Republican administrations in the nonproliferation area and the foreign policy area more generally in fact are not treaties and are not subject to the advice and consent of the Senate.    And I can go through the list under the nonproliferation area. We have everything from the missile technology control regime, which has been very successful in creating voluntary export licensing around the world, the nuclear security guidelines----    Mr. Blinken. Yes. The missile program is absolutely a concern which is, again, why we have been working very vigorously around the world to deny, where we can, Iran the technology for that program and to push back against proliferation.    In that effort, whether there is an agreement or not, we will persist in those sanctions and the various measures we are taking will continue regardless of whether there is an agreement.    The scope of this agreement, if there is one, is the nuclear program. That is what our partners have agreed to. That is what is being negotiated. It is not a missile agreement.    Now, there are aspects of it that come into this that are critical in terms of Iran's capacity to make, potentially, a nuclear weapon to a missile and, indeed, we are focused on that because that does fall within the confines of what we are----    Mr. Blinken. Exactly. Exactly.    Mr. Blinken. Sir, you are exactly right. It is not a question of good faith.    It is a question--and by the way, whether it is President Rouhani or the foreign minister or any others, it is not that we think these are good guys who like the United States.    It is that there are some people who are somewhat more pragmatic about what Iran needs to do for its own interest in the future and they believe that negotiating an agreement and getting some relief from the pressure that they have been under is what makes the most sense for their country, again, not because they like us or have good intentions.    The other thing I would say that I think is important is that there are abhorrent statements made on a regular basis by Iran's leaders on all sorts of issues. In some instances, though, some of these statements are made for domestic political purposes.    We sometimes have a tendency to see Iran as the only country on Earth that doesn't have politics. In fact, it has very intense politics and there is a lot of politics going on right now between those in Iran who would want an agreement, again, because they believe it is in the interest of the country, and those who don't want one, and some of the statements you are seeing, as objectionable and as abhorrent as they may be, some of those designed for political consumption at home to push back against those who do not want an agreement. Thank you.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you very much, Congressman.    Yes, I think you make a very important point and, indeed, I am well aware of the report by the Defense Science Board. We are factoring in the report's recommendations as we work on and think about any agreement with Iran.    I think it underscores the absolute necessity of having the most intrusive significant monitoring access transparency regime anywhere, anytime, anyplace in the world, and in terms of what happens in perpetuity it underscores the absolute necessity of having at the very least the combination of the additional protocol, Modified Code 3.1, and a safeguards agreement.    Those things taken together, the storehouse of knowledge that will be built up by the exceptional transparency measures, we believe that all of those things taken together will give us the ability to detect any efforts by Iran to break out or to sneak out.    But I think the report underscores the absolute essential nature of those components of any agreement.    Mr. Blinken. Well, I think it depends very much on how an agreement is not reached. That is to say, if it is clear at the end of this process that Iran is simply not able and will not make a reasonable agreement, then, clearly, that calls not only for sustaining the existing pressure but adding to it in an effort to get them to rethink that very unfortunate position and, indeed, to bear down on all fronts in its efforts to acquire technology for a nuclear program and the resources for a nuclear program. So that is where we would want to go.    Now, if on the other hand, we are at the end of March very close, having gotten agreement on many of the key elements but not all of them, and because nothing is agreed until everything is agreed we can't put the whole thing together, then I can see a circumstance where it might be useful to take the time that we still have until June under the nature of the interim agreement that we signed. So we have to see exactly where we are.    The third possibility, of course, is that for whatever reason we are perceived as having been responsible for the failure to reach an agreement or at least there is enough mud in the waters to create that impression, that--were that to happen, which absolutely cannot and must not happen, that would make it more challenging, not only to add new sanctions and add more pressure but just to sustain the pressure that we have because it is very important to keep remembering that this is not just about us.    The power, the efficacy of the sanctions that Congress has produced and that we have been implementing is exponentially magnified by the participation of other countries around the world. If that goes away a lot of the power of the sanctions will.    Mr. Blinken. Congressman, it would be--it would be phased. That is, we would insist on Iran demonstrating compliance and then certain sanctions might be at that point suspended, not ended. And after still more compliance, at some point sanctions would actually be ended, assuming Congress agreed to end them.    Similarly, on the international front with the U.N., we would be looking at demonstrated compliance by Iran and then suspension and then ending. And then if Iran didn't do what it was supposed to do or if it cheated or reneged, we would have snap back provisions both here and internationally.    Mr. Blinken. Yes.    Mr. Blinken. Yes.    Mr. Blinken. That is correct.    Mr. Blinken. That is correct.    Mr. Blinken. That is correct.    Mr. Blinken. What we are trying to do apart from this agreement----    Mr. Blinken. The contours of this agreement go to the nuclear program and to the United Nations Security Council resolutions regarding that program. That is what needs to be satisfied. Those are the terms of the negotiations that our partners sign on to.    Mr. Blinken. Separate and apart from that, though, we are working very hard to prevent Iran from getting the technology.    Mr. Blinken. I am sure that is true, yes.    Mr. Blinken. Well, that is why they need--that is why they need to develop it and they need to get technology from other countries with knowledge----    Mr. Blinken. They are trying to do so, yes. That is correct.    Mr. Blinken. We are, but just not part of this----    Mr. Blinken. Sorry, Congressman.    Mr. Blinken. Yes, it sigificantly increases the likelihood, which is why we are trying to prevent them from getting one.    Mr. Blinken. Hezbollah is a foreign terrorist organization. It remains designated. It remains a focus of our activities.    Mr. Blinken. What I can tell you is, led by the intelligence agencies, we are pushing back every single day on Hezbollah's activities----    Mr. Blinken. Let me go back and look at the report.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you very much, and I think that you raise very important questions.    First, with regard to the break-out time, this is something we can, I think, best deal with in a classified setting. But what I can tell you broadly is this, that currently the break-out time is a matter of a few months, if everything went just right.    But, of course, we would--even under the interim agreement, we would see that immediately. But that is--that is where we are. So if there was no deal, that is where they would be.    But, presumably, under various scenarios they would then seek to speed to increase the number of centrifuges, and increase the other capacity, move forward on Fordow, move forward on Iraq. And as a result of all of that over some period of period of time the break-out time would drop, presumably, even further.    What are the alternatives? Well, I think that is a critical question because at the end of the day any agreement that is reached has to be evaluated, first of all, under the terms of the agreement. That is the most important thing. People will have to decide whether the agreement holds up, makes sense and advances our security.    But I think it is also going to be very important for those who would oppose the agreement, if there is one, to say what the alternative would be and how it would be achievable. Those are critical questions because we are not operating in a vacuum and in an abstraction.    So a lot, again, as I suggested earlier, depends on why there would be no deal. That is, if it was clear that Iran simply was not going to make an agreement and the international community recognized that, I think we would be in a position not only to sustain the sanctions that we have now but to increase the pressure and increase the sanctions.    Now, however, if for whatever reason that didn't happen, if Iran started speeding to a weapons capacity and to a bomb, then a military option has always been on the table. It would remain on the table. If military action were taken, it could certainly set back Iran's program for some period of time.    But, again, it is important to understand that because Iran has the knowledge and that we can't bomb that away, we can't sanction it away, that at some point they would resume their activities.    They would probably go underground. We would lose the benefit probably of the international sanctions regime and pressure and Iran would be in a better position than it is today and, certainly, than it would be under an agreement.    Mr. Blinken. Well, I think, first of all, if Iran were in a position where it was rushing to a nuclear weapon, many of the concerns that have been raised by other members of the committee in terms of what other countries in the region would do would be front and center.    That is, it would be, I think, very tempting for other countries to feel that they needed to pursue a nuclear weapon to protect themselves. That is exactly one of the reasons we are trying to prevent Iran from getting a weapon. We do not want to see an arms race in the region.    In terms of Israel, it faces an existential threat from Iran and, indeed, one of the reasons we are trying to prevent Iran from getting a weapon is in defense of our close ally and partner, Israel.    Mr. Blinken. Oh, I would--I would expect that Iran unshackled with a weapon or speeding toward one, would feel further emboldened to take actions in the region, including against Israel.    Mr. Blinken. Yes.    Mr. Blinken. I think they are trying in various parts of the world including in our own hemisphere to position themselves and to take advantage of any openings that they have.    Mr. Blinken. I am yes.    Mr. Blinken. Yes.    Mr. Blinken. Yes.    Mr. Blinken. Nothing.    Mr. Blinken. So we are negotiating in order to deny them a nuclear weapon which would further embolden those activities. And at the same time, we are making it very clear that whether or not there is an agreement we will continue to be taking action against its efforts to do all of the things you just cited.    Mr. Blinken. Because of the penalties that they would have to pay. The reason that they are at the table now is because they violated----    Mr. Blinken. I don't think----    Mr. Blinken. Oh, I think the issue is not whether it is legally binding. The issue is whether it is very clear, and it will be, that if they violate the agreement there will be serious consequences.    It doesn't matter if that is legally binding or not. The sanctions will come back into full force and there will be more sanctions.    Mr. Blinken. But, again, with regard to Iran the very reason they are at the table is because they spent years and years and years violating their obligations. Thanks to Congress, thanks to the administration, thanks to our international partners, we exerted significant pressure on them and now, faced with that pressure, they are seeking to make an agreement.    Mr. Blinken. No, I don't there is a difference, sir. I think the Secretary is exactly right. First of all, in our judgment, at least, we have consulted extensively throughout the duration of these negotiations--as I cited earlier, more than 200 hearings, meetings, calls, briefings.    If there is an agreement, obviously, we will go through that in great detail in Congress in open sessions and closed sessions, in meetings, in calls. And as we have been clear all along, the agreement at some point will call--will require the lifting of sanctions and only Congress can decide whether to do that or not.    So Congress will have a vote and, indeed, keeping that Sword of Damocles hanging over the heads of the Iranians--that is, the knowledge that the sanctions have been suspended but not ended and that Congress has the authority to end them--we think will be leverage to make sure that they make good on their commitments.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you. I would agree. As we discussed earlier, that Iran has knowledge of the fuel cycle. They know how to make a bomb if they choose to do it and we can't bomb that away. We can delay it. We can't eliminate it. It is knowledge.    Mr. Blinken. Because Congress imposed and legislated the sanctions on Iran, if those sanctions are ever to be lifted Congress must be the one to do it. Congress has the--only Congress has the authority to do that.    Mr. Blinken. Absolutely.    Mr. Blinken. No, Congressman, that is not our position. This would not be a treaty that would be subject to the advice and consent of the Senate.    This would be an agreement that, obviously, as I said before, for its terms to be implemented, assuming that sanctions are to be lifted, Congress would have to play that role and it could decide whether or not to do that.    And you are absolutely right that just as we have sought to consult fully throughout this process in hearings and briefings and meetings and phone calls, you are absolutely right that if there is an agreement in the coming weeks that we would consult intensely with Congress on that agreement. Every aspect of that agreement would be----    Mr. Blinken. That is correct.    Mr. Blinken. So two things. Thank you, Congressman. First, with regard to whether it is legally binding or not, if this is really a question of international law, first and foremost, if you make a legally binding agreement then it is subject to various provisions of international law which actually make it more difficult to do things we may have to do if Iran violates the agreement.    There are all sorts of treaty law formalities that we would have to go through if we said Iran is violating the agreement.    We would have to present a legally defensible reason to cease our implementation of our commitments under the agreement. We might get into a debate with our international partners if they did not agree. I am making----    Mr. Blinken. Thank you, Congressman.    Could I just mention--you know, again, I just want to be clear. We will have to go, if there is an agreement, to both. That is, there are sanctions that are pursuant to the United Nations Security Council that have been implemented by the Council so the Council will have the authority and will have to decide whether to lift them or not, suspend them or not.    Similarly, our own sanctions have been imposed and legislated by Congress. Only Congress can decide whether to end them. And, as you know, the vast majority of the international agreements that we strike around the world, a key tool of our foreign policy and national security policy, are nonbinding.    Mr. Blinken. It is--I think the answer is yes. I am searching my mind to think of anything that could rise to a higher level of complexity. You know, arguably, the new START agreement was complicated. But I would I have to say this probably tops the list.    Mr. Blinken. That is correct.    Mr. Blinken. That is correct.    Mr. Blinken. So they have a stockpile of low enriched uranium at about 3.5 percent that is, I recall, is about 7,000 kilos. Is that correct?    Mr. Blinken. So you will understand I can't get into the details. This is all subject to negotiations. But one of the elements, and you are right to point to it, that would be important in figuring out their break-out time is the available stockpile of material that they have to work with.    So centrifuges--the number of the centrifuges is one component. The configuration of the centrifuges is another. The stockpile is a third. And depending on how you put those elements together you limit their break-out time.    But I can't tell you what the limitation might be under an agreement because that is all subject to the negotiation.    Mr. Blinken. Well, look, obviously, we are highly skeptical of that argument. The fact of the matter is that they, clearly, had the military aspirations for their program at least through 2003.    That is, certainly, the assessment that our intelligence community made at the time. And, of course, so many aspects of this program strongly suggest that they are seeking or have been seeking a nuclear weapons capacity.    That said, their argument, for what it is worth, is that they do want to build a nuclear power program for the country. They, obviously, have vast oil resources so why they would need it is a very good question.    They say that they want to devote oil to exports. They want to have the nuclear program for domestic energy production. They talk about a post-carbon future, which other countries talk about.    But all of that said, their activities, of course, suggest the opposite and if that is really what they were focused on, they could presumably, you know, buy nuclear fuel abroad instead of produce it.    Mr. Blinken. It is very de minimis but I will get you the exact number. But what they--what they purport to be looking at is a much more significant piece of their domestic energy program being provided by nuclear.    That is the argument they make for why they would need a significant enrichment capacity in the future and, again, we are certainly skeptical of that, especially given their oil resources.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you very much, Congressman.    I would say, first of all, as in many things and most things President Eisenhower was very wise----    Mr. Blinken . And so I think apply very appropriately to what we are looking at now, and it is precisely because of Iran's efforts to cheat and to dodge its responsibilities and dodge its commitments and proceed with a program that the world has called them out and the world has exerted extraordinary pressure on them and that is why they are at the table.    And the only reason that they are there is in order to relieve some of that pressure and the fact that that pressure could be reimposed is the strong incentive they would have to make good on the agreement.    And I would note again that under the interim agreement--under the terms of the agreement they have made good on those commitments for its duration. Going forward, we have to have, and we will have for there to be any agreement, the most exceptional intrusive monitoring, access and inspection regime than any country has ever seen.    That is the only thing that can give us confidence that we are not trusting Iran's word. We are looking at its actions and we will find out if it is violating its commitments.    That is what this is about. At the end of the day, again, we have to deal with--and by the way, I should say we don't accept the proposition that they would get a nuclear weapon. The entire effort that we are making is to make sure that they don't.    If there is no agreement, then there is a good chance that they will rush to a weapon or, certainly, rush to have the capacity to make one.    Mr. Blinken. I think what they were--I would have to go back, Congressman, and see what--exactly what they said. I think what they were talking about was what is their capacity, where are they in terms of the capacity of producing a weapon should they choose to do it.    I believe that is what they are talking about and what would the time line be. We are pushing that back. We are making sure that if they did decide to do that we would see it and we would be able to do something about it. That is what this is about.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you.    Mr. Blinken. Mr. Chairman, just on that point----    Mr. Blinken . My understanding is that there is no draft--that that report is erroneous and, indeed, our spokesperson clarified that.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.