    Mr. Alles. Good afternoon, Chairwoman McSally and Ranking Member Vela and Members of the committee. It is an honor to appear before you today to discuss the critical role of technology, and specifically CPB's Air and Marine assets in securing our Nation's borders. CBP's Air and Marine Operations, or AMOs as we call ourselves is a critical component of the CBP's layered border security strategy. AMO's 1,272 law enforcement agents operate 243 aircraft and 360 vessels, and has sophisticated domain awareness network across the United States, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. AMO's critical aerial and maritime missions fall under 4 core competencies: Domain awareness, investigation, interdiction, and contingency operations and National taskings. AMO is a vital contributor to the security of our borders interdicting illicit traffic in the air, on the land, and the littoral waters of the United States through the coordinated use of integrated Air and Marine forces.    All our highly-specialized law enforcement agents provide unique expertise and capability domains in which we operate. Since the consolidation of Air and Marine assets within AMO 11 years ago, we have transformed from a force composed primarily of light observation aircraft into a modern air and maritime fleet equipped with sophisticated surveillance sensors and communication systems. We are working to increase the connectivity and networking among all our Air and Marine assets. AMO is continuing the efforts to reduce the number of our aircraft types and position our assets for highest utilization, which will increase both efficiency and effectiveness of our operations.    I would like to take this opportunity to highlight a few of our key assets and describe how this technology furthers CBP's capability to detect, identify, monitor, and appropriately respond to threats in our Nation's borders.    First, our multi-role enforcement aircraft are highly capable and equipped with sophisticated technology systems that enable it to be effective over both land and water. These aircraft are replacing several older single-mission assets and enhance CBP's interdiction and investigative capabilities.    Second, beyond our borders in the source and transit zone, CBP's P-3 long-range aircraft has been instrumental in countering narcotic operations, transnational criminal organizations, and vessels thousands of miles from the homeland. I might mention, they have just completed a rewinging of 14 aircraft, a $410 million program which came in under cost and ahead of schedule.    Third, in the maritime environment working in conjunction with the aviation assets, our new coastal interceptor vessels are physically designed and engineered with the speed maneuverability, integrity, and endurance to intercept and engage in a variety of suspect noncompliant vessels in offshore waters as well as the Great Lakes and on the Northern Border.    Finally, a vital component of our doing awareness is the Intermarine Operations Center. IMOC leverages advanced surveillance systems, integrates information from Federal, State, local, international, law enforcement, and intelligence sources to detect, identify, track, and direct the interdiction of suspect criminal use of noncommercial air and maritime conveyances approaching, crossing, or operating inside the United States--operating inside the borders of United States and Puerto Rico.    We work closely with our operation and acquisition colleagues at CBP, including the DHS Science and Technology Directorate to identify and develop surveillance and detection technology. AMO is also working with Domestic Nuclear Detection Office at DHS to develop and test radiological and nuclear detection threats beyond--threats aboard our small vessels.    Chairwoman McSally, and Ranking Member Vela, and distinguished Members of the committee, thank you for this opportunity to discuss AMO's technology assets, capabilities, and efforts in securing our borders. I look forward to your questions in a few moments. Thank you.    Mr. Alles. So for Corpus Christi, sir, that actually, for the predator overall, weather is a challenge for the system.    Generally, it runs about a 20 percent higher cancellation rate than our manned aircraft for weather. So one of the efforts we are making currently, system-wide, is we are working with General Thomas on our automatic take-off and landing system which will improve the cross limitation of the aircraft. That is one. Then, second, we are looking at working out of divert fields, for instance, we used San Angelo this last year that are better winter weather operating locations. We have also deployed the asset to the transit zone during the wintertime. We get more effective operation out of the platform. We have two platforms right now in Columbia and Barranquilla operating. So that is how we look at the challenges there in Corpus Christi. We get efficiencies out of the site. It is a P-3 site also, so the P-3 pilots not only fly the P-3, but they fly the predator UAS at the same time. That is a great efficiency force in terms of operations, and if we split those sites up, we lose that efficiency. So that is how we tackled it so far, sir.    Mr. Alles. Generally, it is ceilings. In the wintertime I went through flight school actually in Kingsville, and I remember on many days sitting there playing AC/DC in the waiting room while the fog and whatever it was hung over. So getting out of that kind of coastal interference zone, I think is advantageous. San Angelo has been a good location.    Our challenge, honestly, has been the FAA there. We have worked through those issues with them. They are very adverse to us operating out of civilian airfields. That is the first time an unmanned aircraft has operated out of a civilian airfield. That has worked well.    Mr. Alles. I was just going to mention one. We are going to do a near-term program with Border Patrol soon. But that is really to develop a COA in a particular area and apply the technology and see how it works before we move forward to any kind of procurement. So that would be step 1 in the process.    Just to note, the main problem here is the FAA still. So we can probably work out a COA and carve out a piece of airspace to work these smaller platforms in, but there are still no rules issued to actually operate these things, big picture, across the board. That still is coming and needs to be taken care of.    Mr. Alles. I will just mention the numbers. The high was in fiscal year 2010, 235. So far this year, 19.    Mr. Alles. There are other methods of crossing the border to move the drugs, ma'am.    Mr. Alles. So what we are looking at as an S&T effort is a lighter VADER-type system to put on our smaller aircraft, not necessarily the VADER operating on the UAS now. So that has been kind of the current direction we are looking at. We are looking at that, you know, through different, you know, technological venues.    So nothing substantial yet on that. We are really exploring the options at this point.    Mr. Alles. So I think, to answer that, until we get full use out of the Predator in the airspace, I would actually not want to move in that direction. So, in my mind, the Predator actually fills the high and medium gap. What Chief Vitiello wants to do on the small side, which I think is a good effort, will fill the low-altitude gap.    But the real issue is I can get a Scan Eagle or something like that, I can't operate it in the airspace. The FAA won't let me.    Mr. Alles. So the rules still prevent that. Until we can move beyond those and really get open use of the airspace with the Predator, that is going to be the limitation.    We are moving in that direction with the due-regard radar. We have a single Predator now equipped with that. We are going to test that and see if that is going to help open up the envelope with the FAA.    Mr. Alles. I think on the Air and Marine side we are in the early stages of it. We would expect our really first substantial output to be about a year away. So they are currently early in the process, as discussed. As the chief mentioned, it is an iterative process, but we would expect a more substantial output here really next summer.    Mr. Alles. Yes, ma'am. A couple things there.    So, first off, we are pursuing the Minotaur system. This is a Naval Air Systems Command system that is used on their patrol aircraft to distribute information. So that is essential for us to take information off our platforms--radar information, the EOIR, signals information--and actually put it into a system that can redistribute it to other assets that have Minotaur. It goes back to the AMOC in Riverside and can be sent back out.    In terms of local agents, part of that is what Chief mentioned in terms of looking down the Blue Force Tracker route. We can already send video. We can distribute what is called a carry viewer to agents on the ground so they can actually see video if that is desired. Typically, we are using, you know, actually, radio information to cue the agents.    There is a system we are looking at, which the name eludes me, which will allow us to put that information on something like an Android phone or an iPhone, which can actually form its own local network, which could be advantageous for us in terms of sending video from aircraft down to actual agents on the ground.    So those are the directions we are going. I would say there is a lot of work to be done there.    I think on the, kind-of, investigation side, supporting his or those, we are able to move the video very easily in those areas and give it to agents on the ground. In the more remote areas, that is still an area that we need substantial work in.    Mr. Alles. So, I mean, from our standpoint, a couple things. First off, in the areas where we were using the National Guard hours, we have made a substantial move of our assets into those locations. So, in the south Texas area in particular, we have increased our assets by over 50 percent, along with our flight hours have gone up proportionally also.    In actually doing the CGAP analysis, we are not necessarily counting on their support. As you are aware from the Armed Services side, they have had substantial cuts in the DOD budget. I mean, I have been reading the articles on the Marine Corps and getting 30- or 40-percent readiness rates on their aircraft. So they have major challenges there.    So we aren't necessarily looking for that in the analysis. We are looking to support the Border Patrol and our other operations with our own internal assets and analyze the gaps in that method.    Mr. Alles. I would just like to thank the committee generally for the, you know, support they give to the agency in terms of us performing our mission. You know, not only the oversight part of it, but also the interest of the committee Members--multiple trips and, you know, looking at the stuff that we are working on.    I could list a list of things that we want. We can provide that off-line. But just appreciate the participation of the committee.