    Ms. Meadows. Good afternoon. I have been a realtor in North Central Florida for 33 years. I serve in a volunteer position as the 2016 Vice President of the National Association of Realtors, and represent its more than one million members working in all aspects of real estate.    The National Association of Realtors is a strong supporter of housing opportunities for veterans. According to the U.S. Census, there were 19.3 million veterans in the United States in 2014 and 2015, and one in five home buyers was a veteran or active duty servicemember according to our NAR survey.    In 2015, the homeownership rate was 76 percent for veterans, more than 12 points above the national average. The Department of Veterans Affairs Home Loan Guaranty Program serves a large population and has been doing it well for over 70 years, including in the aftermath of the recent recession. VA's strong, yet flexible underwriting allows veterans the ability to purchase a home of their own without depleting their savings. More than 82 percent of veterans utilize the zero downpayment option provided by the VA.    Despite this VA delinquency, rates are very low, comparable even to today's tight conventional lending. Despite all the talk about the skin in the game, loans with appropriate underwriting, especially VA's use of the residual income test, and zero downpayment can successfully balance risk, and provide sustainable homeownership.    A realtor in Atlanta once told me the story of a veteran who lost his job, and as a result his home, during the Great Recession. When he found a new job, he moved with his family to Atlanta. He worked to rebuild his credit and was able to use his VA guaranty to buy a home for his family just two years after being out of work and down on his luck. This would have been impossible without the VA.    VA also protects their borrowers. Extensive counseling, and active negotiating helps veterans who run into financial difficulty. Since 2009, the VA has prevented more than half a million veterans and their survivors from losing their homes, while saving our taxpayers more than $16 billion in claims payments.    NAR also supports grant programs that allow disabled veterans to own a home that accommodates their needs. VA provides two types of grants to servicemembers and veterans with service-connected disabilities to help purchase or construct an adapted home or modify an existing home to accommodate a disability. These grants provide a significant benefit that allows our disabled veterans to retain their independence.    We support the comments by the two veterans service organizations urging that staffing and financial levels are sufficient to operate the program efficiently.    In recent years, this Committee has made tweaks to the home loan program to make it even more useful for veterans. The National Association of Realtors is here today to offer several other changes that could further enhance the program. Number one, consider higher cost loan limits. The VA Home Loan Guaranty Program is unique. It is not simply a Federal loan program, it is an entitlement promised to our military members in return for their service to our Nation. Veterans should be able to purchase a home wherever they choose to live and should not be prevented from using their entitlement due to the low loan limits. We urge this Committee to increase the VA loan limits and not penalize veterans for geographic differences in the housing market.    Number two, VA fee requirements. NAR believes that VA borrowers should be allowed to negotiate fees with sellers, just as non-VA buyers do, as part of the home purchase transaction. A realtor in Ohio recalled a client who wanted to use his VA benefit to purchase his first home. His lender tried to discourage him from using the VA, saying it was too time consuming and complicated. Moreover, he lost offers on the first several homes he bid on because the seller did not want to deal with the VA requirements. While the veteran was able to buy the home, he ended up using FHA and paying 3.5 percent downpayment to get the home he wanted. We urge VA to create a level playing field and provide veterans with the flexibility to negotiate all fees so they are not disadvantaged when trying to buy a home.    Number three, incentivize a program for renovation and rehabilitation. NAR urges the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to incentivize lenders to use existing authority to offer a veterans renovation pilot program, similar to the FHA's 203(k) Program. The 203(k) Program provides a loan for post-renovation appraised value. It is a safe and viable way for veterans to purchase a home that is in need of renovation while still using their guaranty.    The National Association of Realtors strongly supports the VA Home Loan Guaranty Program and the Specially Adaptive Housing Grants. It is our hope that the Subcommittee will support our recommendations for enhancing and improving the VA Home Loan Guaranty Program, so it may be a real benefit to those who bravely served our country.    I would also like to thank the Members of this Subcommittee. Each of you have served your communities and our Nation's veterans very well in areas such as protecting private property rights, advocates for affordable housing, the disabled, domestic violence victims, and those that are less fortunate than us. It has been an honor and I thank you for the opportunity just to be here today.    Ms. Meadows. Thank you, Acting Chairman. The FHA 203(k) program, we want VA to be a very similar program to that. The 203(k) program is a rehabilitation and renovation loan. An FHA buyer can purchase a home that they plan to renovate. The costs of that renovation are included in the loan amount. Working with a specially designed plan and a trained appraiser, the value of the completed renovations is included in the loan and put in escrow. The work is done by an approved contractor and the renovation part of the loan is paid out as the work is completed. VA has the authority for a similar program, but has not promoted it with lenders. We believe some kind of incentive program for lenders, whereby they get an enhanced fee due to the extra work required, would make this type of program available to veterans.    Ms. Meadows. We have, as I said in my opening statement, thank you for the opportunity to answer this question. We have 1.1 million realtors across the United States and Territories. The realtors have worked very hard to promote VA loans. I have with me a VA Toolkit, Home Loan Guaranty Services, that each of our realtors has the opportunity to obtain. So I believe by us continuing to educate our members and realtors working within the community and with the lenders in those areas, that we would be able to promote this product. Thank you.    Ms. Meadows. So there is a misconception among lenders as well as realtors and they discourage veterans from using the VA benefit because of that. You mentioned homelessness, and when I was the 2014 President of Florida Realtors, we as a leadership team traveled around the state to our 140,000 members to raise awareness on homelessness, to bring a face to the invisible homeless, and I believe we helped eliminate homelessness in many communities. Of the 500,000 homeless in the United States, eight percent of them are veterans. We have 40,000 homeless veterans. So that is an issue that NAR is looking at. It is one of our objectives this year, to try to decrease homelessness, and especially among our vets.    I was just speaking with a few of my colleagues earlier, and in my office what I have learned in working with the VA loans is that it's just a misperception. And I taught 20 of my agents yesterday that the first question that we should ask as a realtor when we have a buyer approach us is number one, have you served? Have you served in the military? Because if they have, we want to thank them for their service, but number two, we need to tell them about the VA Guaranty Funding Program. The toolkit explains a lot of things. And I believe that realtors, we just need to educate them and we can overcome this misconception of the VA process being difficult.    As well as I believe if we, you know, are able to negotiate the closing fees in the transaction and we raise those limits, because those individuals want to live in areas where their family is from. And I wrote some numbers down earlier. You were asking earlier the prices around the United States. And the average price around the United States is $222,700. But when you move into areas like San Jose, California, it's $940,000. Areas like San Francisco, it's $781,600. So the higher loan limits, or removing the cap are absolutely necessary. Thank you for your question.    Ms. Meadows. That the VA process is clunky. That appraisers come in with low appraisals. That there are repairs that need to be made to the property in protecting the vet. And when you have an investor come in with cash, and you have somebody with a VA loan, the seller tends to believe in the misconceptions of this being a clunky process, and they are going to take the cash deal over somebody having to go get VA financing because those fees that the seller has to pay in the closing, play a part in what their net proceeds will be in the transaction.    Ms. Meadows. I think being able to negotiate those fees, you have the termite inspection fee, the escrow closing fee, the tax service fee, the document recording fee, attorneys fees, brokerage fees, postage and delivery charges, these are fees that a veteran cannot pay. So if they were able to negotiate that into the contract, I believe that you would see a more level playing field for the veteran.    Ms. Meadows. Thank you.