    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you holding this very important hearing.    And, Mr. Grim, I appreciate you being here. I just wanted to ask you first if it is lonely down there all by yourself?    Mr. Grim. I have some folks behind me. It makes me feel a little less lonely.    Mr. Stivers. Okay. I am glad you brought a few friends.    I want to talk about an issue I don't think anybody has talked about. Has anybody talked to you about the potential coming liquidity crisis?    Mr. Grim. We have touched a bit on the SEC's liquidity proposal.    Mr. Stivers. Great.    Mr. Grim. Not more generally.    Mr. Stivers. So it appears to me that there are multiple forces, business simplification among many of the people you regulate, compliance with the Volcker Rule, and also the fiduciary standard moving a lot of folks who have been market makers out of the space, which could ultimately result in much wider price swings on the same amount of deal flow. And I am curious how much discussion you have had at the SEC around this coming problem that is created when you are focused on the stability of every single company, but not truly market stability.    And you can just tell me you have had a lot of discussion, a little discussion, not much discussion, because they are talking about it in the market.    Mr. Grim. A lot of discussion.    Mr. Stivers. Okay. Thank you.    I hope you will take a look at it. I have written a letter to the Office of Financial Research (OFR), asking them to do a study on this, because this is the coming crisis in our capital markets. And whether it is the small investor that is in a 401(k), a large investor, corporations, banks that enter their investments through the capital markets, you are the front door of regulation for a lot of people, and you need to take a look at this coming crisis because you have the power to solve it, and I hope you are taking it very seriously.    Mr. Grim. Liquidity is a very important issue to a lot of people for a lot of different reasons. I think with respect to investment management, we have done a couple of different things recently that I would highlight. One, last year there has been--    Mr. Stivers. I appreciate what you have done, and I have limited time. You haven't done enough. You have not solved the crisis. The crisis is getting worse, not better. I would ask you to take a serious look at it, get the OFR to do a study, do a study of your own, continue to look at this. You are having market makers continue to leave the space. The potential of a coming crisis is there. You have the ability to solve it. I hope you will.    I am going to talk about the DOL fiduciary rule, and one of my fellow Members asked about harmonization efforts. So I wanted to ask you, have you had conversations with the Department of Labor about holding off or suspending its rulemaking until you complete your 913 rulemaking? Because you couldn't tell the gentleman from Arkansas when that would be done. Are you coordinating with the Department of Labor on release dates, yes or no? It is a yes-or-no question. That is all I need.    Mr. Grim. We have provided our subject matter expertise to DOL on some of the things that are going on in their rule.    Mr. Stivers. Are you coordinating release dates? Have you asked them to slow down until you can finish your 913 rulemaking so you can release them together, yes or no?    Mr. Grim. I--    Mr. Stivers. Would you please take a look at that?    Mr. Grim. Yes, I can look at it. I don't know the details of--    Mr. Stivers. And you don't have power over the Department of Labor, but you can ask them. If you haven't asked them--I learned a long time ago, nobody does anything until you ask them. So maybe you should ask them, and then we might not have rules that conflict with each other, because they can be done together, harmonized, and put together. That is what people need and demand of their government, an efficient, effective government.    So I would ask you to go back to the Department of Labor and see if you can coordinate. It is clear to me it has not happened. You don't want to say it has not happened. I understand that. I am not looking to place blame here. There is still time to fix it. Let's try to fix it.    I am curious if what you believe about imposing a fiduciary standard of care, what that will mean to investors with regard to fewer choices and higher costs. Are you willing to acknowledge that investors will have less choices because of the due diligence required of every investment at a fiduciary standard level and the legal liability and all at higher cost because of the cost of that due diligence, yes or no?    Mr. Grim. I think that is something that is important for us to study, that we have asked for a--    Mr. Stivers. You don't believe it is true, necessarily? You are studying it.    Mr. Grim. We haven't finished with our recommendation. The Commission hasn't adopted its--    Mr. Stivers. It happened in the United Kingdom. Did you see what happened there?    Mr. Grim. I didn't hear.    Mr. Stivers. Have you studied what happened when the United Kingdom opposed this standard? Did it result in fewer choices and higher costs? It did. Please look at that. I hope you will continue to study it.    These aren't hard questions. I am sorry you don't know the answers to them. But I hope you will look at it. I hope you will coordinate and try to harmonize these rules and do what is right for the American people.    I appreciate that you have a hard job. I know you have competing interests. You have a lot of information that you have to look at. But please do what is right for small investors in this country and try to harmonize these rules--    Mr. Stivers. --and make them not as painful with costs and fewer choices. Let's not hurt mom and pop all across this country.    I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.