    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome, Chief Weller. I, too, appreciate that we are having a hearing on how to be more innovative and how to do that in a way that incentivizes ranchers and farmers, because clearly we need their participation. In fact, they are a very effective, willing partner here because they recognize the value of effective conservation programs.    Frankly, as I am preaching to the choir, I am sure farmers and ranchers are the backbone of conservation in America. They depend on the land for their livelihoods and seek to leave it better than they found it. I don't believe that anyone cares more about the land than farmers and ranchers. Farmers and ranchers across the country have sought to protect water quality, soil, agriculture productivity, forest management, and air quality by using tools available through the farm bill. Specifically, USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service.    I have often mentioned the inadequate rainfall and drought conditions in my home State of New Mexico, and in the Southwest. Fortunately, there are conservation tools available to help southwestern producers cope with these dire situations. I have heard from several New Mexico producers that the Conservation Stewardship Program, which pays producers to adopt conservation activities to improve working lands, is helping to keep many farmers and ranchers on their lands and in business during the past drought. The most recent dire drought has been about 5 years, but we expect drought conditions to continue for decades longer.    In addition, the Regional Conservation Partnership Program, RCPP, which was created in the 2014 Farm Bill, has allowed the New Mexico Association of Conservation Districts to work with the New Mexico Acequia Association, and several New Mexico land-grants to restore historic acequias on agricultural lands, and maybe for some of the folks on the Committee and our viewers today, acequias are a traditional way of bringing water in arid communities, and it is directly from Spain, that irrigation method. This project helps improve water quantity and quality, and supports local families and communities served by the acequia system. I am looking forward to hearing more about conservation efforts that we can explore to help address water shortages and improve water quality.    Soils and soil health have been a recent topic of conversation, with last year being the International Year of Soils. This resource is critical to the health of the country and production of a quality food supply, and I thank the NRCS for promoting the issue. Our soils will be a valuable part of any future plans to combat global climate change. They have the tremendous ability to store carbon, and will only become more valuable in the future. I look forward to hearing from Chief Weller on ways to capitalize on this underused carbon sink.    One project I am excited to hear more about in New Mexico is the Innovative Tribal Conservation and GHG Management Project, which is part of the RCPP under the farm bill. Conservation really is an unsung hero when we think about American agriculture. Voluntary conservation programs through the farm bill are key to helping our farmers and ranchers succeed and to keep protecting our natural resources.    Again, I want to thank the Chairman for holding today's hearing, and I am certainly looking forward to hearing from the witnesses. Thank you.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady.    I now recognize the Ranking Member of the full Agriculture Committee, Mr. Peterson, for an opening statement.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Chief Weller, for your enthusiasm about the range of possibilities and that collaboration and voluntary efforts can produce real results. I really appreciate that, and I am hoping for the same kind of environment on looking at ways to use our agro-ecosystems to capture atmospheric carbon. Actually, New Mexico State University and one of their research scientists, Dr. David Johnson, has been looking at this issue very specifically. And so far, there are some key findings from his research, that the restoration of beneficial soil microbial communities and the relationships that they develop then with plants builds, in fact, healthy soils that can capture significant, is the operative word, significant amounts of carbon from the atmosphere and can also reduce the rate of which soil microbial communities respire this carbon.    My understanding is that he is currently reaching out to EPA for an agreement to explore this biotechnology and recognition of the increases in soil carbon as legitimate carbon offsets. I am interested in hearing whether NRCS has been working with EPA to promote soil carbon sequestration.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Can you give me, Chief Weller, kind of an idea about what the annual grant could look like? I mean, how much money are we spending across the country, roughly?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. This is exactly what I want to hear, although I would encourage you to work with all Federal agencies so that you have the same kind of effort where we don't traditionally work as well as we could, certainly, in leveraging the Federal partnerships, taking the models that you have used in the community and making sure that they apply across all the different Federal jurisdictions.    But I am really interested in finding a way to move beyond--and it is not a complaint--move beyond a pilot and think about programmatic aspects with some specificity and some tools and resources. And I have only--this always happens, Mr. Chairman--only 30 seconds left, but if you could follow up with us about some of those ideas and strategies so that this Committee could look at whether or not we can partner with you to make sure that they are available to more states and more communities, because I think that this is a real viable aspect and could really do a whole lot to reach your ultimate goal of healthy soil.    So thank you very much, Chief. I appreciate it. I yield back with 6 seconds. Can I credit those?    The Chairman. You can get credit for those.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Okay. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. I don't know what you will do with them, but you can get credit for them.    The gentlelady yields back. I now recognize Mr. Benishek from Michigan, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to the panel. We really appreciate your level of expertise and participation in these hearings so that we can better navigate, as a Committee, how we support you and support USDA to make a difference.    Mr. Price, in your testimony you mentioned how helpful NRCS is and that the personnel there are an incredible resource for ranchers. And some of the New Mexico ranchers and the Tribal communities have expressed to me that navigating NRCS programs can be very difficult, especially for small producers, because they don't really have the staff or resources to apply for multiple programs or loans or grants. I have also heard that some producers may get a grant, so they might be smaller and still manage to get a grant, but because there is no technical assistance components to those grants, it can be very difficult for them to successfully implement their projects without further assistance from USDA. And as a user of those programs, can you talk to me about some ways that we can make conservation programs more user-friendly so that all producers, irrespective of their size, can benefit from the investments that we have worked to make available.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I appreciate that. I agree with you that that sort of education and technical assistance needs to be driven back down to the local level and make that available.    In addition to that partnership, what changes or improvements can you recommend to NRCS that better supports the innovation that we have talked about today for these conservation practices? I have put you right on the spot, that will teach you to be part of the panel. We want to solve all of these problems.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I am sorry. We are delighted to have you here. Your experience makes a difference, and if there are things that come to you, that is very helpful to us. If there are things that you want to bring back to us, but it really is the work that you do that makes a difference in all of our abilities to help every producer engage in a productive way.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. All right. Well I appreciate that partnership developing aspect, so thank you for your response.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    I now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Benishek, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Dawson, you discussed how the role of your organization is not to advocate or litigate, but to create a collaborative, if you will, to bring all the parties to the table. And I am definitely interested in hearing more about some of the successful agricultural partnerships that you mentioned in your written testimony. The Monarch Butterfly Conservation Fund and the Gulf Coast Migratory Bird Habitat Initiative.    Unfortunately, in my opinion, too many still believe that efforts to protect endangered and threatened species or species' habitats always ends up hurting farmers and ranchers, and prevents them from working their lands, but it is clear to me that farmers and ranchers are not the enemy and we should be enlisting them as productive partners and allies in helping us protect endangered species and their habitats.    How can we eliminate this misconception that we are always at opposite ends of the spectrum and that we can, in fact, work together on these issues?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. That would be great. I mean, we all--and I know that it is just the two of us right now, which I appreciate that the Chairman did for a much larger representation of this Committee and Members of Congress. We all have pressure about making sure we are doing the right thing for those species, and we are supporting and advocating for our producers and our ranchers and farmers.    What else can Congress do that minimizes what could be, and too often is, natural tension that creates a more harmonious environment where people really are and motivated to work together and do many of the kind of problem solving aspects that each of you have talked about in your testimony today? What can we do?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back. That is like a minute and almost 10 seconds credit I have.    The Chairman. Well if the gentlelady will yield, I would like to open up to the other three members of the panel to----    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I yield, absolutely.    The Chairman.--answer that question as well. What can we do, in being forward looking, I think we did a pretty good farm bill, but before we know it, it will be time to start on the next one. Any critique on things we can do differently, or new ideas that we haven't addressed? What should we do or what shouldn't we do?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Mr. Chairman, I don't have any specific closing remarks. I appreciate the panel, and I really appreciate the closing sentiments and your allowance of extra time to talk about the power of learning from our mistakes, not being so risk-adverse, and to taking every opportunity to collaborate and work together.    So thank you very much for the hearing today, and thank you very much to the panel for staying so late. We appreciate you very much.    The Chairman. Just seconding all the comments of the Ranking Member. Thank you for coming here and sharing your expertise. Chief, thanks for sticking around. That is why USDA is my favorite agency. You guys are in it for the long haul. You and Chief Tidwell, consistently, are engaged and when we are doing something, you are here for the second panel, and we recognize that and we really, really appreciate it.    Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material and supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member.    This Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry hearing is now adjourned.