    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank all of you for being here. Gentlemen, as you can imagine, prescription drug abuse is very important to me. As a pharmacist and the only pharmacist in Congress, I have dealt with this, I've experienced it, I've lived it, I've seen it to--I've seen it ruining lives, I've seen it ruin families, and it's obviously very, very important to me.    As a matter of fact, as a member of the Georgia State Senate, I sponsored Senate Bill 36, which created the prescription drug--monitoring program in the State of Georgia, something I'm very proud of.    And Mr. Botticelli, I wanted to ask you, can you tell me what the National Drug Control Policy, what's your direct role in combating prescription drug abuse?    Mr. Carter. Let me--I don't mean to interrupt you, but let me ask you about that. How do you fund those? Through grants or----    Mr. Carter. And in those grants--because I remember when we set up our program, we weren't eligible for certain grants because we did not have certain programs within the prescription drug monitoring program that we needed, for instance, sharing information across State lines. I just couldn't get the bill passed at that time with that included in it, which it made us noneligible for those type of grants.    Mr. Carter. Right.    Mr. Carter. Right. Well, certainly, you know, that's an important element, and my hope is that we can get that changed in the State to where we can share information, because that's important.    For instance, I practiced right on the Georgia/South Carolina line and the Georgia/Florida line, so I'd get prescriptions quite often--or I used to practice. I get prescriptions quite often from those States and need that information as well.    I want to switch real quickly. Mr. Maurer, you mentioned a while ago, and I took some interest in this, because I know that in the legalization of marijuana, and the decriminalization of marijuana, I suspect that that's had an impact, and I was wondering if you've done any studies. I've always viewed marijuana, and full disclosure, I am adamantly opposed to the decriminalization, or to the legalization of marijuana.    I am a practicing pharmacist for over 33 years. I have spent my career using medication to improve people's health, and so it is just a pet peeve of mine. But nevertheless, what I want to know is, in those States that have legalized, that have or decriminalized it, had--I've always viewed it as being a gateway drug. Has--have we seen a decrease or an increase or any impact at all in other drug use in those particular States?    Mr. Carter. Right. Another point that was brought up during this conversation I have found very interesting. We've done quite a bit of criminal justice reform in the State of Georgia, and we've talked about it here in Congress, and certainly having programs in our prison system, because our prisons are full of people who are in there for drug abuse problems and drug--illegal drug use, and we need to have programs in our prison system that are going to treat them because it is a disease. I can tell you, as a professional, it is a disease, and it's something that needs treatment.    What are we doing to help in the prison system, to help with those type of programs?    Mr. Carter. But--so it's voluntary?    Mr. Carter. It's not required. Why aren't they required?    Mr. Carter. Yeah. Why aren't they required--if you go into prison for drug abuse or drug dependency, why aren't you required to go through therapy?    Mr. Carter. Well, many inmates may want to get that treatment program, but I suspect that all citizens want them to get it. I can assure of you that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.