    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Before I begin, I would like to congratulate Mr. Donovan on his Chairmanship, and thank him for holding today's hearing to explore the potential consequences of the proposed cuts to State and local homeland security grant programs.    I represent the 10th Congressional District of New Jersey. It is the home of Newark Liberty International Airport, the New Jersey Transit Authority, the Port of Newark-Elizabeth Marine Terminal, and a dense area of industrial facilities that the New York Times has coined the most dangerous 2 miles in America.    Over 100 potential terrorist targets are interspersed between homes and commuter corridors along that stretch. Those targets, coupled with the proximity to New York City, make the Newark-Jersey City metropolitan area regularly ranked among the most high-risk urban areas in the country.    Although it is a somewhat dubious distinction, it has brought with it critical Federal funding. From the Urban Area Security Initiative to port and transit security grants, Federal funding has helped northern New Jersey improve preparedness planning, achieve interoperable communication capabilities, and harden infrastructure targets.    Most importantly, Federal funding has supported important multi-jurisdictional exercises that challenge existing response capabilities so we can make them stronger. These human capital investments--planning, training, and exercises--cannot be one-off investments. Rather, they must be repeated over time, both to train new responders and to help seasoned responders know how to take on emerging threats.    Like many of my colleagues on this panel, I am very troubled by the administration's proposal to slash important homeland security grants in fiscal year 2017. In the 3\1/2\ years I have served as the subcommittee's Ranking Member, I have seen the domestic threat environment evolve, and our first responders are on the front lines.    I understand that the administration has proposed to slash Federal homeland security grant funds to comply with the budget caps, and I take issue with that. We cannot afford to balance the budget on the backs of our first responders. Instead, Federal first responders' funding should be robust and predictable so that the State and local governments can effectively plan for the future investments.    I am sure that the testimony we hear today will help us build the case to appropriators that strong homeland security grant funding should continue. Together, we can fight these cuts and win.    Additionally, I would be interested in learning the witnesses' thoughts on the new grants to counter violent extremism, or CVE, and the proposed Regional Competitive Grant Program. The Department has failed to provide Congress with much detail on either program, and I would be interested to learn if DHS has conducted any outreach to the stakeholders and community about them.    Particularly with respect to CVE grants, I am interested in hearing the witnesses' thoughts on what can be done to guard against certain populations being targeted or profiled. In the past, mosques in my Congressional district were the subject of surveillance by an out-of-State law enforcement agency.    Although the NYPD program was subsequently disbanded, it showed us first-hand the dangers of profiling, and I want to be sure that precautions to avoid such outcomes are taken as we make the new money available for CVE.    I want to thank the witnesses for being here today, particularly Sergeant Kierce, from Jersey City, New Jersey, and I look forward to their testimony.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mayor de Blasio, New York City has benefitted from significant homeland security grant investments, and rightfully so. What is your biggest fear if those programs are slashed?    Mr. de Blasio. My fear is we fall behind, Congressman. We have, over the last 15 years, since that horrible day of 9/11, innovated an approach to fighting terror, to preventing it before it happens. It has become a very refined approach and a very successful approach. It requires a close coordination of all of our city agencies, police, fire, emergency management, health, and others, but also close partnership with the Federal Government. I have to say, I think it is at an all-time high in terms of close cooperation and collaboration with FBI, Homeland Security, et cetera.    But I think there is a phrase we use in New York City that describes the situation: ``If it ain't broke, don't fix it.'' So far we have succeeded in preventing terror on a consistent basis.    Mr. Payne. Absolutely.    Mr. de Blasio. But as we saw in Paris, as we saw in San Bernardino, the challenges are greater. That is why we created a stand-alone counterterror apparatus, and why we need ever more commitment to technology and to a more refined approach. If the bottom drops out of that, if the leg is taken out of the stool and we are no longer able to invest in improving our approach, sadly, we will be creating vulnerability.    So Congressman, I would say, if one day we believe that the terror threats around the world are actually declining, well, that would be a glorious day where we could talk about the opportunity to reduce spending. But unfortunately, right now, those threats are increasing. They are becoming more complicated. Law enforcement is challenged to keep up with the capacity of terrorist organizations and their use of technology, which is one of the areas we most need to combat them with.    So I would argue, we cannot perform that role or engage in that fight against terror effectively without this funding.    Mr. Payne. Thank you.    Also, the fiscal year 2017 budget request cuts UASI and the State Homeland Security Grant Program collectively by over $.5 billion. Port and transit security grants would also be cut. There is no question that those programs yield real security benefits. Meanwhile, the budget requests $49 million for counter violent extremism grants, though we have no idea what the program will look like or what benefit it will provide.    In light of these uncertainties, what activities do you think CVE grants should support, and how can these programs be carried out in a way that avoids profiling?    Mr. de Blasio. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    We do support the notion of the countering violent extremism program. We believe that it is more important than ever for government at all levels to engage all communities, build partnerships, share information, create an atmosphere that is more positive and hopeful than it may have been in the past.    We do not support profiling of any form. As you know, we have changed the policies of the previous administration to both more effectively police--because we do not believe those policies were the best way to counter terror--but also because if we create inadvertently a rift with any of our communities, it actually impedes the flow of information from the grassroots.    So I want to make sure it is understood, we feel this about all communities because there is different types of challenges and threats and different types of violence that could emanate from a variety of communities. But the common link is establish deeper communication and respect, bring law enforcement and community closer together, don't create a rift, and figure out other things we have to do through Government, whether it is in terms of education or efforts directed at young people to lift them up that actually increase the security of everyone.    So that core philosophy we believe in, like you, we look forward to more elaboration of the concept from the Federal Government, but we believe in the philosophy.    Mr. Payne. Okay. Thank you.    I had another question, but in interest of time, I will yield back and hopefully we have another opportunity to ask questions.    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mayor de Blasio, I know that this isn't an issue specifically within the scope of today's hearing, but I believe that it is related. First responders in my district, as well in New York, rely on T-band spectrum for radio communications. Unfortunately, the legislation that authorized FirstNet requires eleven jurisdictions, including ours, to relinquish the spectrum by 2023, unless Congress acts to extend the deadline.    Can you share some of the concerns New York City's first responders have about their emergency communication capabilities in light of the deadline and the associated cost of transitioning off the T-band?    Mr. de Blasio. Thank you, Congressman. Yes, I share your view. T-band is a critical part of the work we do in terms of emergency communications. Disrupting that reality could prove to be very dangerous.    We have, as you know, a very highly-developed apparatus in New York City to protect our people and protect, again, the 60 million people who visit every year. It has to do with a number of agencies constantly working together in a very crowded, complex environment. The current communications structure allows us to do that work.    If Congress doesn't act and we have to relinquish the current approach, we fear a situation that is really disruptive. I think this is a case where there should be real care taken to not upset something that is working currently. We all appreciate innovation. We all appreciate opportunities to do things differently, but not if they undermine something that is working currently and don't replace it in an appropriate manner.    So right now, I would ask that, with your support, ask that the Congress act to reverse the T-band give-back, because we do fear the consequences otherwise.    Mr. Payne. Absolutely. You know, we talk about supporting our first responders and then we find circumstances, situations where something like this potentially could occur. I mean, we have a saying in Newark: ``If you are going to be about it, stay about it.'' So to change and disrupt that is very troubling. So we want to continue to support our first responders. We expect a lot of them and they do the job, and so we need to give them the support they deserve.    Thank you.    Mr. de Blasio. Thank you very much.    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is my pleasure today to welcome Sergeant Greg Kierce, who serves as Jersey City's director of Office of Emergency Management and Homeland Security. Sergeant Kierce's professional background encompasses more than 30 years of law enforcement. He maintains a successful record of achieving law enforcement objectives, including reduced crime, greater public safety and security, and stronger relationships with the local community. He has demonstrated a proven ability to lead, coach, and direct law enforcement professionals to maximize the productivity and enhance workplace efficiency through process improvement.    I want to thank you for the time that you have allowed us to have you come down here before the subcommittee, and I look forward to your testimony.    Mr. Chairman, just before I yield back, for full disclosure, there is a possibility that Chief Kerr taught me to swim as a child at Camp Kiamesha back in New Jersey. So I just wanted to put that on the record. I yield back.    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This question is for all the witnesses as well. As I mentioned in my opening statement, I am concerned about the administration's proposal to cut the existing homeland security grant programs and divert funding to programs we know little about. Has DHS engaged with you on this vision for either the Regional Competitive Grant Program or the Countering Violent Extremist grants to this date? Are there thoughts or concerns about either program you would like to share with the committee? Mr. Butterworth.    Mr. Payne. Thank you.    Mr. Payne. Thank you.    Mr. Payne. Thank you.    Mr. Payne. Thank you. I will yield back at this time.    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to talk about a topic that is very important to me. This question is, once again, for all the witnesses. Since I joined this panel in 2013, I have worked hard to promote programs and policies that advance interoperable communications capabilities. Unfortunately, the Interoperable Emergency Communications Grant has not been funded in half a decade. I suspect the cuts to homeland security grants will only further undermine interoperable communication efforts.    Can each of you talk about how the elimination of the Interoperable Emergency Communications Grant Program has affected interoperability efforts and how grant cuts might further hinder interoperability goals? Sergeant Kierce.    Mr. Payne. Thank you.    Mr. Payne. Yes.    Mr. Payne. Well, I would like to thank all of you for your testimony today. It has been very enlightening and informative as well. You are our eyes and ears and the people on the ground and first responders, and we appreciate the work that you do and the testimony that you have brought today.    So with that, Mr. Chair, I will yield back.