    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Rachelle Gardner is here today representing the Hope Academy in Indianapolis, Indiana, in my district. Rachelle is the Chief Operating Officer and one of the founders of Hope Academy, a tuition-free Indiana public charter high school for students in recovery from drug and alcohol addiction.    As 80 percent of students relapse from recovery upon returning to their own high school, Hope Academy is essential in combating the staggering statistic. Hope Academy is the only recovery high school in Indiana and one of only 35 within the United States. Rachelle also serves as the Director of Adolescent Services at Fairbanks Drug and Alcohol Treatment Center, and she is the Board Chair for the Association of Recovery Hospitals. And so I want to welcome Ms. Gardner and the other panelists today.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing. I have to say, I wish that we could actually spend hours upon hours discussing this critical problem.    I have actually been a defense attorney. I have been a United States attorney. I was at our State's community college and have dealt with individuals with addiction but nothing really touched me as much as when I went and visited the Hope Academy and saw a recovery high school and realized that that is the type of program--because I have been involved in the take-downs of the big cartels and organizations in our community in the southern district of Indiana, but we have to stop it. There is always going to be a supply but I want to focus a bit on the demand and what we are doing on the demand side, and I really appreciate you being here, Ms. Gardner, and want to ask about those recovery supports that are so important and what are some of the things--I would like you to talk a bit more about how the high school works and about what--because there are only 35 in the country but yet you have had really very wonderful results. You have alumni who are involved. Fairbanks Hospital has brought the community together, but I have to tell you, when I sat in the circle with kids who had the support group, and when a young girl said to the group she was turning 17 the next day and it was her first birthday in 4 years that she would be sober, it broke my heart.    And can you please talk with us about your kids and about what are the recovery supports and how should we at the federal level be supporting recovery efforts?    Mrs. Brooks. Can you share with us what you think we at the federal level can do to help provide support for programs like yours?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you for that.    Focusing and moving a bit to adults, I do want to ask Mr. Fitz because Ms. Gardner talked about treatment and the length of treatment. Can you give me your thoughts on the benefits of substance abuse treatment courts in our criminal justice system and what you know about them in my brief time remaining? I have been a proponent but I would like to hear what you in your role believe.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. I yield back.