    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And Ms. Taylor, great to see you again, as well as your colleagues and I appreciate you coming to join us here today.    I have several different questions, so I am going to try to be brief as I ask them and if we have enough time to get through a few of these.    Pork: Obviously, it is very important to the State of North Carolina. South Africa has significant potential for sales of U.S. pork, and I am just curious where we are with them in terms of opening up that market.    Mr. Rouzer. I heard that.    Mr. Rouzer. Is there anything that we can do as a Committee, or Congress as a whole, to help spur that along any? Just curious.    Mr. Rouzer. Second question, MAP and FMD programs, there has been some concern that perhaps all the money that is appropriated and allocated by Congress for those programs isn't always necessarily used--I wouldn't say not used properly--but perhaps used for administrative and other costs perhaps. What is the Department doing to focus in on that?    Mr. Rouzer. Mr. Karsting, the United States International Food Assistance Report, which is a joint product of USDA and USAID, is due April 1st of each year. Do you have any idea when we might be able to expect to see the report since it is about 5 months past due, and is FAS, have you all completed your component of that?    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time has expired.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Abraham, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Jacobs-Young, my question would be most appropriate probably directed to you, although any of you that might have some insight, feel free to share. I am interested in avian influenza. In the southeastern part of the country, obviously, we are bracing for that potential possibility this fall as the birds migrate south. Can you tell us where we are in terms of development of a vaccine or vaccines that are available, what you are hearing from other countries as it relates to that or any interaction that you are having with other government agencies as it relates to this issue?    Mr. Rouzer. How much of that vaccine has been produced? Is production of it an issue at all in terms of quantity of birds that might be affected?    Mr. Rouzer. I'm curious just how much vaccine would be needed. That is really my question. That is just a question I am curious about, if anybody knows?    Mr. Rouzer. Switching gears, Madam Under Secretary, I am a big picture guy, and it was mentioned earlier in the hearing that we will have a population of 9.6 billion by the year 2050. It is hard to believe it is already the year 2015, and according to my little Google search here, we have 7.3 billion people in the world today. Of course, by 2050, in addition to a couple billion more, there will be a lot less land to produce our food and fiber on.    What is our long-term strategy? What do we need to be doing now in terms of the basics and as relates to our research infrastructure and everything else to meet that demand?    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I see my time has expired.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Abraham, 5 minutes.    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Madam Under Secretary, I appreciate you and your Administrators coming to join us today. As you may know, I used to be at USDA Rural Development, and so, perhaps, learned a little more than maybe even I wanted to while I was there. I see some of my old bosses in the crowd back there with smiles on their faces, so great to have you here today.    A question for you. I am curious about the Rural Business--Cooperative Service reorganization there and what is taking place, and very curious about the state of the value-added program. That was of great interest of mine when I was there at the Department.    Mr. Rouzer. The B&I program has always been the flagship, obviously. How is our default rate looking on that these days?    Mr. Rouzer. Mr. Hernandez, Community Facilities program was a popular one in my district. I have a lot of rural areas, a lot of small towns, a lot of fire stations, medical clinics, town halls, et cetera, that are always needing a little help. I remember when I was there, the demand for that program was just astronomical. I am just wondering what your dollar amount is, what the demand is these days? How large is your backlog?    Mr. Rouzer. Mr. Chairman, unfortunately, I see my time has expired.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Goodlatte, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate each of you coming before the Committee today.    Mr. Shea, I have been advised there is a pretty serious shortage of FMD vaccine needed to manage an FMD outbreak. Can you share with us what the Administration's plan is for that?    Mr. Rouzer. Given all that, do you have any idea what type of cost estimate if we are going to try to tackle this from all quarters, what type of cost estimate we would be looking at for a vaccine?    Mr. Rouzer. I have heard some reports that should we pursue that route, the industry might be required to help cover the cost of it. Has there been any discussion of that or any insights you can share on that front?    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you very much. Mr. Almanza or Almanza, which do you prefer?    Mr. Rouzer. Well, I get asked all the time, do I like Rouzer or Rouzer and I say Rouzer so----    I have a question for you. What sorts of tools and assistance can FSIS provide to assist smaller producers or facilities? What is the best way for those businesses who are looking for answers to get those answers?    Mr. Rouzer. And real quickly, I understand you all are updating the way you carry out inspections. If you want to talk about that for a second and any updates on any proposals to modernize hog slaughter?    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time has expired.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Let me follow up. I think all the Members have talked.    Mr. Shea, can you talk to us a little bit about if we had an FMD outbreak in Texas and it migrated into the feral hog population, one, is that likely or not, but if it did happen, how do we control that?