    Mr. McDermott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Yarmuth. Dr. Smith, I am fascinated by your testimony, as like Dr. Price, I am also a physician. How big an emergency room do you have at your surgical center?    Mr. McDermott. So everything is done electively?    Mr. McDermott. I went online with your name. Keith Smith, and I looked for your prices. I was trying to see where the transparency was, and I could not find it. So explain to me, if I am a patient, and I am in Oklahoma City, and I need a gall bladder done, how do I find out what you charge for gall bladders?    Mr. McDermott. I am just a plumber. I work for the school district, and I want to find out this. Where do I go when I get online?    Mr. McDermott. I am just an ordinary Joe.    Mr. McDermott. I got to go on Google, and I just say----    Mr. McDermott. And I will find it?    Mr. McDermott. But you are saying that is if everybody in the country would go to Affordablehealthcare.com and pick out their surgery, we could reduce all the problems in health care or most of the problems, or?    Mr. McDermott. Let me ask you a personal question.    Mr. McDermott. You do not have to answer. Have you ever had an emergency surgery or had any emergency medical problems?    Mr. McDermott. You have not? So you are saying to somebody who has a kidney stone, they should go online when they have a kidney stone and ask, ``Where is the affordable place? The best place to get that done in Oklahoma City?'' The answer that you provide or that you are presenting here----    Mr. McDermott. So you believe in insurance?    Mr. McDermott. I will give you a case. My son had a second child, and the child stopped moving around inside his mother, and so the doctor said, ``Come on down to the emergency room, and we will take a look.'' Now, they are driving down this highway in California. They are not going to be sitting on their computer figuring out which is the cheapest place to get a C-section or whatever is going to be necessary when they get to the emergency room.    They do not know what is necessary. They are not doctors or anything, so they are just driving down there, because the doctor said, ``Come on in.'' How does this work for that kind of thing? What should my son have in your system? He is going to have all the prices on his computer for elective stuff, but what about the emergency stuff? How is he going to know that?    Mr. McDermott. So everybody would be able to--I mean, what you are talking about is a system where we are all online, and----