    Mr. Garrett. I thank the chairman. And I thank all of our witnesses for being here today.    I guess all of our witnesses have gotten to know each other pretty well, because you meet regularly in closed-door sessions where the public is not allowed, to basically discuss how to fundamentally change the U.S. economy.    So I thought I would just take this minute to introduce ourselves to you. We are the U.S. Congress. We were created by Article I of the U.S. Constitution. We are the ones who are actually elected representatives of the American public. And we are the ones who send you all those pesky letters that you all routinely ignore.    And I know you are probably confused by this setting, that the public is here, that there are TV cameras here, so this is probably unusual for you. But this is what we do. We are open to the American public. We are transparent. And we are before the American public.    So, if there is one thing that you take away today, it should be that in the way you run your hearings, and the way you conduct yourselves, you need to become more like us: more transparent and more open to the American public. You need to adopt these policies so you are no longer working behind closed doors and in secret.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Garrett. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. I have been looking through the minutes, Mr. Chairman--if you can call them that--that FSOC published. And one of the things I notice is who actually shows up, and who can attend FSOC meetings. It seems that certain people, like that Governor, who is not a member of FSOC, is able to attend, and attends various meetings of FSOC, while Commissioners of the various boards and Commissions do not attend.    It seems that there is a--well, not a very clear criteria as to who can and cannot attend. In September, according to minutes, the FSOC held with about 20 or so invited guests from various agencies. And again, yes--yet again, the Commissioners of various agencies are not on those lists.    So, I am going to take a page out of Al Green's methodology here and ask for a show of hands. All of you who are on the panel today, who are part of an organization that has either a commission or a board, can you raise your hand, so we know what we are talking--because not everybody up there has a commission or a board, right?    Okay, so, for those who raised your hand, do you trust your Commissioners or your board members as their ability to keep things confidential? So, I would say, do the members who just raised their hand trust their board members?    Maybe I should flip it the other way. Is there any member here who does not trust their board members or their Commissioners? They can't keep things secret?    Okay. So, if that is the case, let me run--Chairman Massad, if any of the members of your Commission wanted to come to you and ask to attend an FSOC meeting, and you trust them, can they come to an FSOC meeting?    Mr. Garrett. Would you personally object to them being there?    Mr. Garrett. I don't know that there is anything in the FSOC rules that--is there anything specifically in the requirements that says they cannot attend but other guests can attend?    Mr. Garrett. You allowed 20 other guests to be there in September, and I guess that was okay. Did you know at that time whether or not they were allowed to be there?    Let me go to Chair White, since he doesn't know. Would you object if one of your Commissioners wanted to attend an FSOC meeting personally? Would you have a problem with that?    Mr. Garrett. Right. I understand what the structure is. I understand that you have been--the whole entire board has been precluding openness and transparency. What I am trying to find out is for all of you who have just raised your hand, who said you trust your board or commission with secrecy, is there anyone who would say that they cannot attend? Well, good.    Can I have a commitment, then, from all of those people who just said they would not object, that you will work to, for the next meeting, allow your board and Commissioners? Anyone here--please raise your hand if you will not encourage your chairman to allow them to attend the next board meeting.    So, let the record reflect two people. Mr. Gruenberg, you will not--    Mr. Garrett. --recommend to the chairman that your Commissioners be able to attend?    Mr. Garrett. No, let me just go there. You didn't raise your hand. Do you not trust your members? Are they not able to keep things secret? I just want to be clear on that.    Mr. Garrett. Sure.    Mr. Garrett. But you have no problem with Dan Tarullo's attending quite frequently. So it is something about your board that you don't trust them is what I am taking from this.    Mr. Garrett. So why do you object to them being there?    Mr. Garrett. So in September, there were 20-some. That was not an issue of functionality, but for your own board members--I am taking the perception here that either you don't trust your people or that you are doing something in secret. So which one is that, Mr. Gruenberg? Do you not trust your people or you are trying to do something in secret?    Mr. Garrett. Then, you haven't given us an answer.    Chair White, will you recommend to the Chair, will the rest of you now--the rest of the panel who raised their hand, will you recommend to the chairman that these people--that meetings be open to the rest of the Commission?    Mr. Garrett. There is nothing in the congressional structure. That has already been pointed out, so will you make that recommendation?    Mr. Garrett. Will anyone here make that recommendation, positive recommendation? So, let the record reflect that no one who has come before us today will make a recommendation; they want to continue to keep their meetings secret.    Mr. Garrett . The gentleman yields back from a very salient point, which I think he will agree with the chairman that just citing interconnectedness is not enough of a criteria because--and no one else from the panel I see was able to answer your question as well.    My daughter's former lemonade stand is also interconnected if you go through the whole realm. So I think there has to be more substance to it than that. But with that, I will now yield to Mr. Tipton for 5 minutes.    Mr. Garrett. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Poliquin is recognized now for 5 minutes.