    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    To try to comprehend the scope of the spending that's gone on in the U.S. money, I think the inspector general had said--was it $110 billion from 2002 to 2013? Is that defense money or is that all of the aid that has gone into Afghanistan?    Mr. Mica. So ----    Mr. Mica. Okay.    Mr. Mica. So about half. I was told that the budget for the entire Afghan Government is about $5 billion a year. Is that right?    Mr. Mica. Yes. And then I'm also told that there's other money coming in. Is it NATO money or European money, aid money?    Mr. Mica. On top of that?    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Ms. Abizaid.--total is about $5 billion. There is international funds to the tune of about $1 billion that is coming in. The Afghan Government pays about $500 million and the United States ----    Mr. Mica. So ----    Mr. Mica. Because I--well ----    Mr. Sopko.--but I think they had the--it's the capacity to use ----    Mr. Mica. I was told by a representative--I am pretty sure it was out of your office and I think we have it on the record because I went back and said did you say absorb or steal? Because I know when I went there I had been informed of, all the way up to the presidency, what money was being stolen. But is that still the case? They don't have the ability to absorb or misappropriate any more money?    Mr. Mica. And then--okay.    Mr. Mica. Another thing, too, is I am told that the Taliban now are starting to control more areas, and I read where your area of being able to conduct oversight has shrunken, is that correct?    Mr. Mica. So even where we have projects ongoing or we have had projects, you don't have the ability to go in and see what is going on, is that correct?    Mr. Mica. When I was there, I was taken to Helmand Province. I went to half a dozen provinces or whatever around the country, and I remember the troops telling me look at the school, Mr. Mica. The school they paid 5, 10 times. It is the joke of the community of how the United States got ripped off, and that is what you have seen in some of these projects, sir?    Mr. Mica. Okay. You report to both the Secretary of Defense and also the Secretary of State on what you have seen, the abuses, et cetera? Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. Okay.    Mr. Sopko.--and Congress.    Mr. Mica. Okay. And then I see that Mrs. Clinton was the Secretary of State from--well, until 2013, and you reported not only to the DOD Secretary but to her. Some of the biggest abuses were in USAID money that I saw. Is that under Secretary of State or is it under DOD?    Mr. Mica. But is it under State or is it under DOD?    Mr. Mica. So no one--you did not report to her about those abuses, the Secretary ----    Mr. Mica. So she has had ----    Mr. Sopko.--of Defense ----    Mr. Mica. She had those reports. And are they required to reply or they do reply? Now, you just told me you replied on 90 percent or something. Do we have a record of what came out of State?    Mr. Mica. Can you ----    Mr. Mica. All right. And then lastly, Mr. Chairman, I am very concerned about idle assets. You know, our Federal Government should stop--I have always said should stop sitting on its assets, and we have assets over there that you have identified not only the ones you are spending money on that you describe and renovations that are unnecessary or unwarranted and costly but also assets that we have that are sitting idle that we have transferred over to them. And if you could give us a list of those for the record, I appreciate that, and yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Mica. Well, I don't mean to belabor the point, Mr. Sopko, but I have the transcript from 4/29/15, and we had you in and I was asking at that time what the amount was you had cited they couldn't absorb or--and I said steal, but here is my words there. I believe the amount was $20 billion in Afghanistan money that was backed up. They had neither the ability or capacity to spend or steal. I think it was--was that an accurate statement? I was asking that.    Mr. Sopko, I think you are correct. It is about--actually it is more than $20 billion right now that has been appropriated, authorized, but not yet spent. And I guess in a subcommittee hearing on April 3, 2014, I had asked you for information on a list of Afghan nationals who you found were held criminally accountable for some of the theft, and you provided a response to me at that point.    You also said as of March 31, 2014, $18 billion remained to be spent. It was either backed up and couldn't be absorbed or if you want to attribute the stolen to me, I will say that. What is the amount now, would you estimate?    Mr. Mica. But they still can't absorb or, I believe, they can't absorb that money. They don't have the capacity to absorb it. So the good news is some of that has been cut off. We are not giving them more.    Then, I went into prosecutions. Did DOD or State go after money that was defrauded or criminally expended? Are there any instances? I mean, there's a lot of fraud, waste, and abuse going on, but we could go after fraud and criminal action, and that has been cited.    Mr. Mica. Okay. But have there ----    Mr. Sopko.--investigate them and then turn them over to ----    Mr. Mica. Can you give us cases?    Mr. Mica. But I want to know ----    Mr. Mica. Okay. I want that in the record and the response. I follow up on these things.    Mr. Mica. Okay. Then, you went on to cite in your letter to me that one of the difficulties was prosecuting in Afghan courts, right? And you actually got one person in to testify, I guess an American law enforcement person in a case there. But at that time, 2014, we didn't have an extradition treaty. The United States has extradition treaties with 110 countries. Who negotiates the extradition treaty, the Secretary of State?    Mr. Sopko.--State Department.    Mr. Mica. So we never--do we have one now in place?    Mr. Mica. We still do not have an extradition treaty so we can't go after them there.    Then, there was another handicap you cited, the Afghan First Initiative. U.S. contractors were restricted so they are giving the stuff to Afghan contractors who we really couldn't monitor or go after criminally. Is that still in place, this Afghan First requirement?    Mr. Mica. Do you know?    Mr. Mica. Well, that would be good to know because we have no recourse.    Any percentage of what you think has been wasteful or--you don't like me to use stolen, but ----    Mr. Mica. I mean, $10 billion ----    Mr. Sopko.--billions, just billions.    Mr. Mica. Billions and--yes.    Mr. Mica. And we have not been able to go after them or, if we have, it has been, well, limited both in Afghan courts or U.S. courts.    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Sopko.--we have--SIGAR has worked very closely with the National Unity Government and the President and his people.    Mr. Mica. And you got one person to ----    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Mica. And ----    Mr. Sopko.--the difference with this new government versus the old government.    Mr. Mica. Okay. Well, again, an extradition treaty would probably help, too. That sounds like there is still going to be spending money. Maybe we could request that or Secretary of State to do that.    Finally, what does it look like as total assets left behind value? Since we don't have an inventory of the projects, which is astounding, is there any guesstimate as to our--I know we are leaving billions behind, but is it--and we spent $110--I would have another question, Mr. Chairman, if you--and then I am very concerned about in Iraq, you know, we spent a billion, gazillion dollars training these guys and then they cut and run. Has anyone done an evaluation of our programs there? And do they have the ability either as a police or defense force to hold things together?    Mr. Mica. Well ----    Ms. Abizaid.--obviously with some challenges.    Mr. Mica. But that is not a good answer because I am the best Representative in the 7th Congressional District. I am the only one.    Mr. Mica. Yes, but ----    Ms. Abizaid.--and a strong commitment to defending their country. How are they compared to Iraqi security forces is not something that I have an answer for you.    Mr. Mica. Okay. Well, again, and then the assets, the amount, maybe somebody could calculate what we are leaving behind. I know some things, it costs you more to take the asset out, but there are some infrastructure that you can't remove that we are leaving behind that they can't maintain or where they have taken control of where we are spending more money to renovate it that we don't need to spend.    Mr. Mica. For the record ----    Mr. Mica.--in the record, yes.    Ms. Abizaid.--that information for the record, sir.    Mr. Mica. And then maybe we will have an inventory, too.    Mr. Mica. Don't feel bad, though, because we don't have inventory of the public assets, the property that we have in our own agencies in the United States, let alone some place that is under attack.    Mr. Mica. And that is bases so ----    Mr. Mica. We have got lots of USAID that--tens of billions ----