    Mr. Rinaldi. Didn't realize I was going to be first. Thank you, Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, Chairman----    Mr. Rinaldi. Yes? Can you hear me now?    Mr. Rinaldi. Thank you, Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, Chairman LoBiondo, and Ranking Member Larsen, and members of the committee. I am grateful for the opportunity to testify today as we discuss air traffic control reform and the FAA reauthorization bill, H.R. 4441.    We all have a stake in our National Airspace System. It is an economic engine, contributing $1.5 trillion to our gross domestic product, and providing over 12 million American jobs. Currently we run the largest, safest, most efficient, most complex, most diverse airspace system in the world. Our system is unique, unequaled, and unrivaled by any other country. This is due in large part of the impeccable work of the men and women that NATCA represents.    The United States airspace system is considered the gold standard in the world aviation community. And yet we have come to a difficult reality that change is needed. Globalization and innovation are driving some dramatic changes in the world aviation industry, and sadly, our current structure cannot keep up.    The current aviation system has served us well until recent years. Unfortunately, we no longer have a stable, predictable funding stream, and this uncertainty has caused serious problems in the system. We all remember the disruptions we experienced in 2013 with sequestration, where the FAA had to scale down all modernization projects. The agency looked at closing 238 air traffic control towers, tried to close 149 of them, not because it was safe or it was efficient, but to save money.    They continued and they stopped hiring air traffic controllers for a full year, which we still are having a problem today in our system getting air traffic controllers. And currently we are at a 27-year low of fully certified controllers. The FAA forced controllers onto furloughs, which caused rippling delay effects throughout our system. Further, the agency went to a fix-on-fail on maintenance philosophy, and stopped stockpiling critical parts of essential equipment we need for the operation. These decisions were all made to meet budget restrictions from sequestration, not for the operational reasons, and certainly not for the safety of our National Airspace System.    Mr. Chairman, our 24/7, 365-day-a-year aviation system has been challenged over the last 10 years. We have experienced 24 short-term extensions of authorization, a partial shutdown of the FAA, a complete Government shutdown, and numerous threats of Government shutdowns. Aviation safety should not come second to defunding Obamacare, Planned Parenthood, Syrian refugees, or gun control, or any other important issues that come before the body.    We should have aviation safety be the primary issue when we talk about aviation in this country. All the stakeholders in the National Airspace System should work together to ensure the United States continues to be the world leader in aviation. With all of these challenges in mind, we applaud the hard work that the members on the committee did to draft a comprehensive FAA reauthorization bill to address these longstanding problems.    NATCA has publicly stated that any FAA restructuring must achieve the following to maintain NATCA support. Any new structure must ensure that our employees are fully protected in our employment relationship. Maintaining our members' pay benefits, retirement, health care, along with our negotiated agreements for our work rules are crucial to safety of the system. Any new structure must make safety and the efficiency of the National Airspace System a priority. This means we cannot allow maintenance to lag, and cannot reduce staffing to save money.    Any new structure must have a stable, predictable funding stream, and must be adequate to support all air traffic control services, included but not limited to staffing, hiring, training, long-term modernization projects, preventative maintenance, and modernization to our physical infrastructure. Many of our controllers are working in buildings over 50 years old.    Any new structure must improve upon the status quo by providing an environment that promotes and grows aviation in this country, that allows us to continue to provide services to all segments of the aviation community. The commercial airlines, the cargo haulers, from the business jets to the general aviation, from our major hub airports in this country to our very small, rural America airports in this country are all important to our diverse community.    NATCA supports this bill because it provides a stable, predictable funding stream, and contains necessary reforms that we believe will help us continue to run the world's safest, most efficient system. A not-for-profit, independent organization run by the board of stakeholders could deliver results similar to those we have seen in Canada.    Finally, I want to state clearly that we will continue carefully to review this legislation. If at any time there are changes to this bill, we will immediately examine them to ensure the bill continues to align with our organization's policies, practices, and principles. And, if the changes don't, we will reserve the right to withdraw our support.    I thank you for the opportunity to comment on the bill, and I look forward to answering any questions you guys may have.    Mr. Rinaldi. I would be OK with it.    Mr. Rinaldi. I would be OK with it.    Mr. Rinaldi. What you quoted, no, but I don't believe----    Mr. Rinaldi. That is just the opinion of airline CEOs.    Mr. Rinaldi. I don't believe it is.    Mr. Rinaldi. Yes, of course.    Mr. Rinaldi. Yes.    Mr. Rinaldi. Yes, it is.    Mr. Rinaldi. Well, we are--thank you, sir. We are behind in technology. Canada, the U.K., most of the modern world is using more modern technology than we have in our system. Our controllers are doing a fantastic job with the equipment they have, but the paper flight strips that Mr. Mica held up is a perfect example.    There have been renditions after renditions of the FAA trying to move us to an electronic flight strip program, and we are still, actually, right now testing one. We have one deployed in a Phoenix tower, and we have one in a Newark tower, and we are setting requirements. But that will--through the procurement process, and certainly through requirements, this will be a long, drawn-out process. It will be 2025 when our towers will actually start to see, actually, an electronic flight strip program.    Mr. Rinaldi. We are looking about 2025, and that is if we are funded properly, and that is certainly if the contract is written in a way where human factors are actually on the forefront so it is--you don't have the cost overrun once it gets to the Tech Center in Atlantic City.    Mr. Rinaldi. They are pretty scary. We are at a 27-year low of fully certified controllers through the system. The number is 10,760, of which those 10,760, 3,355 of them could retire at any moment. That would be--that would cause delays throughout the system, because we just would not be able to open up positions and open up facilities to run the system as we are today.    We do have 3,229 in some type of developmental training status. That status can take any time from 1 to 5 years, depending on the facility they are in, and depending on how they are progressing through the OGATI program.    The agency has made a commitment to hire an appropriate amount this year. I have no faith that they will hit that number, because they haven't in the last 5 years hit their hiring mark.    Mr. Rinaldi. Just to clarify that date, they are rolling electronic flight strips into a time-based metering and ground-based metering program, so they are making it more complicated. And if they were just to take a system that is off the shelf today, that some of the manufacturing companies actually have, we could get it a lot sooner. The problem is they are rolling it into some broad initiative of time-based metering.    Mr. Rinaldi. Yes, they have.    Mr. Rinaldi. They are outstanding.    Mr. Rinaldi. Thank you, sir. I appreciate that.    Mr. Rinaldi. Thank you, Congresswoman, great question. I believe, by bringing all of the negotiated agreements and work agreements over intact, and having a robust transition period to work all these issues, to make sure we have no unintended consequences on the safety and efficiency of the system, and to ensure that we continue to hire diverse--in a diverse pool, and make sure that we are training properly and using modern technology for training tools--right now our training system is pretty antiquated. And using modern technologies for training, we can, you know, hopefully streamline the training and speed it up to the point that we can actually see a controller be fully certified in less than 5 years.    Mr. Rinaldi. Sure, I--you know, I think one of the first things that we talked about were our electronic flight strips. I think when you went into the facility, you probably saw them walking around with pieces of paper, and that a controller that was working one position would walk a piece of paper to another controller, and then they would walk it around as the airplane was moving throughout the airport movement area. And then, eventually, once the airplane took off, then it would be either some type of manual way to get the information to the radar controller. That would be--to us, that is the technology. It is hard to even say that is modern technology.    In the Nav Canada world, they have been working on this, working with this for 20-plus years. They are selling it around the world. I mean if you ask how would we enhance the tower environment, that would be something, certainly, we would do.    Our radar environments in our large centers and our TRACONs, how we would enhance that is to give us, you know, more tools and modern technology, better voice switch systems. And, most importantly, better staffing. We are crucially, crucially--at this point with our staffing our controllers are having tough times to get breaks, take time off, to make sure they have appropriate amount of, you know, fatigue mitigation going on. Our staffing, we must address the staffing of our facilities, and that is a deep concern of ours, as we move forward.    Mr. Rinaldi. That is about correct.    Mr. Rinaldi. Well, I think if you--and I am going to answer in simplistic terms, because I don't know the exact answer to your question. But if we bring everything over as is, the approaches, the flight paths, and as is into this not-for-profit Corporation and don't make any changes, then the noise complaints that you are getting today are as you were getting them then.    If there are any changes that we were going to do to modernize the system, that would have to go through the regulatory safety and certification function of the FAA for approval.    Mr. Rinaldi. From what I understand--and I am not an expert in the insurance business at all--I do know that the Nav Canada system is set up for the unthinkable to happen, and litigation coming down. The fact that we run about 10 percent--they run about 10 percent of the traffic that we do, you would think that might be about, you know, 8 to 10 times more than that. Not an expert in insurance by any stretch of the imagination.    Mr. Rinaldi. One of the things--thank you, sir. One of the things we wanted to make sure that was captured in law was a fair negotiating process with mediation and binding arbitration. And, as it stands now, that does carry over. That is something we will watch closely. Because if that is not a part of the bill, then we would have a big problem with it.    Mr. Rinaldi. Air traffic controllers----    Mr. Rinaldi . Fully certified----    Mr. Rinaldi. Well, listen. I am not comfortable with the----    Mr. Rinaldi . FAA, that they could actually get us our numbers back up to speed. And so, what we are trying to do is make sure we have stable, predictable funding, to make sure that we still continue to hire controllers. And we--quite possibly in this process we can break down the lines of business and the stovepipes within the FAA that really don't want the end result, don't focus on the end result, they just focus on their task.    So HR in the FAA are concerned about processing applications, they are not concerned about the other road to make sure that we are getting fully certified air traffic controllers down into our facilities.    Mr. Rinaldi. We do run a safe system. We could always be safer. I don't want to rest on our laurels.    The budget constraints with the FAA, and the fact that they don't want to expand into new technology such as remote towers--we have an airport in northern Virginia, Leesburg Airport, runs about 125,000 operations a year on a one-runway operation. It is close to Washington Dulles, and it is very close to the Washington, DC, airspace. The Commonwealth of Virginia and the town of Leesburg have been asking for a control tower there, and the FAA doesn't want to expand their services. This is where I think we should be focusing on expanding services out there, to ensure that we have increased the safety of the system.    Mr. Rinaldi. That is correct. But what we are looking at is making sure that we are expanding the safety modules, and implementing new technology so we can enhance the safety of the system.    Mr. Rinaldi. I think if we could streamline the bureaucratic red tape of the FAA, and give us a stable, predictable funding stream, we would be able to enhance the safety of the system.    Mr. Rinaldi. Well, I think that, you know, if you just look at the uncertainty of the funding--and as we approach a possible shutdown or a deadline that something has to pass, the agency actually stops focusing on the modernization projects, and they actually start to scale back, just in case they go into shutdown mode. They dust off the manuals, and everybody starts going--everyone is focused on the potential shutdown.    So, even though we may have only had 15 or 50 days--whatever the quote was earlier about shutdowns--over the last couple decades, it is the threat of the shutdown that leads us up to as we start scaling everything back and preparing and making sure that we would be able to run with--you know, on a barebone basis with the shutdown.    So, the uncertainty loses much--so much more productivity as the issues nongermane to the safety of the National Airspace System are being thrown around back and forth in----    Mr. Rinaldi. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Rinaldi. Appreciate it.    Mr. Rinaldi. I don't know, and I did not send out a memo that said to my membership that we were going to have a shorter workweek.    Mr. Rinaldi. From when?    Mr. Rinaldi. No.    Mr. Rinaldi. We did two telcons this week with our membership, where they were--had many questions. What--maybe it wasn't captured correctly.    Mr. Rinaldi. What I did say is around the world they work a shorter workweek than we do.    Mr. Rinaldi. We work the most amount of hours, the most amount of airplanes----    Mr. Rinaldi. So here is the thing. You asked the question do we want the lowest cost of unit. What we want to make sure is we run the safest, most efficient system in the world. That is what the air traffic controllers want. I am not worried about the lowest cost of unit.    But what I am worried about is our current environment. And I applaud you for working with us, knowing that status quo is unacceptable, and knowing that we would never support a for-profit model. So anything that falls in between that, we are willing to work with you and the chairman and the committee on anything that works there.    My goal is to make sure we continue to run a safe and efficient system, we staff our facilities, we build new, modern facilities, and we have modern equipment to run the aviation system into the future. Currently, right now, we are hanging on. But if this continues down the same path that we have done for the last 10 years, we are going to struggle, and we are going to have to reduce capacity, because we just want to have controllers to open up positions.    Mr. Rinaldi. And a lot of----    Mr. Rinaldi. Well, it would be kind of schizophrenic, because I am going to be working--I am going to be representing a lot of the members that stay behind in the FAA.    Mr. Rinaldi. Because I am--they are still members of our union. We will be working those issues. I will still be coming to you and asking you for appropriations to make sure we----    Mr. Rinaldi . Do this thing----    Mr. Rinaldi. Into a whole--like I said, we applaud your efforts, and----    Mr. Rinaldi . We are willing to work on anything that is not status quo----    Mr. Rinaldi . And anything that is not for profit.