    Mr. Miller. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    General Flynn, in 2002, the authorization for use of military force basically said the President is authorized to use the Armed Forces of the United States as he determines to be necessary and appropriate.    Why do you think we now have an AUMF before us that puts restrictions on it on things that the President claims he can do without an AUMF?    General Flynn. I guess my answer to that would be, whatever the decision is between this body and the executive branch of government, we have to make sure, in one sense, we have to play our cards very close to our chest, meaning don't discount any option that the United States of America has by telegraphing what those options are or are not going to be, you know, we are not going to commit troops or we are not going to do this or that. So I just think that we have to play a very smart card game with the AUMF.    I think on this AUMF thing, though, is that, like I said, that is not a comprehensive strategy. That is a component of something that we need. And, like I said to the chairman, we have to make sure that when we lay this out to our military forces, primarily, and, to a degree, some inside of our intelligence community, that they have the full authority to be able to execute the tasks that they are going to be assigned. Otherwise, you know, you are tying our hands behind our back, so to speak, and we are slowing the system down through unnecessary bureaucracy.    Mr. Miller. Thank you.    Dr. Lynch, do you really think that a group of barbarian thugs who would make a fellow human being kneel down before them and cut their heads off really care if they are marginalized? Or do you really think that a group of barbarian thugs who would put a fellow Muslim in a cage, douse him with gas, set him on fire, and watch him burn to death really care if they are marginalized?    And if you think that, how long do you think it will take for this marginalization to take place?    Mr. Miller. And that cost is?