    Mr. MacArthur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You each are overseeing facilities within one of the branches of our Defense Department. And I am interested whether that matters, that you stay within that particular branch, or whether all healthcare facilities within the MHS could be managed together, which has been recommended.    And I would like to know, beyond parochial concerns, I would like to know why you think one or the other is more effective for our primary objectives.    And we will start with you.    Colonel Littlefield. Yes, sir. Thank you.    I think, at the end of the day, I think my panel members would agree, we are pretty much blind to who we are providing care to, as far as our sister services. We treat, you know, Marines, Navy, Army all across, even in our facility. And so I think that is the bottom line, is the provision of care and excellent care and how we do it.    Mr. MacArthur. What about on the other end? Does the oversight within a particular branch matter?    Colonel Littlefield. Ultimately, I don't think so. I think providing the care, maintaining the readiness for our members, maintaining the readiness for our team members themselves, the medics that need to go out and be ready, and maintaining the care for our family members, dependents, and retirees is the factor that we are looking into.    Mr. MacArthur. Okay. Thank you.    Captain Freedman. Congressman, thank you for that question.    In Navy Medicine, as we move forward with readiness, jointness, and value, there are many initiatives that are taking place where we are doing best practices and sharing of resources. We started in Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune an Eastern Carolina Healthcare Consortium, where we have brought together the leaders from Womack Army Medical Center, Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, their clinic there, as well as the VA, to see what we can do to better coordinate care and share resources.    However, there are some service-specific things, and the important part of that readiness mission can't be overstated. We are embedded, and the Navy-Marine Corps relationship is so strong. We go to combat together. We have to understand each other's operations and missions, and we have to be trusted partners in leadership.    And aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, we are very fortunate to have incredibly strong leadership, but bring us in on a lot of decision-making that occurs right there on that Marine Corps base, brings that Navy hospital, makes sure that our training is together, our providers work together, they go to war together, they come back together. And there are a lot of specific service-related times where Navy Medicine is called for the Navy-Marine Corps team.    Mr. MacArthur. So that service alignment matters is what I hear you saying.    Captain Freedman. It does, sir.    Colonel Place. Sir, I think I am in a unique position. I am in a multiservice market that has Army, Navy, and Air Force in it. So Joint Base Lewis-McChord, ``McChord'' is for McChord Airfield, so there is the 62nd Air Wing there, kind of an important unit in the Pacific Northwest, as well as Naval Hospital Bremerton and Naval Hospital Oak Harbor.    So I am the tertiary referral hospital for the two Navy facilities and actually provide facility space and oversight and IT and logistics and so forth to the Air Force facility that actually is part of a wing of a clinic that we have up on McChord Field, on that side of the base.    So I would answer it this way. The clinical care doesn't matter. So when you look down from us, it doesn't matter. It is doctors and nurses and so forth applying their skills. That is consistent across all of us. We have the same measures for quality and safety and so forth.    Where it gets a little bit unique is then, when we talk to line commanders about, you know, what does readiness mean and how do we get there and the nuances of the mission, that becomes important, that we speak that language. And there is some service identification with that.    The bigger challenge really, I think, for all of us is that we need consistency from us up for policy funding, all the rest of the things, that if they change a lot, that becomes a problem. And there are some very unique things about each of our services in how we receive that kind of guidance and information.    So I think, from here up, it gets a lot more complicated, but from where we are down, it is pretty straightforward. It is clinical care. And we can do that regardless----    Mr. MacArthur. Just so we have time for the----    Colonel Heimall. Sir, my situation is a little bit more complicated than Colonel Place's, in that we are a joint facility, and I do not have any of the traditional command authorities over the Army, Navy, or Air Force personnel that work at Walter Reed on a daily basis.    And one of the things that I have learned is, as you get more senior and your organizations get larger, you rarely have all the authorities that you want to do your job effectively, and the premium is built on relationship-building and consensus-building to accomplish the mission.    And that is really what we have done, I think, exceptionally well within Walter Reed and the National Capital Region Medical Directorate, given the fact that, as a Defense Health Agency subordinate, we don't have those traditional authorities that my counterparts at the table do have.    Mr. MacArthur. Your dilemma sounds a lot like Congress.    I yield back.    Mr. MacArthur. Actually, I want to give you a little more time to unpack that, because I think that is an interesting idea. And I agree with you, but there is a sort of unspoken side to what you just said about beefing up these facilities, these major care facilities, and getting all these disciplines there, recapturing care. And the other side is the many, many other facilities in the MHS that are not of that size.    And so what do you think has to happen to those? Do they have enough critical mass, in your view, to provide value? Or is there a different model that should be used in those non-concentrated areas?    Colonel Heimall. Sir, I think we are already doing that. I know the Army has gone through this recently, at looking at a number of their smaller facilities. The MHS modernization report, which I don't think any of us has seen, is still working through staffing in the Department and is coming to you for review shortly.    I think it really becomes location-dependent. Colonel Place and I both served at Fort Campbell, Kentucky. I think we would have the opportunity and the density to be able to do that at a place like Fort Campbell. I think Lejeune is probably a similar size, and so I will allow Rick to tell you whether or not he could do that in his facility.    But I think there is a density and a size, and we have to be able to look at that from a, first, is it sustaining the readiness capability that we need at that location and with those deployable forces, and then does it make good business sense for us to be able to provide that there.    Mr. MacArthur. While you are talking, I want to follow up on my prior question from the last round. And I heard different perspectives from all four of you on how important it is for individual facilities to be within a specific branch of the Defense Department. You suggested that it is difficult because, if you are in one branch or not, you are in a place where you have to do a lot of collaborating with others, and you have to focus heavily on the softer side of management, the relationship building, the managing up and down and sideways, to get things done that you may lack specific authority to get done.    What qualities, what management qualities, would we need in commanders of facilities that we are not--if they were moved--and I am not implying we will, but if they were moved to a combined medical command as opposed to being aligned within each service, what qualities would you need in commanders that have to navigate that world?    Colonel Heimall. Sir, I think you need the same skill set. The premium placed on my soft skills, my negotiating skills, consensus skills, that I have to use every day at Walter Reed are really not much different at all than what I had to do at William Beaumont or that I had to do at a much smaller MTF at Fort Riley, Kansas, as the commander.    I think when you have reached the colonel-level command and really some of the lieutenant colonel commands, you have got to have those soft skills to be able to get done what you need to get done.    Mr. MacArthur. Okay.    Switching to recapturing patients, particularly at some of the facilities where there is enough critical mass to do it, are there any specific--and I will look to others of you now--are there specific incentives that we could offer that might encourage people to access the MTF instead of private-sector care?    Captain Freedman. Congressman, I think we are doing a lot of those right now. And it may even be on the softer side, of incentivizing. With the patient-centered medical home and putting the patient in the center of the care, really partnering with them and, as my colleagues were talking about, having them being part of our mission, we have really brought people back to our institutions, probably each one of us, in unprecedented numbers. We have had a 30 percent increase in enrollment at Lejeune. We have doubled the size of our retiree beneficiaries, which has helped with acuity in our cases.    So I think really partnering with them and really discussing the benefits of not a fee-based system and doing health care, not just leaving with a prescription. There are often questions about why don't we have a big billboard that says, ``Four-minute wait in the ER.'' Now, that is because our ER physicians are phenomenal and our ED is great, but that is not patient-centered----    Mr. MacArthur. Could I ask you to follow up and show the statistics that you are alluding to and then some of the things you have done that you believe have caused that recapture. Because that is at the heart of one of the things we are looking at.    I yield back.    Captain Freedman. We would happy to share that, Congressman.    Mr. MacArthur. Thank you.