    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And Chairman Chaffetz, I want to thank you particularly for mentioning the valor that is routinely shown by agents of this Secret Service, in particular and especially a young man that you mentioned from Scranton, Pennsylvania, in my district. Today, the U.S. Secret Service is proud to note that its own Sergeant Technician, William Uher, from Scranton was presented by DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson the Secretary's award for valor, which is awarded for displays of exceptional courage. Of course as the chairman mentioned, young Mr. Uher actually pulled an accident victim from the Baltimore-Washington Parkway, an accident, pulled a victim from a burning vehicle. And it was later determined that that victim would have been unable to extricate himself without William Uher's help.    So we are exceptionally proud of William Uher in Pennsylvania today. We are also proud for him coming in 30th in the Scranton half marathon last month, covering 13.1 miles in less than an hour-and-a-half. I wish I could do that.    Mr. Roth, we are here to talk about failures of the Secret Service, though. And it's a dour duty that you have to talk about some of the downsides of things that we've seen in the Secret Service. Your report concludes, ``Both Connolly and Ogilvie had a duty to report the incident to their superiors, but did not do so.'' Is there a policy requiring them to self-report incidents of this nature?    Mr. Cartwright. Can you explain the policy?    Mr. Cartwright. All right. Now, you found that other officials within the agency knew about the incident and failed to alert senior leadership. In particular, you found, ``Both Uniformed Division Deputy Chief Dyson and Uniformed Division Chief Kevin Simpson were notified that night that two agents had been drinking and had driven into an evacuated area, and each could have reported the incident.'' Is that correct?    Mr. Cartwright. And why didn't they report the incident?    Mr. Cartwright. Who should Deputy Chief Dyson and Chief Simpson have reported to?    Mr. Cartwright. All right. Now, according to your report, Chief Simpson is the most senior Secret Service official who was aware that Mr. Connolly had been drinking when he and Mr. Ogilvie drove into the evacuated area. What was his explanation for Chief Simpson failing to report this information to anyone else?    Mr. Cartwright. Well, I don't think there is any acceptable reason for failing to report a clear incident of misconduct of this nature. The Secret Service has to make it clear that reporting misconduct is not optional. Employees are required to report potential misconduct right up the chain of command. Mr. Roth, I thank you for your important work on this matter. And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.