    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is nice to see you again.    I realize this is a difficult hearing, Administrator McCarthy, but we all want the same thing: we do not want to have these kinds of issues and mistakes going forward    Quite frankly, I personally appreciate EPA's attitude about taking full responsibility. But, for the 3 million gallons of toxic--and I am sure that everyone has repeated this over and over again--into the Animas River and surrounding area. I really want to focus my question on making sure that we are as holistic as possible about identifying just exactly what the harm is, how we identify and address that harm, and how we assess the long-term impacts.    Specifically--and I hope that President Begaye from the Navajo Nation will forgive me for this, because, as he spoke in his testimony about the Navajo principle of Hozho--it is very important, I think, not to overlook the beauty, order, and harmony of these very beautiful, pristine areas. In the legal context, if we do not deal with actual damage and future damage, and make it completely whole, then it cannot be available for the kinds of economic and personal activities that we know are critical to this entire area and region. I know that that is going to be a complicated process, to place a monetary damage from this kind of spill that are more--traditional damaged crops, suspended outdoor recreation and tourism. I am looking at making sure that we restore the area to its original aspect, and the potential that it had prior to the spill.    Can you talk to me a little bit about how you are going to identify both the long-term impacts that are yet unknown, and about how you are going to encompass this Hozho, if you might, aspect that we are interested in getting full compensation for in this entire region for all the states that are affected?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. So you--oh, I am sorry.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Not only more important--I am going to reclaim my time, Administrator--but also there is a culture of mistrust.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Not just for all trust responsibilities, but a specific culture of mistrust between the EPA and our nations. Particularly in this case, I hope, again, I do not overstep my authority here, but particularly for the Navajo Nation.    I am expecting in that plan, Administrator, that you identify very specifically monetary aspects and monetary damages related to the long-term impacts. While I completely respect that you are looking at the continuation of environmental problems--which is absolutely your job, and I want you to do that job as effectively as you can--I want everybody made whole. And I am not feeling as confident about that, particularly.    In your plan--because I am running out of time--I am going to need you to address how individuals process their claims and what you are going to do to make that a non-painful process. The unemployment rate of the Navajo Nation is upwards of 42 percent. People cannot wait and wade through a terrible, bureaucratic aspect to process, file, and wait for their claims. And to use all of our collective offices--I see my colleague here, Congressman Pearce--to try to do the appellate work that I am sure will be necessary to get fair review. You have just a few seconds to assure me that we are going to do that.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you.    The Chairman. You can still go for 7 seconds, if you want. I am kidding.    Mr. Newhouse.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much for your patience, and providing me the last word, if you will, which is actually quite an honor. I get to start by thanking the panel and by all of you being incredibly aware and involved in doing everything we can to help clean up, and also look at how we mitigate these kinds of issues in the future, and also address the long-term impacts.    I have a couple of questions, and the first is actually to our own Secretary of Environment for New Mexico, Secretary Flynn. I am delighted to have you here, and I can tell you that--and I am sure the committee heard--you were very involved from the very beginning. As soon as you received notice, your office has been instrumental in assisting the EPA, but also New Mexicans, to address these issues and figure out what we do, going forward.    And although the data is showing that the surface water contamination is now back to pre-spill levels, we know that the concentration of arsenic, cadmium, lead, and many other heavy metals actually settled to the bottom of the river; and they can be, then, as a result, mobilized, depending upon a variety of factors, frankly, at any time.    While I would love to control--and I am sure you would, too--the natural flow of rivers and sediment movement and weather conditions, I think it is critical that we prepare for the long-term environmental consequences and impacts. We need to continue to monitor and to collect data, and to do the research, so that we know that we are protecting the long-term environmental and health impacts for New Mexicans and the other states' surrounding populations.    Secretary Flynn, I know that you are working with a coalition of stakeholders. I want you to tell us a little bit more about that, and how I can help you make sure that you keep that coalition together to continue their important work.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. And your opinion, Secretary Flynn, is that if left to its own--and I understand that the financial implications for the Federal Government are significant, but it is their responsibility--that if we do not push for that issue, that there may not be those kinds of investments. Representing, as we both do, a very poor state, the notion that we can pick up a $200,000 or $300,000 annual effort--and I may not get that number right, so correct me and clarify, please--that needs to be in their plan back to us, about how they propose to continue to monitor and assess the environmental and health impacts of the spill.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Right. I am running out of time, and I totally agree with you.    I just want to make sure that I thank, again, President Begaye and your incredible work. I am very upset that the EPA took even longer to notify the Navajo Nation. I appreciate the work by our two Senators to look at notification legislation; and, because I am running out of time, perhaps the best thing is that I intend to support you.    I think there will be many Members of Congress, and I hope it is a bipartisan effort, to require the EPA to have much better relationships and a government-to-government, recognizing the sovereignty of the Navajo Nation. You should expect from your Federal Government and the state that level of one-to-one collaboration, so that you have your plan, your efforts, and your own independent process; and that should be respected and supported, sir. You are welcome.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. I am sure private citizens hope that same thing will take place. Let me thank the four witnesses for being here. I appreciate the long distance you have traveled, for how long you have stayed here.    Your written testimony is part of the record. Your oral testimony and answers to these questions were excellent. I appreciate the detail in which you did that.    There may be other questions that Members may have of you. We will keep our record open for 10 days. If there are questions, we may ask for your written responses within that time period, as well.    Again, we thank you for your testimony. I promise you that both committees are not going to let this issue go through the cracks. We are going to maintain it until we get some definitive answers and some changes before we go forward.    So, with no other business, and without objection--and since I am the only one here, no one is going to object to it--this committee stands adjourned.