    Ms. Grover. Good morning, Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Rice, Chairman McCaul, and other Members and staff. I am pleased to be here today to discuss TSA's implementation and oversight of the aviation worker program which TSA and airports use to determine whether airport workers pose security threats.    TSA, in collaboration with airport operators and the FBI, completes applicant background checks, known as security threat assessments, for airport facility workers, retail employees, and airline employees. In general, security threat assessments include checks of an applicant's criminal history, immigration status, and known links to terrorism. TSA and airport operators have different responsibilities within the process.    Airport operators collect applicant information and send it to TSA for the security threat assessment. TSA reviews the results of the terrorism and immigration checks to determine if the applicant meets the eligibility criteria for holding an airport credential. TSA transmits the results of the FBI criminal history check, which contains information from a National fingerprint and criminal history system, back to the airport operator for review. Based on this information, the airport operator evaluates the criminal history to identify potentially disqualifying criminal offenses and then makes a determination of eligibility. The airport also enrolls approved applicants and issues a credential providing for access to secured areas of the airport.    TSA has faced long-time challenges obtaining the necessary criminal history information to accurately assess aviation workers. In December 2011, we found that limitations in the criminal history checks increased the risk that the agency was not detecting all applicants with potentially disqualifying criminal offenses. For the purposes of accessing FBI criminal history records, TSA is considered a non-criminal justice requester, similar to that of a private company conducting an employment check on a new applicant. As a result, the information that TSA received on aviation work applicants was often incomplete.    For example, at the time of our report, TSA did not have access to many State records with information on sentencing, release date, and parole or probation violations. We recommended that TSA and the FBI jointly assess the extent to which this limitation posed a security risk and consider alternatives. TSA and the FBI concluded that the risk of incomplete information could be mitigated through improved access to State-supplied records. The FBI has since reported expanding the criminal history information that is available to TSA for these security threat assessments.    Our remaining vulnerability, as others have noted this morning, is that until recently, TSA did not conduct periodic criminal history checks of airport workers after they had been hired. In fact, workers who maintained continuous employment with the same airport authority did not undergo any subsequent criminal history checks.    In April 2015, TSA changed this policy by requiring periodic criminal history checks of all credentialed airport workers with unescorted access to secure areas of the airport. According to this requirement, TSA will conduct these checks until they are able to establish a system for real-time, recurrent criminal history checks, similar to the way that TSA conducts recurrent vetting against the terrorism database for their aviation workers.    In conclusion, with more complete and updated information about applicant and current worker criminal histories, TSA and airports are better positioned to detect all individuals with potentially disqualifying criminal offenses. TSA's new requirement to periodically conduct criminal history checks of their aviation workers is a positive interim step while TSA and the FBI work toward full implementation of the FBI's Rap Back service, which is intended to provide TSA and the airports with real-time criminal activity monitoring.    Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Rice, Chairman McCaul, this concludes my statement. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Grover. So this has been a topic of discussion for many years. The Compact Act from 1998 is what set the requirements for requesters that were considered to be having criminal justice access versus non-criminal justice access.    When we did our work several years ago, TSA's position was that they didn't really fit neatly into either one of those categories. It was their position that the non-criminal justice access records wasn't meeting their needs, which it clearly was not because at the time they only had access to information from about 15 States and really didn't have the information that they needed to make a complete determination of eligibility.    They have worked with the FBI. In the past, the FBI has determined that they are not eligible for the different status of criminal justice requester and has expanded the database. So I believe now they have access to information from about 41 States. That certainly comes much closer to meeting their needs.    Miss Rice. Okay. But that is not going to be complete until they have access to all 50 and they are treated, for all intents and purposes, like a law enforcement agency. So we have to deal with that change. Okay. So you answered the second question I was going to ask.    Ms. Fitzmaurice, one of the first things that you said in your testimony was that the vetting process by the TSA has been found to be effective, whether that is Mr. Roth's finding or your finding. I have got to tell you, just sitting here, how is it possible that anyone can come to that conclusion when we are talking about all of these deficiencies?