    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    For several decades now, the federal government has looked to the private sector to provide services and supplies for its day-to-day operations. As such, a vibrant industrial base has become essential to the U.S. economy and our national security. It comes as no surprise to those in this room that small businesses are at the heart of the supply chain. With a strong presence in a variety of different industries, from construction to manufacturing, small businesses continue to play a vital role in providing our government with goods and services. In order for this sector to continue its resurgence, we need to ensure that small businesses are able to compete both globally and here in America.    Here at home this means ensuring that small firms can gain access to the nearly $500 billion federal procurement marketplace. Numerous policies and protections have been put in place to ensure their continued participation in this arena. This includes goals, set-aside programs, and the assignment of federal personnel to work on behalf of small contractors. Many of these initiatives have evolved over the years to reflect the changing needs of small firms. In many regards, these efforts have paid off as small businesses last year won nearly $100 billion in awards. However, it appears that we have stalled, and in many ways the goal is becoming a ceiling rather than a floor.    And with regard to set-aside programs, we continue to see over and over again non-small businesses gaining access to small business awards, whether it is HUBZone, service disabled veterans, or 8A awards, we need stronger protections to keep bad actors out of the federal marketplace or trying to gain access to federal contracts that were designed for small businesses in the first place.    Another trend is occurring that may also impact small contractors. Data shows that the average contract size is increasing. On first take, this appears to be promising as larger contracts might be more profitable for small companies. However, it might suggest that more contracts are being consolidated, resulting in fewer opportunities for small businesses. I am particularly interested in the witnesses' perspective on this during today's hearing.    What is important for this committee to keep in mind is that these developments are part of a bigger picture, which is that the federal procurement marketplace is always evolving. Whether it is sequestration, reductions in federal procurement staff, or the rise of multiple award contracts, there will always be new issues for small businesses to overcome. And against this backdrop, we must ensure small businesses are not left behind and that procurement laws evolve with this changing landscape.    During today's hearing, I look forward to learning about the challenges facing small contractors and possible solutions. Doing so is not only essential for small firms and our nation's industrial base, but the economy overall. Small firms bring new ideas to the table which in turn generate new jobs and even new industries. Taken together, this is a key part of what has made the U.S. the leader in today's economy.    I thank all the witnesses for being here today, and I yield back the balance of my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. I guess that you started out on the wrong track today.    Mr. Chairman, it is my pleasure to introduce Mr. Andrew Hunter. Mr. Hunter is the director of the Defense-Industrial Initiatives Group and a senior fellow for the International Security Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies here in Washington, D.C. He focuses on issues affecting the industrial base, including sequestration, acquisition policy, and industrial policy. Prior to joining CSIS, Mr. Hunter served as a senior executive at the Department of Defense, including as chief of staff to Ashton B. Carter and Frank Kendall, while each was serving as under-secretary of defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics.    Welcome, Mr. Hunter.    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Mr. Hunter, in evaluating the awards to small businesses over the last few years, there seems to be a trend in which the dollar value of small business contracts has increased. What effect does this concentrated dollar value have on the small businesses' industrial base?    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Do you think that bundling has a lot to do with that?    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Thank you. Thank you.    Mr. McNerney, during its pilot program of reverse auction, the Corps found that the process might move too quickly for competitors to actually reassess their costs or the way they will actually do the work. There have even been reports in which the buyer had to step in to prevent a supplier from meeting a price that would harm the company. Do you believe that contractors are actually able to perform the contract at the price they beat or are some of them putting the viability of their company at risk?    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Do you believe then that some of the same concerns that we see in construction reverse auctions will exist in other industries?    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Right. Okay, thank you.    Mr. Hunter, the contribution of small businesses to R&D has long been recognized as critical to our economy and national security as these firms have developed some of the most innovative technology. You noted in some areas of your testimony the decline in R&D contracting at the Department of Defense, indicating that this is a worrisome trend that is incompatible with achieving national objectives. Can you explain this statement and what this trend means for the industrial base?    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. But let me ask you a last point. Given the fact that when it comes to R&D spending, the agency has so much flexibility. How can we reverse that trend?    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Yes, I would like to go back to Mr. Hunter. We are now reviewing the budget for Fiscal Year 2016. In your testimony you mentioned that your data shows small business contracting numbers increased in the last fiscal year, despite the cuts imposed by sequestration. Can you give us an explanation as to why that happened? What can you tell us regarding the spending levels that are proposed for Fiscal Year 2016 and whether they represent a significant risk for small business growth?    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.