    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the gentleman, and we will, because Mrs. Lawrence has a markup, we will give her 5 minutes to ask questions first.    So thank you very much for your testimony, Mr. Kornze, and now Mrs. Lawrence, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the gentlelady. The gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Gosar is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the gentleman and I will now take my 5 minutes. Thank you, Mr. Kornze, for joining us today.    I want to start by visiting about the coal lease sale moratorium. Even with the leasing moratorium in place, you and Secretary Jewell have suggested that some leases might continue and that some leasing could take place under certain circumstances.    Can you provide some more assurances that some lease sales will be completed, and when?    Mrs. Lummis. Now I want to shift to oil and gas. We had given you authority to do online leasing. Hopefully, that would alleviate some of the concerns that you have expressed that you have to cancel meetings because the rooms are too small or the weather is too bad. You mentioned that you are moving forward this summer, but now I heard you say earlier later this year.    Mrs. Lummis. So what does that mean? At one point I had heard, I thought I had heard it would happen this summer. Now I am hearing later this year.    Mrs. Lummis. And what is taking so long?    Mrs. Lummis. You have yet to make the fiscal year 2015 leasing data for oil and gas public. When do you plan on releasing that data?    Mrs. Lummis. As in several months.    Mrs. Lummis. Very good. Thank you. Some State offices cover multiple States. There were only three lease sales in New Mexico which has some very high interest areas in the Permian Basin because the Oklahoma field office had a sale. Do you have plans to ensure four quarterly sales occur in New Mexico, Montana, North Dakota, and the other States with Federal oil and gas lands?    Mrs. Lummis. And it was postponed for what reason?    Mrs. Lummis. Was it interest by bidders, or was it interest by opposition demonstrations?    Mrs. Lummis. So are you required to make those bidding sessions public?    Mrs. Lummis. Was the information made available to you earlier that there may be protests, hence, that was not held, that lease sale?    Mrs. Lummis. Well, you mentioned that it was postponed because you had a larger turnout. You anticipated a larger turnout, more interest, so to speak. So in other words, were you tipped off that some protesters were going to come?    Mrs. Lummis. I just find it interesting that a traditional practice conducted in a traditional place would be changed because of a press release a couple of days in advance that protesters intend to come. And protesters would have an opportunity to protest from a sidewalk, not disrupting the specific lease sale.    Mrs. Lummis. And that sounds to me like an over-accommodation of a traditional, normal process in order to accommodate a protesting group. That sounds abnormal to me.    Mrs. Lummis. So the leases that were non-NEPA compliant that were Forest Service issued in the 1990s and then subsequently you had to walk them back because of FBLA requirements, non-NEPA compliant issuances, where were those leases? Do you remember what State they were in?    Mrs. Lummis. And what is their current status?    Mrs. Lummis. And let me ask first before I ask about their status. Had drilling begun in any of them, or were they dormant in pursuit of permitting?    Mrs. Lummis. Okay. And for those where production had begun, is production continuing?    Mrs. Lummis. In those where it had not begun, what is the process of reissuing them in a compliant manner?    Mrs. Lummis. With regard to the pilot office program, we were expecting a report on how that is going with regard to streamlining permitting approvals. That report we expected by February 1. Do you have that report?    Mrs. Lummis. I am going to--now, I am going to switch topic as little bit and ask you some questions about the wild horse program.    Mrs. Lummis. A little bit off the oil and gas topic. Both your State and mine have overpopulations of wild horses. This is a program that continues to vex those who are administering the wild horse program and the States that are trying to protect the quality of the range.    Can you give me an update on what the status is of the program, what options you are considering that would make this program function better for especially for Wyoming and Nevada.    Mrs. Lummis. Well, thank you. It was pretty open-ended because I don't have any better ideas, so I appreciate that. And I want to thank the gentleman for indulging this lengthy discussion. The gentleman, Mr. Palmer, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. I was extremely indulgent with my own time, and Mr. Palmer, I appreciate your being more timely than I was. Do you have any further questions?    Mrs. Lummis. Okay, I appreciate it very much. I have a couple of followup questions, Mr. Kornze, before we let you go. And thank you for appearing this morning in this abbreviated week in Congress.    With regard to the BLM Permit Processing Improvement Act of 2014, how many employees has BLM hired since this became law?    Mrs. Lummis. Okay, I'd appreciate it. We'd love to have those numbers so we understand specifically the exact field offices where hiring of inspectors and other positions have taken place.    Mrs. Lummis. So if we could have it at that level of detail, I think that would be very instructive to us as to the direction that is being taken as this law is implemented.    We also are interested in the allocation of funds to each field office for the previous fiscal year and the accomplishments of each field office relating to the coordination and processing of oil and gas use authorizations. So the question being, and this is a report that I believe the agency is required to have completed. It would be helpful to us to have it completed as soon as possible, or get us even some information as we go into this appropriation cycle so we can better understand the approach that you are taking with regard to human resource allocations----    Mrs. Lummis. --and how this law is being implemented. Has that information been given to interior environment approps? Am I asking for redundant information, or----    Mrs. Lummis. Okay, well, we will do that and we'll ask the staff of this subcommittee to follow up with you in hopes that we can better understand as we prepare our request to the interior environment approps committee that we understand the allocation of human resources in these various offices. And understand the manpower needs and what we hear from our constituents about whether they are being met or not. We would appreciate that very much.    Thank you very much for appearing before this subcommittee today. It is an abbreviated week in Congress, and lots is going on. We're trying to cram 4 days of business into 3, and consequently, everyone is running hither, thither and yon, but your time and attention this morning this deeply appreciated by this committee, and I should probably go to whatever--see if--I guess there's no further business.    The announcements were made about how members have extra time. We've asked you the questions we need to, so there is no further business. We thank you, again. Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.