    Mr. Palumbo. Thank you, Secretary. Thank you, Chairman. I would just like to clarify. The work that the Technical Service Center was doing was on the Red and Bonita Mine, as the Secretary indicated. There was no work, there was no contract for activities related to Gold King Mine until after the incident.    The Chairman. All right. First, technically, I had 33 seconds, so I did not break the rule. Also, I am going to challenge that statement later on.    With that, let me go on. Since I am now out of time, let me go on to Mr. Grijalva.    Mr. Palumbo. Thank you, Secretary.    Thank you, Congressman. I do not believe, in this case, there was a conflict of interest. Mr. Gobla was contacted on July 23 regarding a site visit scheduled for August 14. The incident occurred on August 5. Mr. Gobla did make the trip on August 14, and also subsequent to August 14, to conduct activities related to: one, helping stabilize the mine portal, and two, as part of the independent technical investigation.    Mike Gobla and other members of the Technical Service Center, as well as the peer reviewers, have a high standard of ethics. They have professional conduct requirements that they adhere to. They are licensed professional engineers, professional geologists, and PhDs. I believe they acted independently, with integrity, and without compromise.    Mr. Palumbo. No, he was not involved with the spill.    Mr. Palumbo. Sure. Thank you, Congressman. I believe our report is clear that if EPA, DRMS, or its contractor would have done vertical drilling as they did in the Red and Bonita Mine, that direct verification of pressure or no pressure, this incident would not have occurred.    Mr. Palumbo. I think the report clearly identifies that it should have been done. And if it were done, we would not have had the situation that occurred on August 5.    Mr. Palumbo. Sure. Again, as Secretary Jewell indicated earlier, our scope of work was related to looking at a technical root cause analysis based on our geotechnical engineering expertise. We did not have the authority to compel another agency to provide documents. We do not have the investigative tools to perform that analysis. So we strictly focused on the technical merits of the review.    With respect to the peer reviewers, I----    Mr. Palumbo. Our report captures the discussions that occurred after the event, when we went out to speak with those parties that were involved: DRMS, the contractor, EPA. We stand by the report that we published, that there was consultation amongst those three parties, there was discussion amongst those three parties, there was agreement amongst those three parties; that is why we captured the language we did in our report.    Mr. Palumbo. Thank you, Congressman. I believe we do have a good understanding of the measurements of the mine opening, which is called the portal, as well as the adit itself, the tunnel, if you will, that is beyond the opening.    I am not sure how EPA made its measurements that were in the addendum that was released last evening. We believe that the mine opening and the tunnel itself was approximately 8 feet high prior to the incident. And, due to erosion caused by the mine water release, was eroded to about 10 feet. So that opening, we have a good understanding--we went out on August 14, September 3, and one other time; we have a good physical understanding of the characteristics of the mine opening.    Mr. Palumbo. I am not absolutely certain, but I believe Figure 39 was from EPA's files, and was prepared before the blowout.    Mr. Palumbo. It is not?    Mr. Palumbo. OK.    Mr. Palumbo. I don't know if there was a stinger or pump at the mine site. I will say that these figures in the report--Figures 40 and on--were meant to depict what EPA's plan was, an illustration of how they were going to proceed. That work activity never made it that far because, when the backhoe in Figure 41 breached the top of that rubble, the release began to exacerbate and----    Mr. Palumbo . The whole thing fell.    Mr. Palumbo. Correct.    Mr. Palumbo. It does not contradict that statement. I will note that our peer review process, which included a signature by Dr. Olsen, attests to the technical merits of our report. That was a non-technical matter beyond our scope of work. We understood that work was being done by the OIG, which we believe, in fact, it is being done by the OIG.    Mr. Palumbo. I am sorry, can you repeat that?    Mr. Palumbo. We do not identify that in our report, no. That was, again, beyond the scope of that type of investigation internal to EPA's decisionmaking process.    Mr. Palumbo. Yes, thank you, Mr. Congressman. Thank you, Secretary.    We don't know why EPA did not decide to test the hydrostatic pressure. We do know that they tested the hydrostatic pressure on the Red and Bonita Mine. We do know that they contacted the Bureau of Reclamation and arranged for a site visit on August 14--of course, after the incident, it was no longer needed to go out for that particular reason.    We would have discussed with them the need to test that hydrostatic pressure. We understand that EPA's Office of the Inspector General is doing that investigation internal to EPA, interviewing employees to get to the bottom of that question of why the hydrostatic pressure was not tested. We just know that it wasn't. We would have recommended that it was, just as it was for the Red and Bonita Mine.    Mr. Palumbo. Sure. So a mining engineer--and you also mentioned geotechnical engineering, hydrologic engineering--we have a whole suite of engineers in the number of hundreds of engineers that have that broad expertise--Mike Gobla, in particular, is a mining engineer, a very unique skill----    Mr. Palumbo. All of the peer review documents are currently being reviewed to see if it is appropriate for them to be turned over. We have produced those internally in the Department of the Interior. Our solicitors are looking at those, and are making the determination on the protocols for what could be turned over and what should not be turned over.    Mr. Palumbo. Let me just go backwards, briefly. In 2011, the Bureau of Reclamation was hired by EPA to do consultation on the Red and Bonita Mine. From 2011 through July 23, 2015 we did provide that service. Mike Gobla received the phone call on July 23, asking if he can come out on August 14 to help review the plans to remove the plug.    On August 5, because of the spill, that work dissipated. Mike did honor the request to travel, and so he did go out there on August 14 to help stabilize the mine opening under that earlier Red and Bonita contract. It was 6 days later when the work plan was executed with EPA, pursuant to the scope that we spoke about here today, to conduct the technical investigation.    The Chairman. All right, let me go through this, and this is the point that we are trying to make. He was working with them before and after he did the report on them, which violates standards of ethics and conflicts of interest by both the American Society of Civil Engineers, as well as the Reclamation Department. In your manual, independent peer reviews, it states that, ``persons who are not associated directly or indirectly with the information under review should be involved.''    It presents a question of the independence of the investigation because of that relationship. The contract was on the board as you were mis-stating it earlier.    So, if BOR actually acknowledges that they were financially supporting the Gold King Mine project, is that not a conflict of interest, to investigate a project you are funding?    Mr. Palumbo. We do not believe that there was a conflict of interest. We were not funding that project, we were being----    The Chairman. You were funding that project. By the standards you have already had, that should be considered a conflict of interest. There are questions and problems with the manner and the scope in which this report was given. I am sorry, that is the only way you can get around it.    Ms. Jewell, I have one last request to clear up a lot of what the committee staff needs. If we could speak directly with Mr. Gobla, the person who was in charge of the report, would you agree to arrange for Mr. Gobla to come here and help us better understand this issue?