    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thank you to the witnesses for being here today.    I grew up in a time where I read stories about Dr. George Washington Carver and the amazing things that he did, sort of the man who can make something out of nothing with his research on peanuts and sweet potatoes.    When I was in high school I thought I was just getting out of school for a day but I was very involved in the Future Farmers of America, and I got invited to a conference. It was called the Governor's Conference on Agricultural Innovation. It was hosted by then-Governor Bill Clinton and the special guest was Norman Borlaug, so I got to be a member of that panel. I'm not sure how that happened. If I'd known the significance of it at the time, I might have listened a little bit closer.    But, you know, there was a time when people who did this research and came up with all these great ideas were given Nobel Prizes. There were departments at colleges named after them. They won all kinds of awards and were viewed as heroes, yet today, if you fast-forward, as a Member of Congress, I get a lot of constituent feedback in opposition to the GMOs or any kind of biological research. I did also--I attended forestry school, and the time I was there it was during the--a lot of the genome--human genome research. My undergraduate degree was in biological and agricultural engineering, so I've kind of followed this for a while.    But at the time the human genome was being mapped, the genome of the pine tree was not--or was being worked on but it was about seven times more complicated than the human genome. And I believe in 2014 they finally mapped--or sequenced the pine tree genome with about 23 billion pairs to it. And I know that when you talk about biofuels, if you look at pine trees and you look at the amount of lignin in the tree versus cellulose, you could engineer a tree to make a lot more lignin, which would create more biofuels or you could engineer it to make more cellulose, which would be better than paper. So there are a lot of benefits to this. But also, there seems to be a lot of pushback.    Dr. Dickman, do you believe that gene editing technology is related to crossbreeding or hybridization techniques that have been used for thousands of years, or is it something totally new that we should be afraid of?    Mr. Westerman. And I know from the forestry side there was concerns about Franken-trees----    Mr. Westerman. --you were going to plant these trees and they would take over the landscape.    Mr. Westerman. Right.    Mr. Westerman. But most of these genetically modified organisms, they require more of a specific environment to survive, and in the natural world they can't propagate themselves as well is my understanding of that.    Mr. Westerman. And, Dr. Evans, what are the environmental, safety, and health impacts of genetically engineered plants and animals?    Mr. Westerman. Thank you. Thank you, Madam Chair, for your indulgence.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    And I now recognize Mr. Tonko for five minutes.    Mr. Westerman. I guess that's one way to get to ask another question.    So, Dr. Maxon, you mentioned this briefly in some remarks, but talking about nanoscience, and I was able to tour the Institute for Nanoscience and Engineering Technology at my alma mater, the University of Arkansas. It was very exciting to me, the possibilities there. So I was wondering if the panel could address the opportunities in nanoscience as it relates to biotechnology. And is this an area that needs more research funding?    Mr. Westerman. Dr. Maxon?    Mr. Westerman. Anybody else like to address the nanoscience question?    Mr. Westerman. And, Dr. Serber, just as a quick last question, your work in biofuels, can you describe some of the barriers that exist for bringing biofuels to market? I know there's been a lot of attempts, not really any successful attempts.    Mr. Westerman. Okay. I'd like to thank the witnesses for their valuable testimony and the Members for their questions. The record will remain open for two weeks for additional comments and written questions from Members. The witnesses are excused and this meeting is adjourned.