    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, gentlemen. Just curious, Mr. Rademaker, of the executive agreements that you have cited--there are many--are there any that provide for nuclear nonproliferation?    Mr. Perry. And something as it is, right? I mean----    Mr. Perry. Sure. And it seems to me that, and it is obvious to me and I think many of the American people that this is--this is orchestrated by the administration specifically and expressly because getting the two-thirds approval of the Senate was--it would be nearly impossible and because this is a horrible deal for the region, for Israel, for America and for the world.    That having been said, it seems to me that the whole thing--I am going to call it a treaty because that is what it is to me, it binds the American people--the whole treaty is predicated on inspection and verification.    And with that having been said, just to set the framework or the context up, Iran is party to the NPT, right? You would agree with that, right? They are party to it, and in so they also in signing it they have signed or agreed to the safeguards agreement as a component of being signatory to the NPT, correct?    Mr. Perry. That is correct. So and have they already violated the safeguards agreement that the themselves signed?    Mr. Perry. They absolutely have. So that kind of sets the context. Now, of who we are dealing with and past performance we keep on hearing that they can--the administration can compartmentalize, telling us that somehow that we are dealing with a convicted murderer, a rapist, someone that has been involved in human trafficking but right now we are going to discuss petty burglary and just disavow those other things even though they are on the table. That is not important. We can handle this.    Let me ask you this, Mr. Albright. Who provides intelligence for these suspected sites? Who provides the intelligence for the IAEA?    Mr. Perry. Or not.    Mr. Perry. But the IAEA needs to get its information somewhere. It doesn't have an intelligence wing that is out looking at the satellite photos of Iran?    Mr. Perry. Oh, it is open. I can be looking with Google Earth, right?    Mr. Perry. Okay. Yes.    Mr. Perry. If they are freely roaming the country do they----    Mr. Perry. Sure.    Mr. Perry. Let me ask you this. Are the U.S. capabilities to locate undeclared sites adequate?    Mr. Perry. That is--that is the answer I get is no.    Mr. Perry. Right.    Mr. Perry. But they are being hidden.    Mr. Perry. Actively being hidden. They are not being offered up to us. We have to go find them and that is who we are dealing with.    Mr. Perry. Let me ask you, Iran has refused to allow IAEA inspectors from the United States, Britain and France in the past because, of course, we are all spies. Is this going to--is that circumstance going to change under this agreement, as far as you know?    Mr. Perry. It should, but is it going to, as far as you know?    Mr. Perry. Oh, well, that is good to know.    Mr. Perry. We are dealing with nuclear proliferation and potentially nuclear war so I would rather not guess. Let me ask you this.    The IAEA--you have all professed that it is not the best vehicle for determining violations necessarily from a political context and so it would go to the U.N. Security Council at least is one of the possible avenues, right? Which we have already alluded to including China and Russia. Russia is now selling S-300 missiles to protect these sites.    Is this something that the American people should feel comfortable with knowing that Russia--the likes of Russia and China will be determining whether Iran is in violation of a treaty that allows them to produce nuclear material, potentially nuclear weapons?    Mr. Perry. I concur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.