    Mr. Canoll. Thank you, Chairman LoBiondo, Ranking Member Larsen, and the subcommittee, for the opportunity to be here today.    ALPA recognizes that unmanned aircraft systems, or UAS, can allow us to perform certain tasks more efficiently and safely than conventional aircraft. We also understand the value of advancing America's competitiveness in these technologies. That said, ALPA's overarching concern is one of safety.    This summer the FAA released hundreds of pilot reports on UAS sightings. The FAA numbers show more encounters are happening more often. Noncommercial and recreational UAS operations appear to be the primary source. Here are a few examples: pilots operating an all-cargo flight near San Jose reported a close encounter with a UAS flying 60 to 70 feet to the left of the aircraft. They subsequently described it as four-bladed and X-shaped. As an airline captain, I can tell you if a pilot is able to report this level of detail, the UAS is way too close.    Also, multiple UAS were recently reported by three airliners on final approach to Newark Liberty International Airport. In April, a pilot reported a blue metallic drone pass about 100 to 200 feet under the left wing of the airliner arriving at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.    For pilots, these UAS literally appear out of the blue. They are much smaller than other aircraft. Some UAS do not have lights. They have limited contrast against visual background, and they move much more slowly than airliners. As a result, these UAS are extremely difficult to see in flight.    Mr. Canoll. In this example, you can see how the white color of the UAS blends in with the sky. Imagine trying to detect this UAS while flying at 280 miles an hour.    The number of near-miss events that have occurred in such a short period of time demonstrate the risk. The growth in the use of these systems shows the hazards will only increase. The United States must put safety first. The FAA is making progress, but we need to do more. While work on the final rule regarding small commercial UAS operations is encouraging, the agency must immediately address all UAS operations, including recreational and noncommercial.    ALPA's recommended plan, action plan, has four elements. Number one, education. Anyone who plans to fly these UAS must understand the aircraft, the airspace, and the other aircraft that share it. For those who want to do the right thing, there are resources such as the Know Before You Fly campaign, of which ALPA is a supporter. But we also need to reach, at the point of sale, those individuals who may not yet appreciate the danger. Individuals flying these UAS for recreation must adhere to the FAA guidelines, including any minimum age requirements, maintaining line of sight, and flying under 400 feet.    Number two, registration. Gathering contact information about the UAS purchaser will not only allow authorities to immediately identify the owner, but it will also drive home the serious nature of operating these vehicles.    Number three, technology. If these UAS operate in the airspace intended for airliners, or they could unintentionally end up there, airline pilots need to be able to see them on their cockpit displays, controllers need to be able to see them on their radar scopes, and the UAS must be equipped with active technologies to ensure it is capable of avoiding a collision with manned aircraft. If regulations restrict the UAS from operating in a particular location, the UAS must have technology that cannot be overriden to limit its operations. Penalties for those who deliberately bypass this technology must be significant.    Number four, penalties and enforcement. UAS pilots must be properly trained and understand the consequences of exceeding the operating limitations and the possibility of malfunctions. Anyone deliberately flying a UAS recklessly should be subject to criminal prosecution. Anyone who is operating a UAS and unintentionally deviates from rules and limits should be subject to civil penalty. ALPA welcomes the FAA's recent proposed civil penalty against a UAS operator for endangering the safety of the airspace around New York City and Chicago.    With this four-part action plan, our country can capitalize on the economic opportunities offered by these UAS while maintaining safety. Given the safety risks highlighted by the FAA's recent release of pilot reports, ALPA urges Congress to direct the FAA to regulate UAS operated for recreation and hobby. ALPA stands ready to help the FAA develop these regulations as part of realizing our shared goal of ensuring the safety of air transportation for all who depend on it. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Canoll. So, as demonstrated by the video, visual acquisition is very, very difficult in any aircraft.    Mr. Canoll. Well, we do have terminal collision avoidance systems in the aircraft, commonly referred to as TCAS. But they are equipped to operate to highlight other aircraft who are similarly equipped. So if the unmanned aerial system does not have a transponder on it, S-coded transponder, or isn't ADS-B equipped, it will not show up on our displays in the cockpit at all.    Mr. Canoll. No, I agree. And to differentiate, I thought it was an important point Mr. Hanson made about his members, who I generally believe are responsible operators, and those who are not part of his community who are operating these vehicles. They do have batteries in them, and these are dense, heavy metal pieces that will wreak havoc on aircraft.    When it hits a transport category aircraft, when it hits one, there is going to be a significant event. A significant event. Whether it hits the windscreen, some piece of the flight control system, or is ingested in the engine, this is going to be a significant event. And for the flightcrew, it is going to be a very challenging event to save the aircraft.    Mr. Canoll. It is not my intent to scare anybody here today----    Mr. Canoll . But it is a significant event. OK, so an accident is never the result of a single episode. You can't point to any particular accident and say, ``That was the sole cause of that accident,'' and I believe this is the same thing.    When we look at all the risks that we deal with in commercial aviation on a day-to-day basis, and we have to assign risks to each element of it--weather, traffic, communications, security within the cockpit, cybersecurity--we look for mitigations on every single element of that risk. This is another element to the risk chain.    And should it happen at a time when something else is going wrong, we are already dealing with a possible flight control malfunction, or a challenging communications or weather situation, and then we hit the drone, in some sort of--and always in a critical phase of flight, down below 10,000 feet, which is the highest likelihood of contact, that is when we have the highest risk of an actual accident.    And, you know, I think if you can't point to a single solution to this problem, it has to be a layered effect.    Mr. Canoll. So we don't keep the records that the airline----    Mr. Canoll. So it is an interesting question. And the way we approach it is more or less analyzing the capabilities of the vehicle, vis-a-vis altitude, range, speed, to see if they could actually end up in airspace shared with airliners.    Mr. Canoll. Right.    Mr. Canoll. If it can fly to 1,500, 2,000 feet, yes, sir.    Mr. Canoll. I am not sure if that range is being expressed as a lateral range, or if that is the transmitter range or the actual physical capability. Following lost link at full throttle, would it just continue to climb to 2,000, 3,000 feet?    Mr. Canoll. Well, if the vehicle is intended to be operated in shared airspace, then I think the standard is very close to established, if not already established. And it exists for us, as a pilot, to complete our training, recurrent training, and maintain all our qualifications.    If the vehicle isn't intended to operate in the airspace, then it is a matter of putting proper mitigations to keep it out of the airspace, be it from lost links, so the vehicle just doesn't fly off, or from unintentional blunders into the airspace. And that is the importance of the educational campaign that we all agree on up here.    One element of the educational campaign is we should consider testing, where someone goes online, reads the materials, and takes a little test. That satisfies the parents that the child knows how to operate the vehicle.    Mr. Canoll. Yes, sir. I would love to see--I can't wait to read it, because I think it is a step in the right direction.    One concern would be with the limitation of 2 miles, assuming the reference point is in the middle of the airport, the threshold is 1 mile from that point, the vehicles could be well above me on approach to that airport at that point. Two miles, I am approximately 900 feet off the ground from the end of the runway. So I think it should be a little larger than that, especially at some of our larger airports. If you look at Class B airspace around Atlanta and in Miami, it drops all the way down to the surface as far as 6, 7 miles from the airport. We don't want anyone operating off the surface at all inside Class B airspace, unless they are talking to air traffic control and being controlled by air traffic control.    Mr. Canoll. So there is a redundant set of eyes in the cockpit. And, hopefully, both pilots can lay their eyes on the----    Mr. Canoll. Not always, especially if the aircraft was only down one side of the aircraft for----    Mr. Canoll. You may only get the captain or the first officer's----    Mr. Canoll. And they are small vehicles, and they are moving quickly, we are moving quickly, they----    Mr. Canoll. You have to rely on the pilot's opinion of what he saw. We do see a lot of balloons.    Mr. Canoll. No, sir. No one is asserting----    Mr. Canoll. No, sir, not all of them.    Mr. Canoll. But many of them are in the----    Mr. Canoll. I don't know how many, sir.    Mr. Canoll. Quite a few more, and with the proliferation of the expansion to 1 million more of these, potentially, next year, even if a small percentage of them were UAS, I think we have a problem.    Mr. Canoll. I agree, that the fidelity----    Mr. Canoll. No, sir, that is not the concern with the commercial operations. Operations for remuneration on all modes of transportation, be it a taxicab, an airplane, a sea-going vessel, all require commercial operations----    Mr. Canoll . And that is the basis of----    Mr. Canoll. Correct.    Mr. Canoll. There is a higher expectation of safety when you pay for a service. Yes, sir. There is a safety element, as well.    Mr. Canoll. Currently there exists a criteria for a near-miss report.    Mr. Canoll. I don't believe so, sir, because it doesn't provide any--near what we would need to avoid the collision.    Mr. Canoll. I am not sure we are equipped to do that analysis, sir. But we can----    Mr. Canoll. Yes, sir. We can ask----    Mr. Canoll . And gather as much information as possible.    Mr. Canoll. Well, I think industry, ma'am, as they start to see the value of the test site--because, while I am not a technician, I am not a designer, but the company that comes up with a small, lightweight, universally powered active collision avoidance system that is priced at a point that can be placed on almost any aerial system, that company is going to make a lot of money. And their best place to test these are the existing test sites. So I think it is a good program, moving forward.    Mr. Canoll. So outside of the community base, those who are operating outside of that, the altitude restriction would help. But also, if there was a way to restrict the enabling of the vehicle when you purchase it until a code is put in--you need to get that code, you have to go online and pass a test, and now you know, ``Oh, that is right, I can't go to the airport, because I couldn't get my code without passing the test.''    Mr. Canoll. Well, it is--the information we get is on an anecdotal basis, and then we point our members to the Web site, which helps them refresh their memory on the criteria for a near midair collision report.    Mr. Canoll. And then, if, in their mind--which is the determinative factor in this instance--they believe they had one, we point them to the various links at the FAA, so they can fill the form out and submit the report. That is beyond the report that happens real time, where the pilot says, ``Hey, there's one of those X-wing drones,'' presses the button on his transponder, and calls the tower or the approach control, and says, ``I just observed this,'' and then the controller can say, ``OK, that is a data point for us.''    Mr. Canoll. And can warn the aircraft behind them. That is very important.    Mr. Canoll. So I think it is a multilayered problem. And it is not only the financial penalties for manned aircraft. Straying into restricted airspace will ultimately result in you losing your license to operate the aircraft.    And tracking who is the operator of the unmanned aerial system is difficult. So that is where part of the conflict is. I think we have to look at it--both.    And, you know, I don't know the numbers, either. But I do know we have programs in the manned aircraft community, such as ASAP , where if you make a mistake in an aircraft--we are human, and we do make mistakes--you have a way of reporting it. And that report is gathered into a very large database. And we can do analysis on it. That, to my knowledge, doesn't exist for the commercial operation of unmanned systems. Yet I think it would be a good idea for us to look at it.    Mr. Canoll. I think they are both important. But to have the database of someone who could voluntarily report, ``Hey, I lost command of my vehicle for this amount of time, and I think it was because of this,'' then we can look towards mitigations for the problems that they experienced in the future.