    Mr. JOHNSON. Thank you, sir.    You know, I appreciate you and Mr. Doggett holding this hearing today. Thank you.    As the chairman of the Social Security Subcommittee, I have looked at Disability Insurance programs from nearly every angle and have seen how vulnerable the program is to waste, fraud, and abuse. And make no mistake. Waste, fraud, and abuse in the disability program is a problem, a problem for the American taxpayer and a problem for deserving beneficiaries.    Social Security works hand in hand with a number of other programs that are run by the Federal Government. Because of this, many of the commonsense reforms that I have introduced also affect the program under this subcommittee's jurisdiction.    I have enjoyed working with several of you on legislation to improve these programs, and I would like to discuss a number of them today. First, I want to discuss the Social Security Disability Insurance and Unemployment Benefits Double Dip Elimination Act of 2015.    In a 2012 report, the Government Accountability Office found that, under current law, thousands of people have been able to receive benefits from both unemployment and disability at the same time. Both provide cash to workers, but for different reasons. Unemployment Insurance benefits are there for those workers who have lost their jobs, but are still able to work. However, when a worker is unable to work due to a severe medical condition that is expected to last at least a year or result in death, Disability Insurance benefits are there.    Now, even though disability benefits are there for those who can't work and unemployment benefits are there for those who can work, under current law, someone can receive both at the same time. That doesn't make sense. That is why I introduced commonsense legislation to help preserve Social Security disability benefits only for those who cannot work.    I also recently teamed up with a number of this subcommittee, Congressman Kristi Noem--thank you, Kristi--to introduce the Control Unlawful Fugitive Felons Act of 2015. This legislation is just common sense.    That is why similar bills passed the Congress in 1996 and 2004. Our bill would prevent felons fleeing a warrant as well as probation and parole violators from collecting Supplemental Security Income and Social Security.    The legislation is simple. If you are fleeing prosecution, we aren't going to give you the same benefits as law-abiding citizens. Our bill has built-in protections so that only serious criminals can be denied benefits. And Social Security has the authority to determine whether good cause exists for benefits to be restored when the matter is questionable.    Americans won't stand for criminals getting benefits, especially when Social Security will soon lack the money to pay full benefits. This bill has the support of the Social Security inspector general.    I would also like to thank the law enforcement community in my district for supporting this bill.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to submit several statements of support from the police chiefs as well as the country sheriff from back home.    Mr. JOHNSON. Thank you.    Finally, I have worked closely with the chairman of this subcommittee, Chairman Boustany, on legislation that would help deter, punish, and prevent fraud in the Social Security system.    The Disability Fraud Prevention Act of 2015 would impose additional penalties and charges for those who are defrauding the retirement, disability, or Supplemental Security Income programs. We have seen scandals in West Virginia, New York, and Puerto Rico where fraudsters stole millions of dollars.    The legislation Chairman Boustany and I have produced is simple. If you commit fraud against Social Security, we will punish you and you will repay the money you took from the American taxpayer until it is made whole.    All told, these bills combined would save almost $10 billion. Of that money, $6.5 billion would go to Social Security trust funds. With the Disability Insurance trust fund running out of money in a little over a year, Congress should act on these commonsense proposals. The American taxpayers expect nothing less.    I want to thank Chairman Boustany and Congresswoman Noem for working with me on these proposals. And I want to thank you for inviting me today to discuss with you these important and commonsense measures.