    Mr. Olson. I thank the chairman and welcome Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Davis. One of the early buildout projects is in the eastern end of my district, Harris County, Texas, population four million people, the third most populous county in America, number one in Texas. The last 2 weeks back home have been pretty rough. We had a 100-year flood on Memorial Day, with homes being lost, businesses being lost. Tragically, a few lives were lost, including one woman in my district. And now Tropical Storm Bill has rolled ashore, a little bit south of Harris County. Made landfall about 150 miles south, meaning the worst side of the hurricane, the northeast quadrant, is hitting my hometown directly. We are managing, but we can always use more weapons in this battle. Bill came ashore between Palacios, Texas, a population of 4,661, and Port O'Connor, Texas, booming with 1,253. Those two towns can't respond like Harris County, Houston can to a crisis, and that is why I am so excited about what FirstNet promises. But FirstNet starts with these early builder programs, like in Harris County.    So my question is, Mr. Kennedy, the recently released GAO report recommended that FirstNet develop a plan to better evaluate their early builder projects and capitalize on the experience gleaned from them. What is the status of those recommendations, sir?    Mr. Olson. Have there been real surprises, something that came out of nowhere, whoa, what happened here? I mean, any big surprises, or are things marching along? Challenges, gotten through them, over them? Anything we should be concerned about? Some challenges that came out of nowhere, like--I mean, real world example, right now back home, we have real big problems. FirstNet could be a big part to solving those problems, and so--any idea, if we had some big problems, that--might want to help out us here in Congress, or are you guys doing all right right now?    Mr. Olson. As you build FirstNet through early builders, are there any insights to use actual real world situations, like what we had in Harris County, Texas the past month as a real world example of how this thing can save some lives, get this thing up and running? Any effort to try to include real world examples in your--going forward with the early builder's program, and then FirstNet?    Mr. Olson. And that is important, because most of these homes that were lost and lives lost were lost in small towns. Even--I mean, suburban towns, but small police force, not capable like the big Houston police force, or my police force in Sugarland, Texas, where I live. And so please, please, please, get going, get going, get going, we need this. I yield back.