    Mr. Schweikert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In many ways, Mr. Hill was actually sort of grabbing some of the direction I wanted to go.    My understanding is, as of yesterday, we now have nine running banks that have access to the SWIFT system. How does that work in a world where an institution anywhere in the world now has the traditional backbone moving money through? SWIFT and its charter is supposed to eliminate dodgy actors. But in this case, we know a couple of those nine actually have some really interesting things in their history.    So if you are collecting data, but it is coming through the legitimate backbone--and this may be more for Mr. Mesko with your data analytics background--comes in in a very legitimate platform, but parts of that transaction may be also moving bad actors' money. How do you segment it?    Mr. Schweikert. If you use the term ``frontier markets,'' can I beg of you to go a couple of steps further? Let's use a Hezbollah example where they had some very legitimate-looking front ends that had, what was it, Lebanese banking interests or relationships. In some ways, you just put them back into the mainstream system. How do you identify the bad actors here when the conduit is what the international system uses?    Mr. Schweikert. Dr. Passas, I see you. A little bit of refining. I have a personal fixation that we are allowing our own networks to be used against us.    Mr. Schweikert. Okay. In the last 60 seconds I have, we had some testimony in one of our earlier hearings that the confluence of terrorism, people who were producing fake products, copyright-type infringements, cartels, and in many ways they were using some of the very same brokers to wash money. It was actually a profession.    My question: Professional money laundering, what is the fee structure these days? Are they guns for hire? Do they care whether they are washing and moving money for terrorism or a drug cartel? And how formal are those networks out there now for moving money around for these bad actors?    Mr. Schweikert. And I know I am out of time, but if you look over the last couple of decades, we had a number of terrorism groups that financed their bad activities through opium, through cocaine, whether it be FARC, whether it be in Afghanistan. And so it was almost a bilateral trade mechanic where they were selling an illicit commodity, gaining cash, and then buying their weapons of destruction. So I have a great interest in the movement of both the commodity and the cash.    With that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.