    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Mr. Kubiak, let me address my first question to you. That is to ask you, if you would, to go into more detail about how you intend to expand the visa security program, in other words, what new offices will be involved, how many, what criteria you will use, and what other things you are taking to better vet individuals who apply for visas. But start with the details about how you intend to expand the program first.    Mr. Smith. Where are those four locations?    Mr. Smith. Okay. That is fine.    Then what other steps and areas are in those locations--other than those four, what other steps are you taking to better vet individuals?    Mr. Smith. Thank you. That is helpful.    Ms. Gambler, let me ask you my next question, which is--you are going have a number of individuals who are either wrongly given a visa or who are given a visa and then it is subsequently determined that they are a security risk, new information comes to light, and they should not remain in the United States.    First of all, how many people are we talking about in that category?    Ms. Gambler. So you are talking about individuals who maybe have either overstayed their visa or have some other issue that would mean that we would no longer want them to be in the United States?    Mr. Smith. Right. Individuals who for good reasons you no longer want to remain in the United States.    Ms. Gambler. We don't have good data on that, sir. We have done a body of work on overstays and can certainly follow up and try to give you specific numbers for the record.    Mr. Smith. I am talking about those who you determine are a security risk. Surely you know that number. Right?    Ms. Gambler. When we last looked at the overstay issue, we found that ICE had--or CBP and DHS had identified several thousands of individuals who they needed to look at for some additional risk.    I think, of those that they looked at, there was a small number who were sort of identified for additional investigation because of National security or public safety risks. I think it was maybe within the hundreds. We can certainly give you the specifics for the record.    Mr. Smith. That is close enough. Of those hundreds of individuals who you now think are security risks, how many has the administration moved to actually deport?    Ms. Gambler. We, again, can get you those specific numbers for the record.    But some were found to have already departed the country and some were referred out to field offices for additional investigation.    Mr. Smith. Again, if you just want to give me a percentage, it is fine. What percent has the administration moved to actually send home, to deport, who have been deemed to be security risks?    Ms. Gambler. Through our work, Congressman, I am not sure that we were able to identify that through our work. But we can certainly follow up.    Mr. Smith. We have three administration officials here. Do any of you all know the answer to the question, how many individuals the administration has sought to deport who were considered security risks after the fact? I mean, we are talking about the safety of the American people. Has the administration been seeking to deport any of these individuals? Does anybody know?    Mr. Smith. Is the administration moving to deport these individuals or not?    Mr. Smith. All right. Thank you.    Thank you, Madam Chair.