    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank each of you for being here.    Mr. Esquea, I've got a question that's kind of unrelated to the subpoena from February 17. I don't know about you guys; I don't know what you all do, but I kind of want to base my opinions on my personal experiences. So I want to share a personal experience with you that I had with Secretary Burwell that happened right here in this room in a hearing on March 22--excuse me. The hearing was before March 22. I sent a letter to her on March 22.    Now, we had hearing here with Secretary Burwell. During that hearing, I asked her about office-use compounding of prescription medication. She at that time told me erroneously that it was allowed. And I knew it was wrong, and I cannot tell you whether she did it intentionally or not. I know that you all take oaths, and the only thing we can do on this committee is to hope that you tell us the truth. But she was absolutely wrong in what she told me.    So she told me it was allowed, and I knew it wasn't allowed, and I knew that the Agency was considering what they were going to do in the near future, and I wanted to have input on that. That's why I asked her about it.    So she suggested, she said, have your staff send my staff a letter. In fact, she looked behind her, and her staff said: Yeah, yeah, do that.    That's when, on March 22, we sent the letter outlining our concerns about prescription compounding, about compounding for office use. We sent her that letter on March 22, and I thought it was a pretty responsible timeframe that we did that and asked for a response within 10 days.    Well, on April 11, we didn't have any response, so we called her office: Why haven't you responded?    Well, their response was to my office: FDA, HHS received a letter and will be sending a response as soon as possible.    Well, okay. Yesterday, guidance was issued for this particular situation, for office-use compounding. And in that guidance, it disallowed it.    Now, I still haven't heard. I still haven't had a response. I still haven't had a response from the office yet on this particular issue that I wanted to have input. I am a pharmacist, the only pharmacist in Congress. I felt like, and I feel like, I should have some input on this. Well I didn't. I thought after she testified in this committee--and, again, I can't look into your hearts and tell you: Yeah, you did this intentionally--or didn't.    I just have to believe that when you take that oath, you're telling me the truth. She was wrong, and I knew she was wrong, and yet she said: Let's follow up with staff.    I agreed. And I did that, and yet still the guidance comes out before she responds to me. Now what am I to think? I sit here, and I listen to all of my colleagues talking about the fact that we're lacking communication, and I'm thinking: Yeah, that's been my experience.    Tell me why I shouldn't feel this way. Tell me why I shouldn't agree with everything that's been said here by my colleagues today, that communication is lacking, is suffering. My question is, is it intentional or unintentional? Because I know they're right: it is lacking. I have proof. I have personal proof, personal experience, and that's what I go on. The question is, is it intentional? Did she intentionally not respond to my letter until after the guidance was issued?    Mr. Carter. Well, guess what? It didn't happen. And guess what? The guidance has already been issued.    Let me tell you what happens. I go home, and I'm the Congressman. And people ask, my constituents, they want to know: Why did you all do this? Why did you do that?    And I'm saying: I don't remember doing that.    And then I go and I say: It wasn't us. It was the Agency. It was the Agency that promulgated these rules, that passed these rules, that's having such a big impact, but I got to answer to it. I got to answer to the pharmacists about this. I did my best to have input before it was issued, but I was denied that. What do you want me to tell them? You see what a quandary this puts me in?    Mr. Carter. Let me tell you: That is poor, and I don't appreciate it. Listen, I don't need any help in looking bad. I can do that all by myself. Tell me.    Mr. Carter. You know, I want to believe you. I really do.    Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Carter. I yield.