    Dr. Mason. Good morning, Chairman Bishop and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify on this very important topic.    Unfortunately, little has changed in the Gulf region since my July 2010 study on the economic costs of a moratorium to the Gulf region. That study predicted a roughly $2 billion slowdown in economic activity in the Gulf states following the 6-month drilling moratorium in May 2010.    While it is difficult to disentangle the effect of just the moratorium after the fact, real GDP from oil and gas extraction in the four Gulf states measured in that study fell by $16 billion in 2009-2010, and remains $11 billion below 2009 real GDP in 2011.    Not much has changed for Louisiana in recent years. In 2012-2013, Louisiana real GDP from oil and gas extraction fell 16 percent, and in 2013-2014, it fell another 6 percent. States with more onshore focus grew considerably in 2014, but even the states that did well in recent years can be expected to slow in 2015 due to persistent low oil prices.    Amidst this industry difficulty, the Department of the Interior's BSEE recently published new requirements and procedures related to blowout prevention systems and well control. In strict economic terms, those requirements pose new costs for the offshore oil and gas industry at a time when high-cost production is being pushed out of the industry.    It should come as no surprise, therefore, that a recent American Petroleum Institute study of the potential impact of the proposed rule concluded that, ``Under the new regulations, approximately 690 fewer wells are projected in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico between 2017 and 2030, a 26 percent decline in drilling activity.''    From a pure economic perspective, increased costs should result in lower supply. Regression results in my written testimony suggest, however, that production declines associated with additional regulation may be costlier if there already exists a significant regulatory burden.    The direct results of production declines are, inevitably, fewer jobs, decreased wages, and lower economic growth. These effects will exacerbate competitive pressures in higher education as students, whether studying oil and gas, alternative energy, or compliance, are left without job prospects, and university programs without funding. Those funding shortfalls hurt research into new energy sources. The majority of Louisiana State University's externally-funded energy research is not associated with fossil fuels, but renewables. Moreover, that energy research funding is nearly equal to the total budget provided to the relevant colleges by the state of Louisiana. That research money is plugged back into course development and student support for education and workforce training and related fields.    LSU offers a number of degree majors and minors that are relevant to energy issues. Estimates suggest that almost 3,000 LSU undergraduate and graduate students study in energy-related fields. But program enrollment alone may severely understate the importance of workforce development to students in our region.    For instance, even without a dedicated program, some 18 percent of LSU business school grads go on to work in the oil and gas and energy sectors. Moreover, the college reports that LSU business graduates boast the highest mid-career earnings among peer institutions largely due to that energy industry employment. As a result, the College of Business, like many other academic units at LSU, is launching a variety of programs to prepare students for the opportunities and challenges presented in today's energy sector.    LSU also provides energy-related workforce development in the form of worker safety, continuing education, and various energy specialization programs focused on fossil fuels, as well as renewables. As noted by Mr. Herbst initially, LSU's workforce development programs are a vital component of safety and efficiency in today's energy industry.    In summary, LSU is inextricably intertwined with the energy industry and the Gulf of Mexico. Higher production costs will reduce grant funding, class offerings, and student placements. Further declines in higher education in Louisiana and similar states will be unavoidable. And ironically, a chief casualty of the slowdown will be research into clean and efficient energy sources to replace fossil fuels. I respectfully ask the Members present to please think hard about these dynamics before layering new offshore regulations on Gulf energy production. Thank you.    Dr. Mason. I only measured the shutdown and drilling activity as a result of the moratorium. I didn't go beyond that.    Dr. Mason. Yes.    Dr. Mason. Yes, it becomes a vicious cycle, and as you noted earlier, it creates an entire career track and industry in compliance, with compliance being the new growth industry rather than the actual production.    The Chairman. I would just say, I have 15 seconds. You said the LSU funding comes from renewable energy sources? Did I mishear you?    Dr. Mason. The funding goes primarily toward research in renewables.    The Chairman. Goes to research. Thank you.    Dr. Mason. Although it does come from renewable and other sources that are usually not fossil fuels.    The Chairman. That is OK. I just misheard.    We have time for another round of questions here.    Dr. Fleming.    Dr. Mason. No, absolutely not.    Dr. Mason. That is correct.    Dr. Mason. That is something of tremendous interest to researchers like myself. We are trying to work that out right now. One thing that I do see from this type of proposed regulation, very large regulation coming through in big chunks, as Mr. Fleming referred to earlier, is that it creates an uncertainty on the part of companies bidding for lease rights in the Gulf, an uncertainty that the economics of what they are bidding on may change significantly after the fact. Those bidders will rationally bid down prices, potentially below reservation prices at which the Treasury and the Department of the Interior would be willing to grant such leases.    In the meantime, we have Mexico becoming active in the same Gulf and looking for prices to exploit their own reserves, and it is fairly easy for companies to just move right across the line within that Gulf, within the same ecosystem to, as others noted, a less safe drilling environment. So, I think we are right on that margin.    Dr. Mason. I think we are seeing the economics of the Gulf go south due to over-regulation and other influences, low oil prices, a confluence of factors right now; so this is probably a bad time to move.    Dr. Mason. Sure. That is a well-known dynamic in regulated industries. We are seeing that in financial services now in response to Dodd-Frank, where we are not seeing banks lend to consumers or businesses. We are seeing them beef up compliance in all different areas to meet these thousands of pages of new, unknown regulations that are still not even written. So, we are bound to do the same thing here in oil and gas. It is pretty straightforward.    The Chairman. So, traditionally then, market forces usually drive what the job market becomes. It seems like in the Gulf, the biggest market force now is the Federal Government.    Dr. Mason. Yes. The Federal Government and state governments can become part of the market force, creating job opportunities in what I would view as a somewhat perverse fashion at times, if it is not driving safety on the margin, and we have seen this before.    The Chairman. All right. That could or could not be good. I would appreciate Mr. Herbst saying that you are actually going to be soliciting industry's comments again. That is essential. That is very important.    Maybe to Ms. Davis and Mr. Leimkuhler again. OPEC is purposely depressing oil prices with their policies, and it seems to me it is having a real impact on both small and large businesses, especially here in the Gulf. Ms. Davis, can you just tell me personally how this has impacted the current hiring trends and the business investments in the Gulf?