    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for the honorable way in which you have responded to my request to have this hearing. I really appreciate it, and you've kept your word in helping make sure we had a hearing on this very important topic. I also ask unanimous consent to enter a statement into the record from Anthony Reardon, the national president of the National Treasury Employees Union.    Mr. Connolly. I thank the chair. The Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program, also known as FLTCIP, was created in 2002 to provide affordable long-term care insurance to Federal workers and their families. The program has been administered by John Hancock Life & Health Insurance Company and overseen by the Office of Personnel Management. Although the Federal Government provides benefits to Federal employees, it is paid for by Federal employees with no government contribution.    This past July, OPM announced rate increases in the program that affected nearly all of the 274,000 FLTCIP enrollees. Like many of my constituents, I was shocked to learn that the increases averaged 83 percent, equivalent to an additional $111 per month beyond the current premium that enrollees were paying, and nearly 40 percent of enrollees were actually subject to 126 percent.    OPM has an obligation, it seems to me, to the Federal employees enrolled in the program to provide a service that's affordable. OPM's management and John Hancock's administration of the contract has left many FLTCIP enrollees scrambling to find ways to find affordable alternatives or to pay for the increasing costs of long-term care through other methods, and that raises serious concerns. Many of my constituents are worried about how they will afford to pay increased premiums. Many are retirees on fixed income and a huge increase, which they did not expect and did not plan for, is putting them in a financially untenable position.    Although Hancock provided enrollees with a few personalized rate options, the choices are less than satisfying to most of my constituents. If enrollees choose to keep their existing long-term care coverage, they somehow have to find a way to get the additional money to pay for it. If they cannot afford to pay the increased premium, then they have to reduce their coverage to lower the cost or give it up entirely. Those are not particularly desirable options.    It's important to note that this was not the first rate increase since FLTCIP's inception. In 2009, after Hancock was awarded the FLTCIP second contract, 66 percent of enrollees were notified their premiums would increase by up to 25 percent. Prompted by the alarming increases in FLTCIP premiums in October 2009, the Senate Permanent Select Committee on Aging held a hearing to examine FLTCIP and long-term care insurance in general. Witnesses from OPM and Hancock at that time agree that the misleading language used in marketing materials led enrollees to believe they would not suffer any, much less, egregious increases in premiums. The series of dramatic rate increases over the last two contract terms are propelling FLTCIP premium prices out of reach for the average middle-class Federal employee.    When FLTCIP was established by the Long-Term Care Security Act, it was intended to be an affordable way for individuals to protect against the risk of losing all of their retirement savings because of a long-term illness. It was meant to provide a safety net for Federal employees in old age. During an April 1999 Oversight subcommittee hearing, then representative Joe Scarborough, now a television host, the lead sponsor of the bill, a Republican, stated that he hoped to make long-term care, quote, ``affordable and available to all Federal employees.''    Maybe we should have subpoenaed him, Mr. Chairman.    Today, we have a product that has become unaffordable for most Federal workers. It's clearly deviated from the intent of the Act. However, Federal workers are not alone here. Industry experts are saying that all middle-class Americans are struggling with the same problem. Rate increases and benefit reductions are happening in the private sector too when it comes to long-term care. And nearly all private sector companies have abandoned unlimited long-term care coverage, leaving no long-term care insurance option for those who want to guard against the risk of catastrophic long-term care costs.    I'm concerned about the future of this important kind of insurance, as I know you are, Mr. Chairman. Long-term care insurance was designed to close gaps in coverage. Long-term care costs are not covered by Medicare or health insurance, and Medicaid only covers such costs for low-income individuals. With over 70 percent of people age 65 and older needing some long-term care during their lives and costs of semiprivate nursing homes averaging well above $100,000 annually, the necessity of this insurance seems clear.    John Hancock, one of the few remaining and largest long-term care providers in the United States serving 1.2 million enrollees, has recently announced it will be pulling out of the private sector long-term care market, as I understand it. As options for long-term care dwindle, many individuals rely on their families to provide care. However, family caregivers are becoming scarcer as baby boomers will outnumber caregivers 4 to 1 by 2030. In 2030, this baby boomer will be over 70.    This hearing not only provides an opportunity to look at ways to ensure that FLTCIP lives up to its original promise, but also understand the reasons for the rate increases so we can try to work together to find solutions to address the failing market. This problem affects hundreds of thousands of Federal employees and retirees and millions of middle-class Americans. The market has not solved this problem on its own. And today's hearing cannot be the last on the topic.    Historically, Republicans and Democrats have agreed that when the market is unable to solve a problem, the government has an appropriate role to play in finding solutions that work for American families. I feel strongly that this market failure and the exposure of many Americans to catastrophic costs deserves our attention. We've got to safeguard about affordability and stability of long-term care premium rates for middle-class Federal workers and, indeed, for all Americans.    I thank all of the witnesses for being here. And, again, thank you, Mr. Chairman, for delivering on your promise.    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Connolly. I would ask unanimous consent that all of those named be given the privilege of participating as if they were a member.    Mr. Connolly. I thank the chair. And this conversation is why I requested this hearing and I'm so glad we're having it.    But first, just, Mr. Doughty, are you from Baltimore, Philadelphia, or Canada?    Mr. Connolly. Yes. You speak with a diphthong. O-U-T.    Okay. So, Mr. Doughty, Hancock got out of the private sector provision of this kind of coverage. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. Right. Why?    Mr. Connolly. So it wasn't because people are living too long or getting older. It wasn't even the expense, if I'm hearing you correctly. It was that you just couldn't get the critical mass in terms of making it worthwhile as a marketable product?    Mr. Connolly. I understand. But, I mean, if 50 million customers knocked on your door tomorrow saying we want this insurance, would that change your posture in terms of providing it?    Mr. Connolly. All right. And just, what's the chicken and the egg thing here? Is the reason for the drop in the popularity of the product or the demand for the product because of the pricing or is it just we're just not that interested in long-term care?    Mr. Connolly. Yeah.    Mr. Connolly. Right. Got it.    So, Dr. Cohen, is this a nonviable product given what's happening in the market?    Mr. Connolly. We cannot hear you.    Mr. Connolly. Okay. Go.    Mr. Connolly. And real quickly to get it on the record, because you suggested that in your testimony, is there a precedent for that in terms of the Federal Government getting involved directly in sort of trying to fix holes in the market, in the insurance industry?    Mr. Connolly. There you go. Flood insurance. The Federal footprint is quite considerable. Right?    Mr. Connolly. Right. I'm only establishing on the record, because I'm anticipating arguments in our next Congress on this subject matter that this would be an unprecedented role for the Federal Government. Not true. In fact, the Federal Government has been involved in the insurance market in various and sundry ways, including flood insurance especially, which may be a model--I'm not slavishly devoted to that model, but a model.    Mr. Connolly. We understand.    Mr. O'Brien, my final point. So OPM, other than weeping and gnashing its teeth over what's happening to your constituents, my constituents, Federal employees, and retirees in terms of cost, has OPM come up with any ideas in terms of how we can solve the problem or address the problem or make it easier for those constituents to avail themselves of this kind of coverage at an affordable price?    Mr. Connolly. Well, that's quite a piece of testimony. Thank you.    Mr. Connolly. Please use the mic.    Mr. Connolly. Wait a minute. I'm not sure about that. Barbara and I might compete with that.    Mr. Connolly. Turn on your microphone.    Mr. Connolly. I thank the chair.    Mr. O'Brien, I ran out of time in questioning you, but if I understood your response to my last question to you, it was that OPM has given no thought to recommendations for how to resolve this issue, address the issue, ameliorate the issue. You gave consideration to, in response to Mr. Beyer's questions, parceling out the premium increases and decided against it because you didn't think it would--that would be particularly helpful.    But what about--I mean, we're listening to suggestions from NARFE and from Professor Cohen about some creative ways we could go about trying to address this problem and make it easier for Federal employees, Federal retirees to access this product. I want to give you the opportunity to respond, because is it really your testimony on the record that OPM hasn't given a thought to that?    Mr. Connolly. Please move that closer to you.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you.    Mr. Connolly. But, Mr. O'Brien, it's not my purpose to play Torquemada here, but surely you knew about this hearing, you knew we were planning on this hearing. This is not a new item in the press. It's gotten lots of coverage. You certainly have had feedback from Federal employees and Federal retirees. We certainly have, Ms. Comstock, Mr. Beyer, and myself. And yet you come here emptyhanded. You're open to ideas. The hearing is fascinating, but we have nothing in our kit bag to offer the people we serve. That's your testimony?    Mr. Connolly. Any idea of the timeline when you will do that?    Mr. Connolly. Well, then let me say this to you: I'm the ranking member of the subcommittee, and I'm going to use every influence I've got to make sure you are summoned back to this subcommittee. And at that point, we will expect specific proposals. You owe that to the Federal employees and retirees who count on this product. You're not a passive observer, just responds to the whims of the market with, oh, my. You have an obligation to the people you serve. And you have an obligation to this Congress to come here with concrete ideas about how to ameliorate and resolve this issue. And we will expect that next time we see you, sir.    I yield back.