    Mr. RHEA.--except to keep the flight test activity alive for a number of years in the future.    Ms. VILLA. I have not researched any opportunity, so I have no information.    Mr. KNIGHT. It was just an open-ended question since this is such a huge contract and this is going to go on for 35 years, that you would think that there would be opportunities there.    Again, my homework is specific to us, of how we can change, how we can do better. I think we got a couple of ideas this morning from talking to the woman-owned businesses and talking about the barriers and the issues. We even talked about capital issues that are happening today with crowdfunding, and peer-to-peer, and groups like that that they can raise capital, and some of the businesses had done that. I know that probably does not fit your category at all, but it was a little bit of out of the box thinking there.    Do we have businesses in the audience? I know this young lady has been shaking her head a whole bunch. Every time Ms. Villa says something, she is shaking her head. Here in the area that have had similar problems, similar barriers? You can come on up since I am the chairman.    I can do whatever I want.    Ms. Robison Whitcomb. Good afternoon. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to come speak. My name is Rebecca Robison Whitcomb. I am the owner of She Marine Veteran Supply in Bakersfield. I am a service disabled veteran and small business. After 22 years in the marines and combat tours, I decided to come back home and become a small business owner, and Kern County has been fantastic to me in that way. But I have been trying to make the decision about a move into Federal contracting and how do I get there from here as a retiree and as a small businessperson.    I did participate in the Boots to Business and many of the Small Business Administration education programs to make veterans prepared to be small business owners because we are generally entrepreneurial and opportunistic by nature. And I have noticed just going out to Edwards Air Force Base the answer is, drop off your capability statement, your line card aligned with your NAICs codes, and do not call us, we will call you.    As a small business that is a bummer because that is a 70-whatever mile drive from Bakersfield there, and you are hoping, okay, well, I am still going to look on fedbizopps, and I am going to look for all the regular resources that we have and mine for opportunity. But, as a super micro business that is really just starting, the answer is exactly what these colleagues of mine are saying, that unless you have some kind of coattail experience with another business, you are not going to get to emerge on your own.    Then the State has been giving many different opportunities in terms of access to the marketplace that I think would benefit. To go to your question about specificity is that when you can report participation and you are not just requiring each individual report, but you are requiring the prime to report their disadvantaged business partners and how that goes, and establishing federally reinforceable teaming agreements.    This is exactly what Ms. Villa said. In terms of the high-speed rail, they have decided that they are going to make the primes that win the different discrete contracts report who their small business partners are. I show up to those meetings routinely, and they do not actually want to commit to you because it is a designed build, and so they do not know how you are going to go about it. But you cannot progress in supporting them until you know if you are on the team, and you do not know if you are on the team.    It is a very big stop and start situation, and it is no different when you get into the federal environment. I happened to be given the opportunity to be with one of the 8(a) companies that was nationally recognized as a woman-owned small business. They are coaching me before I am even making the decision to go into the 8(a) program to make sure that it is the right step for me because am I more productive in California because the access to business in California is much greater than in the federal government for a brand new person like me. My company is a very, very small micro business, and I have six employees.    Thank you.    Mr. VALADAO. Do you mind if I ask a question----    Ms. ROBISON WHITCOMB. Yes, go ahead.    Mr. VALADAO. I have known Ms. Villa for a long time and we have talked about other issues before in the same realm. Do you feel when you have an opportunity to talk to some of these or see some of these opportunities, do you feel like you are provided all the information you need to make a proper bid?    Ms. ROBISON WHITCOMB. Occasionally yes. I have had much good fortune with some prime contractors, specifically Manson, even though I do not live on a waterway. Bakersfield is pretty far from a reasonable waterway. But Manson as a large firm has offered a lot of outreach to be able to participate in the RFP process and to be a competitive teammate for them.    Even though you might not be a Manson type person, because I do some construction supply, it gave me that opportunity to go, okay, so how do I write so that I am in support of what the overall advantages are, or how do I make this better coming as a small business. I am not sure what other things I could individually do as a super tiny business. Just what you guys said a little earlier about being so small, like do you have enough money.    I get opportunities every single day that come to my email, that says we want to DBE or we want a DBE to participate in a Cal Trans job, what have you. I call and I say, okay, I am interested, I checked the box, I sent back the email, what is the next step? I do not know. Then now you are past the time to put in your part of the participation, so is that participation actually real? Does it exist?    Mr. VALADAO. Do you feel that they do that just so they could check the box about the woman-owned business?    Ms. ROBISON WHITCOMB. Absolutely. Absolutely, because it takes it to the next step. It is just like anything else. If you do not want someone to come to the party, you give them the invitation the night before. It is. It is absolutely true.    We get to the invitation to the party within 5 days of PB being----    Mr. VALADAO. Due, released.    Ms. ROBISON WHITCOMB.--released--thank you--or submitted, and then you do not have the time to, prioritize that, where is that going to go. My development dollars for proposal writing, you are looking at my proposal writing shop.    That gets really tough because then you go, okay, I am going to call this guy and say is this a real opportunity or is this so you can say we looked and we could not find it.    What I do know California has done, especially on the Federal part, in the National Guard for the State of California, because sometimes it is Title 10 money and sometimes it is state money, is that they just tell the prime contractors go back until you find them.    When you are talking about accountability, I really appreciated that when I was in Sacramento and I said how do I qualify for a Title 10 opportunity and for State opportunity. They said, here is a list of every one that is a prime. They are looking for you. They have been helpful in helping to turn around, go back out to go find those opportunities, and they just will not accept you tried. You did not try enough. Try harder and continue to try until you get it right. I am proud of California for doing that.    Thank you.    Mr. VALADAO. Thank you.    Mr. KNIGHT. Thank you. Anyone else? Come on up. It is your chance to testify in front of the City of Palmdale.    Mr. SHARKEY. Good afternoon. My name is John Sharkey. I am a retired NASA aerospace engineer. I used to work with Kirk several years back. Now I am an owner of a small business here in Palmdale, Sharkey Technology Group. It is basically a machine shop right now.    I have two comments. One would be a small area, but it is specific, that you might be able to help with, and that is on the ITAR restrictions. In order for us to compete on a lot of the jobs, we have to have something called the DDTC registration. It costs $3,000 for a small company. I think it is the same fee that you have.    There ought to be some mechanism for small companies like us--we are a million bucks a year--or waive the fee so we can get into the program and start getting some of the contracts. If we do not get, say, $50,000 back in business, it is kind of lost money for us.    When I talked to the State Department about waiving those fees, they say, talk to your congressman, so I thought I would bring that up.    Mr. KNIGHT. You just did.    Mr. SHARKEY. We make shafts, housings, you know, small components. I do not know why that is considered a munition or defense article, but they do, or at least the State Department says it is so.    Mr. KNIGHT. We are talking about ITAR quite a bit, not so much that, but the restrictions of ITAR and all of the----    Mr. SHARKEY. It is complicated.