actually pretty close to Washington, DC.    We think that their unemployment rate has not been reduced as much as other parts of the State have. We have gone from the fifth highest unemployment rate; now we are not even in the top 30, I believe. So we have done very well. But there are pockets where we need still more connectivity.    And their best connectivity in Elizabeth City, and this is coming from the Governor of North Carolina, is to connect to Hampton Roads, Virginia. Connecting to that economic region would be the best benefit to them. So where I would like to see the Federal Government is to see, where do we need that connectivity that crosses political jurisdictions, especially statewide jurisdictions?    Another one is the connectivity to South Carolina and North Carolina, from Wilmington to Myrtle Beach, which is a major travel and tourism destination. I want Myrtle Beach to do well. I want Wilmington and the rest of our coast to do well. But to have that interconnectivity is very important for the entire economic region.    And economic regions, again, do not recognize these political boundaries when we are recruiting new industrial customers or travel and tourism. And I think that is where we could use your help. And that is why I think the Federal Government has to play a role, so we do not have these logjams along the coast or connecting our major regions.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you. Also, Governor, I think Mr. Cox--especially Mr. Cox--you talked in your testimony about being careful on the regulatory side. And Governor, you mentioned wetlands.    There is a new regulation that the administration has proposed and they are probably trying to implement here in a month or so. It is called Large United States Borders. Have any of you looked at that and what the impact might be to your States on your road projects?    Mr. Gibbs. Well, my opinion, we need to keep those regulations as close to the local States as we can and not have a one-size-fits-all policy coming out of DC that centralizes it, more bureaucracy and going to add cost to your States.    Governor McCrory. In fact, my DENR secretary will be testifying here in Washington next week in front of a Senate committee. But we have major issues with it, especially with the agriculture.    Mr. Gibbs. Yes. Mr. Becker, in your testimony you mentioned GROW AMERICA. This is going to be more a comment on my part, but anyway, I guess you can answer. The President in his budget proposal how to fund for the surface highway bill is 14 percent new tax on American companies that have profits overseas on their crude profits, even though those profits might have been plowed back into their capital operations overseas, and then tax those profits 19 percent going forward.    I see a couple of problems. First of all, I do not know how you enforce it. I think this is a pipe dream. Second, I think it encourages businesses in the United States to move their headquarters, and then of course more importantly, I think it would encourage more inversions, where foreign companies are buying American companies.    And so I do not believe that proposal will work. I notice you had in your testimony about the GROW AMERICA. So you can comment if you want. Go ahead.    Mr. Gibbs. Well, I think everything should be on the table, but I do not think that proposal will work. But my time is expired. I yield back. Thank you.