    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Madam Chair, for holding this hearing, and thank you to our witnesses for being here to talk about the administration's Fiscal Year 2016 requests for Latin America and the Caribbean. Today's hearing occurs at a time of complex foreign policy challenges in a region that has evolved to become increasingly less reliant on the United States.    While I do not believe that the U.S. is implicitly attempting to disengage from the Western Hemisphere, years of focus elsewhere have come at the expense of our policy toward the Americas. However, recent turmoil throughout the region, including growing instability in the Northern Triangle and the Venezuelan Government's hostile and violent actions toward its own civilians, has prompted us to take a closer look at our own backyard. I am pleased that the administration's Fiscal Year 2016 request of nearly $2 billion represents a 35-percent increase over the Fiscal Year 2014 level.    It is imperative that we strike a balance between citizen security initiatives and traditional development programs that can ensure peace and economic prosperity. Drug trafficking and organized crime that plagues the Northern Triangle of Central America is wreaking havoc in the region and poses security threats for the entire Hemisphere, especially the U.S.    Disparity is abundant with nearly 30 percent of the region's population living in poverty. Each year hundreds die along the southern border in their aspiration for a better life crossing into the U.S. while others remain threatened by cartel violence. With the exception of Cuba, democracy in the Hemisphere has progressed but is still threatened by organized crime and leaders that have abused executive powers.    Every day in Venezuela, anti-government demonstrators continue to express their frustrations with the deteriorating economic, political, and security conditions in their country. Venezuela continues unabashedly to respond with a heavy hand, backtracking from any progress they had made as to strengthening its democratic institution. We must work together in a bipartisan fashion to ensure that increased budget requests are used efficiently with proper oversight and address root causes of violence and the dysfunction in this region. And I thank you.    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Madam Chair. Since I have been in Congress I have been an advocate for the Western Hemisphere. I have felt that we have kind of ignored this Hemisphere over the years. And as I sit here and I hear how we are developing democratic principles in these countries and the progress we are making, and all these things that I hear that are great coming from both of you, I look, in my perspective I look at Venezuela. I mean you can't call that a democracy anymore.    Mr. Sires. I look what is happening in Ecuador. He wants to run. I look at what is happening in Nicaragua. It is a mess. Ortega was a big defender of the farmers and now he is beating the farmers up because he wants to take their land away from them. I look at what is going on in Brazil, demonstrations everywhere.    So I guess my question to you is where is all the positive stuff that you are talking about? I mean all these leaders, they just want to perpetuate themselves and they take over the courts; they put their own people in. I mean it is like a textbook effort, you go from one country to the other. And the one I have to give credit to is Uribe. I mean he ran his two terms, he did his job well, and then he did not insist on running a third term. He turned it over democratically. So I give Colombia a great deal of credit. I mean they are an example for the rest of the countries in South America, Central America. But the rest, it is a mess.    Ambassador Jacobson. Can I just make----    Mr. Sires. Yes, absolutely. You can----    Ambassador Jacobson. I am sorry. I will be quick. But I would argue even the last example you used, Congressman. And I really do want to thank you and all the members of this committee and the chairwoman for the support you have given to the region and the attention you have given it.    But in Brazil they are going through enormously difficult times and the Petrobras scandal has been hugely difficult, let us just say. But the protests----    Mr. Sires. It is huge.    Ambassador Jacobson. And huge. But the protests you have seen in many ways are a reaffirmation of democracy. And the response in terms of anti-corruption legislation are a response to the voices of people in the streets. The Pacific Alliance and the countries of Mexico, Peru, Colombia and Chile moving forward on free trade, opening their economies even further engaging with the rest of the world, I think, is an extremely positive story.    So I think there are still very positive stories in the Hemisphere, quite a few of them both on the political side and on the economic side, even while many of the examples that you listed you are absolutely right on.    Mr. Sires. And I look at what is happening between Haiti and the Dominican Republic. This issue of whether you are Dominican or not and you go back, to me that is--they were in my office the other day trying to explain to me that this is necessary because of what is happening between the borders. I worry. And I have to say, and I don't want to get away from Nicaragua, but I had a group of civil groups in my office just this past week. They are telling me that things are getting so bad in Nicaragua they are concerned about the election that is coming up in 3 years. They are telling me that people are taking up to arms on the hills already. Have you any confirmation of that? They are telling me that some groups are already in the jungles. Is that accurate?    Ambassador Jacobson. I have not heard that. But I can tell you that the concerns of citizens over the process that has been undertaken whether it is for the canal and land concerns, environmental concerns as well as concerns on elections at the local and national level are very, very serious. And these are concerns that we are watching as well as concerns of neighbors about Nicaruaga.    Mr. Sires. And obviously my last question I will bring you back to Cuba. We have $20 million for more democracy in Cuba. How much pressure are you getting to stop those programs in Cuba in these negotiations that you are going through?    Ambassador Jacobson. Well, I don't think it is any surprise that Cuba doesn't like those programs, so I wouldn't say we are under enormous pressure.    Mr. Sires. Are we making concessions on those programs?    Ambassador Jacobson. We have said from the beginning that those programs are not, we are not going to be ending those programs, so we are moving ahead.    Mr. Sires. All right. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Madam Chair.    I have to agree with my colleague. I think this is a foregone conclusion that Cuba is going to be removed from the terrorist list, otherwise I don't see how you are going to be able to negotiate anything. Because they haven't changed. They haven't stopped doing anything. I mean the ship that they just caught off Cartagena, Colombia, it is just amazing to me that they just continue doing the same thing without any consequences.    And I am concerned also, the Caribbean Basin Securities Initiative was cut, right, on this budget? That was part of it. The Merida Initiative was cut. The Colombia Strategic Development Initiative was cut. I am concerned. Are they still insisting on you giving up Guantanamo with all the cuts that we are making over here?    Ambassador Jacobson. We haven't discussed Guantanamo.    Mr. Sires. We haven't.    Ambassador Jacobson. No.    Mr. Sires. Are we discussing any monetary assistance to Cuba, currently?    Ambassador Jacobson. No.    Mr. Sires. To the Cuban Government in terms of your negotiations with Cuba?    Ambassador Jacobson. No.    Mr. Sires. Because I know they wanted money because they said the embargo hurt them.    Ambassador Jacobson. Well, no. I mean what I should say is obviously at some point in the future we will have to have a conversation about claims, on claims that have been filed against the Cuban Government, judgments on terrorism. They have said that when we sit down to talk about claims they are probably going to raise their lawsuits that they have tried to pursue for damages vis-a-vis the embargo. So I expect they will raise those things, but we haven't had those conversations yet. We haven't had them about claims yet, set up a process for that nor had them raise anything on the damages issue.    Mr. Sires. How close is the FARC in Colombia to getting an agreement?    Ambassador Jacobson. Well, I think that the Colombians and the FARC continue to have rounds of peace talks. They have made significant progress on the five areas that are under discussion, but there are really hard issues yet to go. I think President Santos continues to remain very much engaged and very committed to moving forward with that. I think he believes that the FARC also is interested and he hopes, understands that this is the way out. That it is time to come to peace but there are still tough issues to be concluded.    Mr. Sires. When Secretary Kerry was before us I raised the concern that we have an observer, supposedly, in the negotiations.    Ambassador Jacobson. We have a Special Envoy now in the process.    Mr. Sires. A Special Envoy.    Ambassador Jacobson. Right.    Mr. Sires. I get concerned that we have an envoy and that if things don't work out they could actually blame the person that we put there and say, look, the Americans again are being obstructionists and trying to interfere in our sovereignty. And I worry about that. I don't see why we have to put, I mean this is between the FARC and Colombia.    Ambassador Jacobson. It is true.    Mr. Sires. And I don't see why we have to meddle into this.    Ambassador Jacobson. But we did that at the express request of President Santos.    Mr. Sires. Well, he may wanted to see if the negotiations fail he may have alternative reason to----    Ambassador Jacobson. I think we took him at his word that he felt that it would be of use to him in our support for the Colombian Government to have somebody there to support him and to help the process.    Mr. Sires. Well, we have been supporting Colombia, making them strong, training them.    Ambassador Jacobson. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Sires. So I don't think our support has wavered.    Ambassador Jacobson. No, that is correct.    Mr. Sires. So I mean to have somebody in there, to me that is just typical what happened in history. People will always say Americans are always trying to meddle into our sovereignty. And, well, I guess they know better than I do, but I just don't see it as a positive.    Thank you, Madam Chair.