    Mr. Hess. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. My name is Eric Hess. I am president and chief executive officer of KeyPoint Government Solutions.    Since 2004, KeyPoint has provided fieldwork services for the background investigations to a number of Federal agencies, including the Office of Personnel Management. KeyPoint, which employs investigators in every State, is proud to be part of OPM's team helping to ensure that security clearance investigations it conducts are thorough, detailed, and consistent.    KeyPoint takes issues of cybersecurity very seriously. And as a contractor providing critical services across the Federal Government, we stand in partnership with the Federal Government in trying to combat ever-present and ever-changing cyber threats. KeyPoint is committed to ensuring the highest levels of protection for sensitive information in which we are entrusted.    The recently announced breach at OPM is the focus of this hearing. With that in mind, I would like to make clear that we see no evidence suggesting KeyPoint was in any way responsible for the OPM breach. There have been some recent media reports suggesting that the incursion into OPM's systems last year is what facilitated the recent announced OPM breach. There is absolutely no evidence that KeyPoint was responsible for that breach.    The press have also reported the hackers stole OPM credentials assigned to a KeyPoint employee and leveraging to access OPM systems. As Director Archuleta noted at the Senate hearing yesterday, there was no evidence suggesting that KeyPoint is responsible for or directly involved with the incursion. To be clear, the employee was working on an OPM system, not a KeyPoint system.    Now, I know that, during this hearing, the incursion of KeyPoint system that was discovered last September will also be discussed. Before going into more detail, I would like to note that KeyPoint has continuously maintained its authority to operate ATO from OPM and DHS. This means that we met the stringent information and security requirements imposed under our Federal contracts.    KeyPoint only maintains personal information that is required under our contractual obligations. However, we, like government agencies, face aggressive, well-funded, and ever-evolving threats that require us to exceed the current FISMA requirements in order to protect the sensitive information in our charge.    Let me say a few words about the earlier incursion of KeyPoint. In December of 2014, the Washington Post reported that OPM had announced it would notify over 48,000 Federal workers that their personal information may have been exposed as a result of incursion to KeyPoint systems. I emphasize the word ``may'' because in the report, after the extensive analysis of the incursion, we find no evidence of exfiltration of sensitive personal data.    Last August, following public reports of a data security breach at another Federal contractor providing background checks, OPM Chief Information Officer Donna Seymour asked KeyPoint to invite the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team, or US-CERT, to test KeyPoint's network and KeyPoint agreed. The team from the Department of Homeland Security National Cybersecurity Assessment and Technical Services conducted risk vulnerability assessment. The NCATS team conducted full network and application vulnerability tests of KeyPoint systems, including network mapping, internal and external penetration testing.    The NCATS team provided a number of findings at the end of the engagement, which were resolved while the team was on site, as well as recommendations for the future. Ultimately, while the NCATS team found issues, they were resolved, and the team found no malware or KeyPoint system.    However, then in September, the US-CERT Hunt team informed KeyPoint that it had found indications of the sophisticated malware undetectable by commercial antivirus on two computers. The US-CERT team provided KeyPoint with mitigation recommendations to remove the malware from our environment and other recommendations for hardening its network to prevent and defeat future compromises.    KeyPoint acted quickly and immediately began implementing the recommendations. KeyPoint conducted an internal investigation of the data security issues identified by US-CERT and concluded that the malware in question was not functioning correctly, potentially caused by errors made during its installation on KeyPoint system. Again, neither US-CERT's investigation nor ours found any evidence of exfiltration of personally identifiable information.    I recently attended a classified briefing at OPM where I learned more about the OPM breach. In this open setting, I cannot go into details that were presented in that briefing. However, I can reiterate that we have seen no evidence of connection between the incursion at KeyPoint and the OPM breach that's the subject of this hearing. That said, we are always striving to ensure KeyPoint cyber defenses are as strong as possible, and we welcome US-CERT's recommendation for strengthening the security of our system.    We've also been working closely with OPM and CBP to improve our information security posture in light of the new advanced persistent threats. OPM presented us with a 90-day network hardening plan. We completed it. We have been working diligently to make our systems more resilient and stronger by implementing the US-CERT recommendations. And a number of the most significant improvements we put into place are full deployment of multifactor authentication; Security Information Events Management; enhanced intrusion detection systems; NetFlow and packet capture network information; improved network segmentation; and many more.    Additionally, we've been working with all of our customers to update our ATOs. This process includes an audit from a third-party independent 3PAO assessor.    In closing, cybersecurity is vital to KeyPoint's mission, and we will continue to fortify protections of our systems. Our adversaries are constantly working to create new methods of attack against our systems, and we must constantly work to meet and deter those attacks. While it may be impossible to ever truly eliminate the threat of cyber attack, we will continue to evaluate our protections and ensure that they reflect the most current best practices.    I want to thank the committee for drawing attention to this critical issue and for allowing KeyPoint to share its perspective with the committee today. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Hess. There are.    Mr. Hess. I don't have an immediate recollection of exact text, but it is similarly worded.    Mr. Hess. That would be an indication of compromise of a system or a failure of any of the system protections.    Mr. Hess. Not the way I would define it.    Mr. Hess. Sir, it's pretty explanatory.    Mr. Hess. Without delay.    Mr. Hess. Our primary contracts are through Homeland Security and OPM.    Mr. Hess. They're all active contracts.    Mr. Hess. Congressman Hurd, it is true that the KeyPoint incursion, we've seen no evidence of a connection with the OPM incursion----    Mr. Hess. No, I'm saying she is correct. From knowledge that I have been given, there was an individual who had an OPM account that happened to be a KeyPoint employee and that the credentials of that individual were compromised to gain access to OPM.    Mr. Hess. We actually do not know how the employee's credentials were compromised.    Mr. Hess. That is correct.    Mr. Hess. That is correct.    Mr. Hess. That is correct.    Mr. Hess. Correct.    Mr. Hess. That is correct.    Mr. Hess. That is correct.    Mr. Hess. I'm not familiar with that construct.    Mr. Hess. Immediately upon receiving the letter, KeyPoint counsel reached out to the ranking member's staff to arrange for a briefing. And we tried to have a date and time set up, and we are still waiting for confirmation on that.    Mr. Hess. Yes, sir.    Mr. Hess. We reached out immediately to the ranking member's staff to brief the staff, and we have not received a response on a time and day to do so.    Mr. Hess. I don't find it unreasonable.    Mr. Hess. I will take that back to my team and let you know.    Mr. Hess. I am the CEO.    Mr. Hess. I'm going to take it back and discuss it with my team.    Mr. Hess. I'll take that request back to my team and let you know.    Mr. Hess. I will take that back to my team and let you know.    Mr. Hess. I do, Congressman Cartwright. Just--we responded immediately to Congressman Cummings' request by calling their staff, having our counsel. And I would also inform----    Mr. Hess. Yes, sir.    Mr. Hess. That's not the information that I have, sir.    Mr. Hess. I will research that.    Mr. Hess. I will take that back to my team and get back to you.    Mr. Hess. I'm going to take it back to my team and discuss it.    Mr. Hess. Chairman Chaffetz, I was asked last week, on Wednesday, to brief both your staff----    Mr. Hess. I will take that request back to my team.    Mr. Hess. I will take that request back----    Mr. Hess. I understand, sir. I will take that request back to my team.    Mr. Hess. I need to take that information back to my staff.    Mr. Hess. I'm trying to be helpful, Chairman. I did do a briefing last week, and we did reach out to Congressman Cummings' staff immediately upon receipt of the letter. And we did not receive, by the information that I have----    Mr. Hess. I understand that, sir.    Mr. Hess. Let me get back to you with that information.    Mr. Hess. You will have it by next week.    Mr. Hess. We are going to be addressing----    Mr. Hess. I am sorry. We are going to be addressing that letter and each of the requests that you made to the extent that we are able to.