    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will be as brief as I possibly can.    Thank you for the Commissioners' testimony today. I really appreciate it so much.    Chairman Wheeler, as part of the Enforcement Bureau's ongoing work, it is my understanding that there has been a letter of inquiry, or LOI, seeking information from a hotel chain on all of the properties from, again, its name, the name of the hotel chain--including franchises, over which it may not have any legal authority.    To your knowledge, does the Enforcement Bureau have any reason to believe there are violations of the Commission's rules at these facilities? That is the first question.    Mr. Bilirakis. Based on the size of the request--again, all the properties--the cost to the hotel and loss of productivity and wages would seem to be quite high, I am sure you will agree, given the technical nature of the request, without any notion that this fishing expedition will bear fruit for consumers.    Isn't this exactly the kind of thing that a cost basis analysis would prevent from being unnecessarily imposed on, again, American job creators? Would you agree with that?    Mr. Bilirakis. You are sure of that? You are certain of that?    Mr. Bilirakis. And it specifically states that in the act----    Mr. Bilirakis . With regard to WiFi. Is that correct?    Mr. Bilirakis. You are assuming that. OK. Thank you.    Commissioner Pai, there has been some renewed attention to the TCPA this summer. The FCC recently passed a package of declaratory orders, but I fear they didn't impose real reforms to actually stop unwanted calls or help on this. And maybe it would cause unnecessary litigation.    A statement from the Chairman about telephone townhalls had been quickly corrected after our last oversight hearing, within a few hours, I understand. I have a different question this time for this hearing.    We talked about apps for customer relationship management and whether a smartphone is or can be an autodialer under the FCC's majority's interpretation. There are many small businesses in America, in my district as well, that rely on smartphones to run their businesses.    I have a few questions. Yes-or-no answers would be greatly appreciated.    Mr. Bilirakis. If a small business owner has a smartphone and uses one of those apps, has that person violated the TCPA, in your opinion?    Mr. Bilirakis. Could that person be subject to FCC enforcement action even for a misdial?    Mr. Bilirakis. Unbelievable.    Would that person be subject to the private right of action provided under the TCPA?    Mr. Bilirakis. OK.    Commissioner Rosenworcel, is this a result that you support?    Mr. Bilirakis. However, we are not accomplishing our goal----    Mr. Bilirakis. OK. Let me ask you again. Do you----    Mr. Bilirakis. OK. Yes, we have to go.    Mr. Bilirakis. All right. I am going to submit something for the record.    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.