    Dr. O'Shanick. Thank you. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee, good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity to provide testimony on the important issue of protecting our nation's youth from concussion. I commend Chairman Upton and Ranking Member Pallone and members of the committee for their ongoing investigation into concussion.    As stated, my name is Dr. Greg O'Shanick, and I am the president and medical director of the Center for Neurorehab Services in Richmond, Virginia. I am also the medical director emeritus of the Brain Injury Association of America, the nation's oldest and largest brain injury patient advocacy organization.    Today I am here to discuss the Youth Sports Concussion Act, H.R.4460, sponsored by Congressman Bill Pascrell, Jr., and Congressman Thomas J. Rooney, Co-Chairs of the Congressional Brain Injury Task Force.    The Brain Injury Association of America and 35 organizations submitted a letter to the committee in support of this legislation. I would like to submit this letter for the record.    Dr. O'Shanick. The Youth Sports Concussion Act would help ensure that safety standards for sports equipment are based on the latest science and curb false-advertising claims made by manufacturers to increase protective sports gear sales.    An extensive National Academy of Sciences report previously found a lack of scientific evidence that helmets and other protective devices designed for young athletes reduced concussion risk. Yet, some manufacturers continue to use false-advertising claims that prevent athletes, parents, and coaches from making informed safety decisions.    In 2012, the FTC warned nearly 20 sports equipment manufacturers that they might be making deceptive concussion prevention claims, but the FTC's actions thus far have not deterred companies from making these claims. The Youth Sports Concussion Act would empower the FTC to seek civil penalties in such cases.    As parents and grandparents, we want to do our best to educate ourselves to protect our children while they are competing in sports. Companies that claim they protect a child from a concussion with their sporting goods equipment when they cannot should be prevented from using this tactic while advertising their product to the American public.    In my clinical practice, every day I see children and adolescents who have sustained a concussion whose parents are torn between wanting to encourage their child's physical activity in team sports, but simultaneously are fearful of what we are now recognizing as the immediate and long-term risk of concussive injury in the developing brain.    Effective coaching and adult supervision of these activities by individuals who understand and have themselves been trained in concussion protocols is one element of this prevention and awareness process. And while we have solid data, for example, regarding the benefits of helmets in the prevention of bicycle-related concussions, my patients' parents are being bombarded with a host of misleading and false claims that allow other manufacturers to financially capitalize on these fears.    My advice to these parents is typically, if it seems too good to be true, it most likely is. For the kids, education, awareness, proactive planning are the elements I encourage in both their return-to-learn and return-to-play activities.    The Brain Injury Association of America has a Concussion Information Center that is located at www.biausa.org. This information is designed to shed further light on concussion-related issues to help families, individuals, educators, healthcare professionals, and others to be more mindful of the signs of a concussion, how to respond accordingly, and to identify resources to assist following a concussion, also known as a mild traumatic brain injury.    BIAA is launching a concussion certificate for professionals this fall. Awarding the concussion certificate demonstrates that the individual responsible for return-to-work, learn or play decisions has acquired the requisite knowledge base needed to make sound, informed decisions.    Prevention is important in reducing concussion in our youth, and safety equipment is a key component of prevention. States have enacted several measures designed to reduce fatalities and brain injuries, including seatbelt legislation, distracted driving laws, drunken driving laws, and return-to-play laws with regard to sports-related concussions.    Individuals can take several measures designed to reduce the risk of brain injury. These include wearing protective gear such as helmets when bicycling, motorcycling, snowboarding, riding a horse, skiing, riding, diving, ATVs, or playing sports; wearing seatbelts when driving or riding in vehicles; ensuring that living areas for seniors and young children are free of trip hazards and have sufficient barriers for stairs, and maintaining physical activity to improve lower body strength and balance.    Your efforts to prevent mild traumatic brain injury in our nation's youth are needed and welcomed. Thank you, and I look forward for your questions.    Dr. O'Shanick. No, ma'am. My job is a clinical practice. I take care of sick folks on a daily basis. I was in academics for a decade. That was 20 years ago.    Dr. O'Shanick. Yes, ma'am.    Dr. O'Shanick. That is correct.    Dr. O'Shanick. Thank you very much for the question and for your support in terms of this area.    Children are not just small adults. Unfortunately, for too long, the type of information we have been using to look at kids has been extracted from the adult literature, both in terms of the brain development--frontal lobes of the brain start developing in utero, aren't fully developed until 25-26 years of age. In that situation, what you are doing fundamentally with any type of insult or injury is you are damaging a developing brain and you are slowing down and causing an ultimate loss of full attainment of what they can ultimately achieve. They never literally catch up with their age-mates.    So, the issue relates to one of being appropriate in terms of minimal types of issues of concussive tackling before a certain age. It relates to effective coaching. It requires, also, more vigilance in terms of the sideline staff.    Dr. O'Shanick. Correct. One of the issues that my patients and their families have is how do you allow your kids to participate in activities and yet have them be safe. Quite honestly, much of the information that they read on the internet or the Web sites that they visit to try to protect their kids simply has misleading information, incomplete information, and at times, frankly, erroneous information. Many places are more concerned about the colors that they offer, and offer one size adult, one size child, as opposed to really looking at the science and investing in what is going to be protective.    Dr. O'Shanick. Absolutely correct, yes. What we are looking at is kind of the same concept as airbags. Airbags do not prevent concussion or do not prevent brain injury. They prevent catastrophic brain injury. The abbreviated injury scale for airbags is designed so you can still be rendered unconscious for 30 minutes and it meets the current federal standards.    So, what we are looking at is the prevention of a catastrophic injury. However, we know, especially in the developing brain, that sub-concussive and other concussive injuries that would be relatively innocuous for an adult with a fully-developed brain are much differently managed----    Dr. O'Shanick. Exactly, the exposure over time.    Dr. O'Shanick. Absolutely. Very astute observation, especially when you get into high school and some of the middle school kids. I mean, I am not sure where these kids come from, but they look like full-grown adults. I want to check their driver's license.    But the issue is that, whenever it is going to be used by a child, whenever it is going to be used by somebody of an age where we are responsible for protecting them and their brain, I think this needs to be the policy that we exhibit.    Dr. O'Shanick. Thank you.