    Mr. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    While I support development of American-made alternatives to the RD-180 rocket engine, according to Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, Frank Kendall, ending the use of the RD-180 prior to the availability of a comparable domestic rocket engine will cost taxpayers over a billion dollars. What effect will restrictions on the purchase of RD-180 engines have on NASA and Boeing's CST-100 Starliner commercial crew space system? And my question is directed to Mr. Elbon.    Mr. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Elbon.    My next question will be for Mr. Weir, and I want you to be thinking of why the American people won't go to Mars, and as a backdrop, I'm going to mention America's financial condition because that's going to be what we have to weigh, the pros and cons. I'm not sure if you're familiar with America's financial condition but in summary, we're headed to an insolvency and bankruptcy probably within the next 20 years, maybe in the next ten years, as a country. I say that looking at a $19 trillion debt accumulation predominantly over the last decade and a half, and reports by the Comptroller General, James Daro, and the Congressional Budget Office waring us that our current financial path is unsustainable, which is accounting language for, if you keep doing this, there's going to be a total collapse of the system.    Additionally, the CBO has warned us that while we had a series of trillion-dollar deficits under Democratic rule of the House and Senate in 2007 and 2008 coupled with Barack Obama in 2009 and 2010, since the 2010 elections, we've slowly but surely gotten our deficits down to $439 billion, which is where we were last year. This year's deficit, however, has taken a dramatic turn for the worse. Now it's projected to be in the neighborhood of $534 billion within six years, a trillion dollars a year--nonstop trillion-dollar-a-year deficits until we go insolvent.    So with that kind of financial backdrop, what can you say to help persuade the American people that Mars is a goal that we should undertake despite the financial risks that our country faces?    Mr. Brooks. Anybody else want to add to the comments of Mr. Weir?    Hearing nothing, thank you, Mr. Chairman.