    Mr. Fitz. There we go. On behalf of the State of Washington, Office of the Attorney General, I appreciate the opportunity to be here before you today. Washington State has a keen interest in the development of a permanent repository for high-level radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel. For nearly eight decades, we have honored our duty to temporarily house nuclear waste as a byproduct of our Nation's defense at the Department of Energy's Hanford Nuclear Reservation.    Waste from Hanford accounts for approximately 63 percent of the defense-generated high-level waste projected for disposal at Yucca Mountain. I should point out that our near-term concern is in getting this waste out of failing underground single-shell tanks and into a glass form. But our long-term interest is in seeing that all this waste is properly disposed of in a deep geologic repository. That is what led us into litigation over the efforts to abandon Yucca Mountain in 2010.    The Federal Government's efforts to abandon Yucca Mountain have ignored and bypassed the careful process Congress set forth in the Nuclear Waste Policy Act for developing a national repository. Washington State has been clear in its legal arguments that if Yucca Mountain is determined to be technically unsuitable in the licensing process, it should not be built. But, absent that determination, the process Congress set forth in law for establishing the repository should be respected and upheld.    In passing the Nuclear Waste Policy Act, Congress recognized that accomplishing the long-term objective of a national repository requires a stepwise approach and a process cemented in law. The House bill report that accompanied the NWPA concluded that, ``The failure of government to provide a permanent waste disposal facility during more than 30 years of Federal nuclear activities is unmitigated.'' It criticized prior Federal agency competence in ``paper analyses and future plans'' as failing to provide ``adequate assurance that disposal facilities would be available when needed.''    It noted that two prior attempts to explore potential repository sites had already failed due to intense political pressure, and it noted what it called a solid consensus of special task force and Presidential commission recommendations on the need for legislation to ``solidify a program and keep it on track.'' In particular, the report noted ``it is necessary to provide close congressional control to assure that the political and programmatic errors of our past experience will not be repeated.'' If it is to stand any chance of success, the process for developing a repository has to necessarily stand and withstand changes to Federal and State administrations and the political tides that accompany them. If you are going to complete a process measured in decades, you cannot be continually second-guessing or switching course partway through, or you will never accomplish the objective.    The thing that keeps you on course is and must be the law. This is at the heart of the NWPA's stepwise prescriptive structure. Critically, Congress reserved for itself the ultimate decision of approving a potential repository site. In the case of Yucca Mountain, Congress exercised that authority when it rejected Nevada's disapproval of the site. And later, when the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals rejected Nevada's legal challenge to that recommendation to Congress, the court said: Congress has settled the matter, and we no less than the parties are bound by its decision.    Once a repository site is approved under the NWPA, it triggers a mandate for the Department of Energy to submit a construction authorization application to the NRC and an obligation on the NRC to consider Energy's application and issue a final decision approving or disapproving issuance of a construction authorization. Energy disregarded these mandates in 2010. It attempted to withdraw from the licensing proceeding based not on any claim that Yucca Mountain is technically unsuitable but on ``the Secretary's judgment that Yucca Mountain is not a workable option'' and that ``alternatives will better serve the public interest.''    The NRC's Atomic Safety and Licensing Board agreed with our argument that the NWPA's plain language and legislative history did not permit the Secretary to withdraw the application. In the words of the board ``the NWPA does not give the Secretary the discretion to substitute his policy for the one established by Congress in the NWPA, that at this point mandates progress towards a merits decision by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.'' Energy's application thus remains pending before the NRC today.    As the committee may know, the NRC Chair nevertheless then initiated his own orderly shutdown of the NRC's license review. The shutdown included terminating the NRC staff's technical review, blocking the release of Safety Evaluation Reports and shutting down the NRC's Web-based licensing support network, which was a database for all the documentation regarding the application. Despite having more than $11 million available in appropriated funds to continue with licensing proceedings, the NRC cited budgetary considerations for its actions, including the political prediction that Congress would not further fund its efforts. It took Washington State and its fellow petitioners bringing a mandamus action and the court issuing an order in August 2013 to reverse this unilateral dismantling.    In a clear, blunt order, the Federal Court concluded that the NRC `` has declined to continue the statutorily-mandated Yucca Mountain licensing process,'' and that ``as things stand, the Commission is simply flouting the law.'' It rejected the NRC's budgetary arguments and cited the bedrock principle of constitutional law that ``the President and Federal agencies may not ignore statutory mandates or prohibitions merely because of policy disagreement with Congress.''    Here is where that leaves us. The NRC has now completed and released its Safety Evaluation Reports. We have final legal decisions in place that establish the obligation of both Energy and the NRC to continue with the Yucca Mountain licensing process providing the funding is in place to proceed.    I understand there are those who think that Yucca Mountain is technically unsuitable, but the law provides an opportunity to prove that case in the pending NRC hearing. I also understand there are those who think that following the current scheme in the NWPA is unwise, but the method for pursuing that disagreement should be through changing the law, not disregarding it. Ultimately, given the multi-decade, multi- generational task of developing a nuclear waste repository, we will never have a repository, whether it is at Yucca Mountain or any other site, if the legal process for siting and licensing a repository is disregarded, either now or by those who follow us. Thank you and I will be happy to take any questions.    Mr. Fitz. As long as it is legally mandated under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act, the answer is yes.    Mr. Fitz. I think if you take the D.C. Circuit mandamus decision in concert with the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board's decision that denied withdrawal to the Department of Energy, those two together indicate that the proceeding should move forward, that it is legally mandated, and that both entities, the Department of Energy and the NRC, are obliged to complete the process.    Mr. Fitz. That is what I am testifying.    Mr. Fitz. Thank you for the question. I am not aware of the consultation. I can't say that it did not occur, but it is not within my personal knowledge, and I can say personally that the announcement caught me by surprise.    Mr. Fitz. It is the latter, or both I should say. I have not heard of any mention of consultation, and I can't rule it out.    Mr. Fitz. There is not a deadline in the Tri-Party Agreement for actually disposing of waste. There is a deadline for getting waste treated, which right now I think is in question with waste treatment plant delays. As to the wisdom of splitting off the defense stream from commercial waste, I would say a couple of things. First, our position has been consistent that as long as the law requires moving forward with the Nuclear Waste Policy Act process for licensing Yucca Mountain, that should be respected. I can speak to what I understand to be my clients' policy position that pragmatically if there is another way to get waste disposed of more quickly, they are open to that, but I would echo what Mr. Fettus said--or, I am sorry, Mr. White said about DOE's schemes that don't have certainty or budget as a substitute for what right now is the legal process.    Mr. Fitz. I think that is an unknown, and that is a concern for Washington.