    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Last November, I said in my opening remarks that the challenges facing the Department in the area of cybersecurity were not only technical in nature. The tools to address these issues already exist, whether it be continuous monitoring, EINSTEIN, or multifactor authentication. The list goes on. The technology is here.    Cybersecurity for the Federal Government is a matter of quality management and effective leadership, not just tech, and I am pleased to see not only Mr. Harris back before this committee today but also Acting Secretary King.    Because cybersecurity and information technology are issues that must be addressed not only by the CIO's office but also by the agency head. Implementation of FITARA and ensuring FISMA compliance are issues agency heads need to know about.    Agencies can't treat data centers, multifactor authentication, and legacy technologies as something just for the CIO staff. Cybersecurity and IT management are mission-critical infrastructure. They are as much a part of the agency's mission as student aid.    And who is ultimately accountable for IT and cybersecurity issues? The answer isn't only Mr. Harris and his team in the OCIO shop. It is also you, Mr. King.    My amendment was included in the Student Success Act, which restated the intent of Congress that students' PII was of the utmost importance to protect. This committee will continue to hold agencies responsible for the state of our agencies' information technology and cybersecurity posture.    The good news for the Department of Education and really the American people is that we aren't here today to discuss a massive data breach involving millions of Americans' PII. We are here today, however, to examine whether we have the management in place at the Department of Education to handle this crucial challenge. We need to ensure that this is the leadership team that can put the tools and processes in place to ensure that we aren't back here again in a month or two talking about a data breach at the Department of Education.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Mr. Hurd. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Secretary King, for being with us today.    And I would like to echo some of my colleagues' good work on the two-factor authentication. I know the difficulty of that. And, you know, I am confident that you all are going to get the 5 percent.    And I would also say that using the new authorities in FITARA to get the FSA CIO under control of your own CIO is important, and if you think there are additional authorities that you need in order to have the right management structure in place, we are here to help.    The one thing I would caution is saying that we are doing great work. Let's raise our gaze, as Speaker Ryan likes to say, and we should not be saying just implementing one part of a larger strategy is good enough. I think we should be talking about when 95 percent of the recommendations by the IG are approved, that is going to be great work. When there are not repeat findings, as you mentioned earlier today, Mr. Harris, that would be good work.    Secretary King, has Mr. Harris been given a performance plan since you have been in your new role?    Mr. Hurd. Has he been given a progress review?    Mr. Hurd. Great.    Mr. King.--on cybersecurity ----    Mr. Hurd. And we already said--he mentioned he got an outstanding performance. So my question is--this is going to you, Mr. Harris--what is EDL?    Mr. Hurd. And they are putting PII information in that?    Mr. Hurd. And this is not FISMA-compliant, is that correct?    Mr. Hurd. And when will you get it done?    Mr. Hurd. Great. Fifty-four software programs that you all are using are no longer supported by the vendor. Why is that?    Mr. Hurd. So what do you need to do in order to fix that problem?    Mr. Hurd. Secretary King, if that is accomplished by June, I would say that is a pretty significant achievement. Secretary King--and I am not trying to be coy here--do you know what COBOL is?    Mr. Hurd. Okay.    Mr. Hurd. It is coding language.    Mr. King.--but I am aware of what COBOL is.    Mr. Hurd. It was old even when I was going through university in programming.    Mr. Hurd. And you all have over one million lines of code on that. However, we were told at the last hearing on November 17 that the Department of Education does not use COBOL. Is that correct, Mr. Harris?    Mr. Hurd. So now that FITARA is giving you more authorities in which to oversee FSA, what is your plan with getting rid of     Mr. Hurd. And I want to echo my colleague from South Carolina's comments, in months from now if these 54 programs--we don't have a plan on getting rid of them, if we don't have 100 percent achievement on two-factor authentication, you know, we should be asking larger questions here. And with great responsibility comes great accountability, and we are going to make sure you have all the tools you need to get the job done and we are going to hold you accountable.    I yield back.