    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, panel, for being here.    I don't think it's any secret where my heart lies with the EPA. I think they overreach every day and are putting more and more pressure on States, on counties, manufacturers, job creators and the whole nine yards.    And it goes into--it goes into questions what are they thinking. Are they listening? Are they paying attention to what's actually happening out there? I'd say no.    And Dr. Shaw, I'll start with you just simply because you got a hat on the table and I--Lord, I appreciate seeing that. Don't see that enough up here.    But I am kind of interested to know, you don't look like you had to be bald. Did you just choose to do it? I mean, if I wore a hat all the time, it would be sticking to my head if I was----    Mr. Mullin. Well, what's her name?    Mr. Mullin. Dana. I will tell you right now, just because I feel like I stuck my foot in my mouth, I will be praying for Dana.    Mr. Mullin. And God bless you for being such a supporting husband.    Mr. Mullin. Yes, but you're there and you're going to be walking her through the whole thing. So God bless you for that.    Switching gears just a second, you know, you're from Texas, and, even though we beat you in football all the time, I really do appreciate the idea that we work together and we have similar experiences.    Explain to me a little bit about what this ozone rule is going to do to the State and maybe even the cost that is going to require you all to take on at a time when really the--you know, we are an oil and gas State, too--at a time when really we need to be looking at shoring up our State and the jobs within it, not costing jobs by spending money where it's not needed.    Mr. Mullin. Well, and by the EPA's on a mission they said that the 2015 ozone standard will be reached by 2025 by just implementing the 2008 rule. So it calls into question why.    Mr. Mullin. And just to kind of make a point here and maybe it's been brought up already, but even the National Park Service is saying that the Grand Canyon and the Sequoia National Forest where I am sure there's a tremendous amount of industry and work going there, it is going to be out of compliance with this.    So it does leave us all the question what is the motive. Other than just busy work, what is the motive behind this?    And, look, I live--my kids are the fourth generation on our farm and I want clean air and clean water, too. A creek runs in front of our place. I used to drink out of it as a kid.    I don't think we are arguing that, and we are doing--we are good stewards of the land behind us, but we don't need this rule. It's undue cost and undue harm to States and manufacturers around.    And so we'll be praying for Dana----    Mr. Mullin . Sir, and I do sincerely mean that. God bless you for being such a supporting husband to her, and I yield back. Thank you, sir.