    Mr. Payne. Good morning.    I want to thank Chairman McSally for continuing this subcommittee's work on ensuring that we understand and are prepared to respond to the threats posed by bioterrorism.    Just over a year ago, this subcommittee examined the history of bioterrorism threats, how bio-threats are evolving, and whether the Federal Government is doing what it needs to to prevent and effectively respond to acts of bioterrorism. The message from the hearing was clear: When it comes to biodefense, there is a leadership vacuum.    Ten months after the hearing, that leadership vacuum became publicly apparent as the Federal Government struggled to effectively coordinate its response to the U.S. Ebola case. Despite billions of dollars of investment in developing capabilities to prevent and respond to bioterror events, the lack of comprehensive Federal strategy effectively coordinated by someone at the highest level of Government undermines every dollar we spend.    That is why, last Congress, I supported the WMD Prevention and Preparedness Act, which was introduced by my colleague from New Jersey, Congressman Bill Pascrell, and the former Chairman of Homeland Security, the Honorable Peter King. That legislation would have implemented recommendations that were made in 2008, WMD Commission Report, and, importantly, reestablished the position of Special Assistant to the President on Biodefense. Although the bill did not move in this committee last Congress, I am hopeful that it will be reintroduced and that the lessons learned from the Ebola crisis last fall will incentivize this committee and Congress to act on it.    As I have observed throughout my tenure in Congress, the attention of this body and its Federal partners ebbs and flows from crisis to crisis. I hope that we address the biopreparedness gaps we have observed last year before we become complacent and the next crisis shocks us back into action.    Along those lines, I am interested to hear Senator Talent's views on the threats posed by bioterrorism and the potential of lone-wolf actors and how we should prioritize our efforts with respect to addressing bio-threats.    Despite some challenges at the Federal level, I am encouraged to hear about efforts local public health departments are undertaking to ensure that they will be able to protect the public should a bio-event occur.    Additionally, I would like to commend Deputy Commissioner Raphael on New York City's successful response to the Ebola case last fall. I am interested in understanding how the city became prepared to respond so effectively and whether information shared by the Federal Government was consistent, coordinated, and useful.    Before an Ebola case was diagnosed in the United States, New York City was working to improve its bio-response capabilities by testing its plans to rapidly deploy countermeasures following an anthrax attack in its largest no-notice emergency response exercise to date. I am interested in learning about how lessons learned from previous exercises informed the plans tested last summer, what New York City learned from the August exercise, and whether the lessons learned are being shared with neighboring jurisdictions.    Finally, I would note that our counterparts on the Appropriations Committee are in the process of drafting the fiscal year 2016 funding bill as we speak. I would be remiss if I did not take the opportunity to highlight the important role grant programs like the Urban Areas Security Initiative, also known as UASI, have played in developing local capabilities to prepare to respond to bio-threats. I urge our colleagues to provide robust funding for UASI and to consider restoring funding for reduced or expired grant programs that bolster medical response capabilities, such as the Metropolitan Medical Response System.    I would like to thank the witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to your testimony.    With that, Madam Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    It is my distinct honor to introduce Marisa Raphael, who is the deputy commissioner of the Office of Emergency Preparedness and Response at the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene.    Ms. Raphael's responsibilities include directing and coordinating all operational, all administrative aspects of the department's emergency preparedness and response activities, including overseeing the coordination of public health emergency preparedness planning for New York City's health care system. In other capacities at the Office of Emergency Preparedness and Response, Ms. Raphael has overseen emergency planning exercises and training and countermeasures planning.    Ms. Raphael received her master's of public health from the University of Michigan. She also attended the Harvard Kennedy School of Government Senior Executives in State and Local Government Program and Harvard's National Preparedness Leadership Initiative.    Welcome.    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    You know, if you could describe some of the lessons learned from the Ebola cases in the United States last year and how they might apply to a biological attack scenario, Dr. Cairns.    Mr. Payne. Thank you.    Senator Talent.    Mr. Talent. I was discouraged by several aspects of the Ebola response.    In our last report, we actually gave the best grade for our Government's preparedness to communicate, both among health care professionals, to the public, and within the Government. That seemed, to me, to be a major failure. This was a small-scale event. I mean, it is important to think of this in terms of from small-scale noncontagious to large-scale contagious. So that was very distressing.    I don't--we established an Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, who I had hoped was the one coordinating all this, and didn't see the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response. So there were malfunctions there.    What we are seeing here is, when we have, as in New York, unified authority which sets priorities, we have good use of dollars, you know, we spotlight the weaknesses, we know what we need to do. When we don't have that, we have problems on the ground that we didn't expect, and we are not sure what to do about it.    So I think, again, it points back to the need for a greater unit of leaderships either in a person or in a small group of people who are able to look at the whole picture from the Federal point of view, identify what needs to be done, and have the authority to act when the crisis arises.    Mr. Payne. Thank you.    Ms. Raphael.    Mr. Payne. Thank you.    You know, that harkens back to my point and being adamant about, you know, the Commission's report that talked about reestablishing the position of special assistant to the President on biodefense. The coordination that you speak of would be enhanced by someone that that was their job and their due diligence every single day, to advise the President.    Senator Talent, in your testimony, you stressed that the Government's preparedness for biological attacks received an F in your 2010 report. You specifically mentioned the lack of sufficient medical countermeasures as your No. 1 concern.    What can the Government and private sector do right now to improve preparedness for biological incidents?    Mr. Talent. I think this should be a focus of the subcommittee, in part because this is the one area, one link in the chain where it is really Federally dominated, right? I mean, you all have control, as a jurisdictional matter, over what FDA is doing, what BARDA is doing, what HHS is doing.    So I think we have to improve the stockpile. We ought to do for other biological agents what we have done for smallpox and, to some extent, for anthrax; and then continue to support FDA. They are moving in the direction of having the resident capacity to be able to respond and come up with new drugs quickly.    I think it is also very important--one of the things Ebola showed us is diagnostics is hugely important. We have to put effort into being able to diagnose quickly. If you can't do that, you can't respond.    I would also say to you that it is important that the drugs that we stockpile, that we take into account the need of particular populations--the elderly, women who are pregnant, children--because countermeasures that will work with young, healthy people may be too much for them. So I think that is definitely an area where we ought to move.    Again, this unifying responsibility--I just leaned over to Dr. Cairns a minute ago because he said, how can we have an isolation unit the way they do in Bellevue? Well, you all know, as all of us do who have served here, VA has a lot of excess capacity, right? So if we had a sort of unified leadership response, this is an area you would at least like to look into: Could we use some of the VA's excess capacity to supply--and it is all throughout the country, too, right, or at least through a lot of places.    But, at least as of the time we did our report, VA wasn't really even involved in the Federal response. Again, I think the problem is there is no special assistant and then, within the Congress, there is no way to move in a unified way to send a signal from the highest level of political authority.    Mr. Payne. Okay.    Well, Madam Chairman, I see my time is up, so I will yield back.    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Deputy Commissioner Raphael, I understand that the RAMPEx began with a fictitious BioWatch Actionable Result, or BAR. What happens after a BAR? Does the Federal Government provide adequate support in evaluating how to respond to a BAR?    Mr. Payne. Thank you.    Also, during the Ebola crisis last fall, you know, State and local public health organizations and hospitals were bombarded with guidance materials and updated protocols.    Can you talk about what worked and what needed improvement with respect to the Federal Government's efforts to push guidance and other information out to the local and public health organizations?    Mr. Payne. Okay.    Just one last question to Ms. Raphael. I felt like you weren't given much opportunity, so I am going to focus down your alley for a bit.    But, you know, in your testimony, you discussed the planning for role abandonment--basically, workers not showing up to operate the PODs. What can the Federal Government do to help prevent role abandonment?    Mr. Payne. Never mind.    Mr. Payne. Thank you.    You know, just in wrapping up, you know, those are the type of examples that deserve funding. If, you know, you are being that conscientious and that dedicated to it, those best practices and the things that you are doing in New York City should be held up as an example of what and how to do this and, based on your success rate, all should be part of the factor in funding, I believe.    So thank you to all of the witnesses today.    Madam Chairman, I yield back.