    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to begin by saying how I am disgusted with the videos that we saw. And I know every time it comes up, people are saying: Oh, if you see them on TV, or wherever, they are highly edited and they are out of context.    But as Mr. Barton asked and we found out, that nobody is debating the quotes that are in there. I mean, we need to look at the whole video, I agree with that. Nobody is debating the quotes. And those quotes, I am not sure you can take those out of context. I am not sure what context those are acceptable. And I am sorry just to hear that.    First, I want to ask Mr. Mattox. In your testimony you say the courts have upheld the rights of a State to exclude, quote, ``an entity from its Medicaid program for any reason established by law,'' unquote. Can you elaborate on that?    Mr. Guthrie. I would like to continue with a couple more questions for you, if I can continue.    Mr. Guthrie. Your testimony also outlines a number of categories of misconduct from Planned Parenthood, and my understanding, most of these, in your testimony, were not from the videos. There were other things that you cited. All of which seems to be ground for State Medicaid programs to exclude that Planned Parenthood provider, clinic, or affiliate.    What have States done to exclude Planned Parenthood in the Medicaid program?    Mr. Guthrie. Which leads to my next question, is that you also note that, quote, this is from your testimony, ``Medicaid providers cannot usually rely on the support of the Federal Government, including reinterpretation of the Medicaid Act, when a State disqualifies them from its Medicaid program. Planned Parenthood is a unique case.''    Can you elaborate on this?    Mr. Guthrie. Thanks. And discovering that a provider violated Federal laws related to fetal tissue procurement certainly sounds like a provider failing to act in an ethical manner and should be grounds to terminate their status as a provider. Can you elaborate on that statement?    Mr. Guthrie. In my last 10 seconds, I am just hopeful that we can clarify the Federal law, ensure States are able to allow or exclude providers from their Medicaid program.    I thank you for the witnesses being here, and I yield back.