    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Farah, you point out in your testimony that Iran, whose banks are largely barred from the Western financial system, benefits from access to the international financial market through Venezuela, Ecuador, and Bolivian financial institutions which act as proxies by moving Iranian money as if it originated in their own unsanctioned financial systems.    Can you explain on a practical level how Iran was able to use these institutions to evade international sanctions regimes, and what the United States has tried to do, clearly unsuccessfully, to prevent this?    Mr. Rothfus. Are there policies that we could implement to better prevent this from happening?    Mr. Rothfus. Would any measures we take, though, be moot by a lifting of sanctions with respect to Iran's banks?    Mr. Rothfus. Let me bring the professor in for a minute there, because in your testimony one of the measures that you identified to counter these illicit networks was to maintain a vigorous designation and sanctions regime against state sponsors of terrorism, foreign terrorist organizations, transnational criminal organizations, foreign narcotics kingpins, and specially designated nationals.    I have contended that the sanctions regime in place with Iran today is justified completely on the fact that they have been exploiting terror for decades, responsible for hundreds of American deaths since 1980, really, if you go back to the rescue attempt and the people we lost there and then go through the list of what they have been doing, including the killing of hundreds of our soldiers in Iraq. That alone justifies a sanctions regime without regard to the nuclear program they have.    I guess my question, Dr. Asher, Professor Realuyo, is if you could address whether you think--if we lift these sanctions on Iran, will we see more terror financing coming from Iran?    Mr. Rothfus. The current sanctions have?    Mr. Rothfus. I think my time has expired, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for your testimony and for your work in this field.