    Mr. Duncan. Mr. Chairman, thank you for having these hearings. This is very, very important. And I would simply say that the testimony we heard in here yesterday, the record on these FOIA requests is simply horrendous. We heard in here yesterday Sharyl Attkisson say that FOIA is a pointless, useless shadow of its former self. She testified that it took over 10 years, 10 or 11 years, to get a request that she submitted.    Another witness, Mr. Leopold, said that the Pentagon told him it would take 15 years to give him material, and they said they would only give it to him if he would agree never to file another FOIA request. And, of course, then the court ruled in his favor and said it was ridiculous that they came up with that 15-year business.    Mr. McCraw from The New York Times who said that The New York Times, just that one business, had to file eight different lawsuits last year, FOIA lawsuits. And I am told there were 422 FOIA lawsuits just in 2014.    We had another witness, Cleta Mitchell, who told about the years she had spent litigating FOIA and brought in here numerous, looked like about 10 or 12 notebooks full of pages that finally were sent to her with practically everything, thousands of pages, with 100 percent on most of those pages totally redacted. And it really was just useless.    I can tell you the American people think the Federal Government is already far too big, too out of control, and far too secret. And the American people are not going to stand for more secrecy from the Federal Government.    And I would say to each of you and to any FOIA officers that might be listening that if you don't start doing better this committee, this Congress, is going to have come down very, very hard and come up with some legislation that I am sure none of you are going to want to live with at all.    Ms. Pustay, can you assure me that if Chairman Chaffetz calls a hearing a year from now that we are going to hear a much better story than we have heard these past couple of days? I mean, you talked about timeliness and all these things that sound good, but surely you don't accept or don't defend a system that takes 10 or 15 years to grant simple requests?    Mr. Duncan. Well, I'm assuming that there are some requests that are granted without--I hope that there are some requests being granted without forcing lawsuits over it, but I am told that almost all of these lawsuits, these FOIA lawsuits have ended up with rulings in favor of the plaintiffs and against the Department.    Mr. Duncan. Well, do you agree that you need to do better, that this system must be improved and must be faster?    Mr. Duncan. But you do accept the fact that when we have requests that are taking 10 or 15 years to grant, that the system is broken?    Mr. Duncan. Well, we heard yesterday about some problems that we shouldn't have been hearing about, I can tell you that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.