    Mr. Welch. Thank you very much.    You know, taking up on Mr. Mullin's questions, there is required to be a change in the model if we are going to change our energy mix, if we are going to move to distributed generation. And those are extraordinary challenges that our utilities face.    But that is an agenda that we have in Vermont. You know, we have utilities that are all in on trying to promote distributed generation, that are promoting solar, that are really strong on efficiency. And it is a complete departure from the old model that used to exist in the Vermont utilities of just promoting more usage of energy.    And my question--one, I want to cite that. And, two, I notice in your budget there is a lot of emphasis on trying to facilitate activities such as distributed generation, renewable battery storage, and so on, and just give you a quick minute to comment on that.    Mr. Welch. All right.    You know, the second thing, Mr. McKinley was asking about coal country and inviting you to West Virginia. I want to thank you for coming to Vermont. It was a very meaningful visit. Go to West Virginia. I went there with Mr. McKinley. He took me into a coal mine. And I want to focus attention on the parts of your budget that are going to help coal country out. Because whatever one thinks about coal, those coal workers have kept the lights on in this country for generations.    And I want to just give you an opportunity to comment on the President's proposal with respect to money that can help the Appalachian fund. And a billion dollars is being proposed to come from the abandoned mine fund to help out in coal country.    Mr. Welch. I would encourage you to keep doing that because that is the one area where----    Mr. Welch. And these coal workers are----    Mr. Welch . Wonderful people, and they----    Mr. Welch . Are getting hammered, and we have to help them.    Mr. Welch. Well, I would be glad to work with you and colleagues on doing that.    Mr. Welch. Yes.    Mr. Welch. Well, thank you.    I have 1 more minute. We have a plant, a nuclear plant, that is being decommissioned, and we are just stuck with the nuclear waste that is in dry-cask storage along the banks of the Connecticut River. It is really a problem. It is a problem for us. We are going to live with this for how long, we don't know.    Yucca Mountain, none of us are particularly optimistic about its prospects. We have a bill in Congress, a bipartisan bill, where Texas wants to have an interim storage site. Vermont would be glad to provide some stuff to store. The administration's blue ribbon commission seems to be open to that.    I know this is a difficult, delicate issue for you, but what about the prospects of having some interim storage site while whatever is going to happen with Yucca works itself out so that we don't have this waste literally right along the banks of the Connecticut River?    Mr. Welch. Thank you very much, Secretary Moniz.    And my time is up, and I yield back. Thank you.