    Mr. Koon. Thank you, Chairman McSally, Ranking Member Thompson, and Members of the subcommittee for holding this important hearing today. As director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management and president of the National Emergency Management Association I am pleased to be here to discuss preparedness and response capabilities on a National level.    As you have heard Administrator Fugate say, emergency management is a whole community endeavor involving all levels of government, the private sector, voluntary organizations, and individual citizens. While emergency preparedness and response capabilities are critical on the Federal level, it is important to emphasize that they are only part of the capabilities Nation-wide.    Today, I will focus on leveraging the preparedness and response capabilities that we have in our States and localities, as well as addressing opportunities for continued improvement.    One of the greatest tools this Nation has is the Emergency Management Assistance Compact. Ratified by Congress in 1996, EMAC allows States to share resources amongst themselves during disasters. It has been an overwhelming success and its use continues to grow.    Most recently, 8 States sent 849 personnel to South Carolina to assist with their flood-fighting efforts. These deployments reduce the need for Federal resources and also benefits the home States.    To quote Billy Estep, the Nassau County Emergency Managing Director who deployed to South Carolina as part of the Northeast Florida Incident Management team, ``No matter how hard we try or how sophisticated our process we cannot recreate this type of learning in an exercise environment. I feel these opportunities are vital to our preparedness efforts both locally and state-wide.''    The capability that the States and locals build to respond to disasters both at home and through EMAC is often funded by the Emergency Management Performance Grant. EMPG is the only source of Federal funding directed to State and local governments for planning, training, exercises, and key professional expertise for all-hazards emergency preparedness.    EMPG is also used for public awareness and outreach campaigns. Each year, Emergency Management agencies conduct thousands of these engagements, reaching over 135 million residents last year alone. Recipients of this grant continue demonstrating a strong commitment for every dollar of Federal funds invested; at least that much is matched by the recipient.    In the absence of these funds, State and local governments would struggle to maintain the personnel or capabilities necessary to build and sustain an effective emergency management system.    Opportunities for improvement continue to exist. One such area is the National Flood Insurance program. Much attention has been paid to the NFIP over the last several years, and rightly so. Although reforms have been implemented, Americans remain under-insured against the threat posed by flooding, our most prevalent hazard, and the trend line for the number of flood policies Nation-wide continues to decline.    Too often, we watch our communities flood, only to hear from residents that they did not have the appropriate coverage. In the absence of insurance, they are reliant upon charitable organizations and Governmental aid that its not designed to make them whole. This delays the recovery of the community and threatens it very existence.    We must redouble our efforts to design a system that helps people evaluate and plan for their individual risk, while simultaneously reducing our collective risk.    Concurrent with improving our insurance coverage is the need for improved mitigation. To truly ensure that we are prepared, we must incentivize and facilitate more resilient communities. This point was made in the GAO's recent report that reviewed Federal efforts during Hurricane Sandy recovery. State and local officials reported that they were able to effectively leverage Federal programs to enhance disaster resilience, but also experienced challenges that could result in missed opportunities.    Challenges in linking recovery and mitigation projects, navigating multiple funding streams, and differing regulations among the programs impact the desire and ability of local communities and homeowners to take advantage of the opportunities afforded by these programs.    The report indicated that the current program works, but is constrained by its structure and implementation. Just as FEMA has designed its response program to be survivor-centric, it should also work to develop mitigation programs that are community-centric and administered in a way to make mitigation a clear and viable solution for the future.    We have made tremendous strides in the Nation's ability to deal with disasters, and are on track for continued improvement.    By investing in and leveraging the capabilities that exist with the individual at the State and local level, the private sector, and through our partnerships with organizations like the American Red Cross and the Salvation Army, we can most effectively determine the gaps that remain and should be filled by FEMA and its Federal partners.    We appreciate the continued support of this subcommittee to the emergency management community, as we work together in forming new policies and procedures aimed at making these disasters less impactful on our communities and constituents.    I thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and welcome any questions you may have.    Mr. Koon. The language in PKEMRA and SRIA, I think, gives a lot of what we need to make sure that we have the most effective programs across the Nation. I think the complete utilization and implementation of those programs, as well as what Mr. Currie noted, improving the management and other aspects of the organization to help us achieve those outcomes, will probably be the most effective at this point.    So I don't know that, at this point, any additional legislation is necessary. It is simply a matter of making the most effective use of what is out there today.    Mr. Koon. Madam Chairman, I think there are three potential ways we could improve mitigation. One would be, as I mentioned in my oral testimony, to streamline the program to make sure that we can do it as effectively as possible after a disaster using those funds that FEMA provides.    Second, I concur with Administrator Fugate. By using codes and standards and other things, we can tie mitigation into all the other funding streams that go into help the construction of the built environment and community. So that way, we leverage all of the other funds that those communities are using.    Third, I think by tying it into programs that help us reduce insurance cost to future--would ensure that those get consideration as we build our environment.    Mr. Koon. Yes, sir, thanks for the question. Any time you have a standing agreement or a prepared agreement ahead of time, whether it is between the State and FEMA, or State contractors between the county and State, or between States like you have with EMAC, it tremendously improves the response and recovery capability of that jurisdiction. Because now you have worked through all of those issues ahead of time and you are ready to execute those at a moment's notice.    You know exactly what resources the other partner is in that situation, you know how to call them into action. You also have, as you noted in your opening statement, the ability to vet those local organizations who are able to support it.    So you are able to do a much better job at preparing for that local economic recovery by, again, considering ahead of time what resources are available in that jurisdiction or in that State that will help benefit the economic recovery.    It can be a challenge at the local level, particularly for those more rural jurisdictions, those small emergency management agencies, who don't have capability to put into place, ahead of time, those kinds of agreements. In those situations we encourage States to work with their locals to develop some standardized template so that they can utilize those.    Because, again, it really does benefit the community when you can put those into place right away. It also helps ensure that you are complying with all of the regulations associated with the Federal dollars that come into place and so that you don't risk audits later on that would deallocate those funds.    Mr. Koon. I concur with Administrator Fugate. Social media is good for outreach, but it is better as an intelligence-gathering tool for emergency managers to better understand what is happening on the ground. We can use it to head off rumor control. We should not be leading the charge on which tools we are using. We should be following the public and utilizing the tools they are utilizing.    It is also a tremendous way that we can assist--States can assist States, localities can assist localities. In the most recent storm, as Joaquin was headed to the coast, we used our virtual operations support team which is based out of Florida State University. It is a group of students who get together who monitor social media to help understand what is going on in and also push out information to support North Carolina's efforts with regards to that.    That is no cost, no transportation. So that is one way that emergency managers can support emergency managers across the country at little to no additional cost.    Mr. Koon. Mr. Thompson, we have used this in Florida in our disasters, and it has two-fold benefits. First of all, it is more survivor-centric and meets the needs of those citizens where they are. It also meets some of the issues that Mr. Currie has addressed with regards to administrative costs. It costs a tremendous amount of fixed dollars to run a disaster recovery center. If it is in a rural area with limited traffic you are wasting money.    So it is much better to go out there and talk to the folks where they are. So I have seen it work very effectively in previous disasters in Florida.