    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Admiral Syring, thank you for spending time with me in my office just a couple of days ago. We had a number of great conversations.    First of all, I would like to publicly congratulate you for the successful test of FTG-06b. I know that maybe some of the tests before that were not perceived as being successful, but I would attest that every test there are lessons learned and we gain a lot from that. Even though some tests are not deemed as being successful, we learn a lot from that.    And my question for you is: As we prioritize going forward, are we going to prioritize testing for all systems beyond GMD? What are your priorities for testing going forward?    Mr. Bridenstine. Admiral Gortney, did you want to add anything?    Mr. Bridenstine. ``The cadence'' meaning the series of tests upcoming?    General Mann. Exactly. And the frequency of doing those tests and when you are able to do them.    Mr. Bridenstine. As far as funding, if there was more funding, would testing be prioritized going forward?    Mr. Bridenstine. When we think about MDA requesting $96 million for the fiscal year 2016 technology maturation initiatives to build on the success of the discrimination sensors--we talked in my office about discrimination and targeting--this includes incorporating an advanced sensor into the MTS sensor.    Has MDA considered allowing competition for these tasks to evaluate other proven sensors to meet the technology maturation initiative?    Mr. Bridenstine. Excellent.    Fort Sill is in my State of Oklahoma. We are the Fires Center of Excellence there at Fort Sill. And Fort Sill is the institutional training base for THAAD. And I can tell you that I have been down there. What they do is really, really amazing work.    The budget request includes $464 million for THAAD procurement to include the purchase of interceptors and training devices used at Fort Sill. It looks like there is an increased request in THAAD training to account for procuring a radar training device, a radar training device.    Can you describe some of the devices that we are buying from a THAAD training standpoint. I guess this would be for General Mann or either----    Mr. Bridenstine. I am out of time. So thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I'll yield back.