    Mr. Zinke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, General, it is always good to see you again. I tell you, I sleep better at night knowing you are there.    You know, as a former deputy commander and acting commander of special forces in Iraq, you know, I think we left Iraq too soon. I think we--when we left Iran or Iraq on a timeline rather than a condition on the ground, it affected the Sunnis; we disenfranchised them, I believe. We isolated the Kurds.    We, to a degree, empowered a centralized government to be non-inclusive. And the result was a vacuum. And that vacuum, I think what we are seeing today, was filled by ISIS.    And my concern is we don't repeat the same model in Afghanistan, and I think the concern of the committee remains the same.    Looking forward, what would you consider to be your three priority conditions, and what is that end strength to support that?    And lastly, in my experience, having a detention center--at least a temporary detention center--gave us the ability to rapidly turn around sensitive site exploitation and do follow-on missions in a timely manner that made a difference on the ground. And not having the ability to have a detention center--at least a temporary detention center--to me would adversely affect your ability, when you find a target, to rapidly turn around and do follow-on missions. If you would comment on that, whether, in fact, it does adversely affect your ability to turn around?    General Campbell. Sir, thanks for your service, and thank you for the questions, as well.    If I can answer the last one first, then come back to the ISIL piece on the intelligence. So intelligence, as you know, drives operations, and that is what we really try to instill in our Afghan partners, that all their operations should be intelligence-based, and we continue to work that very hard.    We do have a very good relationship with the MOI and the MOD, and the NDS , which is their intel service. And so as they have the detainees, we work a relationship to make sure that we can partner with them, and the intelligence, the information they get from their detainees, we try to make sure that we can get that information as well, because it impacts our force protection and we can also help guide them.    They are building a fusion cell, which combines the MOD, the MOI, and the NDS together--lessons that we have learned over years and years. They are stove-piped where they are now, and so you have MOI working off different pieces, MOD working off pieces, and NDS working off pieces. And what we are really trying to force is this sharing.    They are testing this really with a pilot down in northern Helmand in this operation today, and we are seeing quite good success off of this as they do share all that intelligence and understand that it makes them a better-capable force as they get this intelligence, turn it very quickly to drive to other targets. So I think our relationship over the last 13-plus years of working with them at the ministry levels now and at the corps levels, we have a relationship to enable to make sure that we can help them with that intelligence. So I feel comfortable where we are at.    Still got a lot of work to do with that. They don't have the same type of ISR or those platforms that provide us some of that. We share where we can, but we have got to make sure we continue to build their capabilities.    So we are working on how we build the intel capability. Intelligence is one of the eight essential functions that we continue to build at all the ministry levels. My senior deputy chief of staff for intelligence, the J-2, Major General Scotty Berrier, was a CENTCOM J-2 before this assignment. He really is the senior intel advisor that I have in country and he works with both the MOI and MOD to build that intel capability.    So I feel much better than where we were on building that, and I think that is going to help all of us in the end.    On the ISIS piece, sir, on conditions, you know, I take a look every single day and assess different conditions. Time is one of those conditions, number of people on the ground, both from a coalition perspective and from an Afghan security institution perspective is another condition.    So I think I would take a look at all those. I really do want to take a look at what happens after this first full fighting season, where the Afghans are really totally on their own. They have led it for the last 2 years but this is the first time that they really are on their own and we really are just in the train, advise, assist and don't have the resources to provide for them, and they are working very hard on their own capacity for close air support, intelligence, and those areas.    And so, you know, I can't give you a number that I would feel comfortable with right now. I think I need to let this play out.    But I do believe that we are--the best thing that we can do to hedge against Afghanistan not becoming an Iraq, my number one priority would be to continue to train, advise, assist, and build their own capacity and their capability both in close air support, both in their special operating forces, which increases their CT capability. And they want to be--and President Ghani has said many times, you know, he is a strategic partner and wants to continue to build the Afghan CT capability so down the road they have that, and then we will continue to work with them on that.    Mr. Zinke. I will follow up on the detention centers. Do we have the ability--if you get a high-priority target, do we have the ability to be present during those initial interrogations and interviews, or is it separate?    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Is there a one-sentence answer, General?    General Campbell. Sir, I would rather cover that with you in a closed session, sir, and I can give you a little more detail on that.    Mr. Zinke. All right, sir. Thank you.    The Chairman. Ms. Graham.