    Mr. Shuster. The committee will come to order. Welcome to today's hearing.    I want to thank Ranking Member DeFazio for bringing this important issue to our attention. And today's hearing will focus on two important issues, particularly. The first is the extent of FEMA's authority to implement the National Flood Insurance Program, and the second is the national implications of FEMA's implementation of the National Flood Insurance Program.    The committee has worked this Congress to understand what is driving the rise in disaster costs and losses, including particular policies that may not make much sense or may be rewarding bad behavior.    As we have seen recently with flooding in Louisiana and right in my home district in Connellsville and Bullskin Township, the National Flood Insurance Program is an important part of preparing communities for flood risks they face. We know that smart mitigation practices save the taxpayer at least $4 for every $1 invested.    It is important that local land-use and development decisions ultimately reside with local officials who understand the risks and challenges of a particular area. Additionally, it is critical that Federal agencies understand the limitations of their authorities and work within their authorities.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today.    And now I yield to the ranking member for an opening statement.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. DeFazio. And with that, I recognize the subcommittee chair, Mr. Barletta, for a statement.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you. And now I would like to recognize Mr. Curbelo to introduce one of his constituents, who is a witness today.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, and welcome. He said a soloist. Does that mean an instrument or a singer?    Mr. Shuster. OK. The high voice. Is that the low voice? I don't know anything about music.    Mr. Shuster. And with that, I will recognize Mr. Carson, the ranking member of the subcommittee, for a statement.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Carson. And, with that, we will start our panel.    First, welcome to all of you for being here. We really appreciate you taking the time to testify with us today and help educate us.    Our first witness is Mr. Michael Grimm, the Assistant Administrator for Mitigation at FEMA. Mr. Grimm, you are recognized for your statement.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Grimm. Now our next witness today is Ms. Chris Shirley, the National Flood Insurance Program coordinator for the Oregon Department of Land Conservation and Development.    Thank you for being here today.    Mr. Shuster. Ms. Shirley, if I could get you to wrap up----    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Ms. Shirley. And with that, our next witness is the Honorable Denny Doyle, the mayor of the city of Beaverton, Oregon.    Thank you for being here today and proceed, Mr. Doyle.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mayor Doyle. Our next witness today was introduced, the Honorable Heather Carruthers, the county commissioner from Monroe County, Florida. And she is testifying on behalf of the National Association of Counties.    Again, thank you for being here, and please proceed with your statement.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Commissioner Carruthers. And our final witness today is Mr. Jon Chandler, the chief executive officer of the Oregon Home Builders Association. He is testifying on behalf of the National Association of Home Builders.    Thank you for being here today, and please proceed with your statement.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Chandler. And again, this is an important issue. Any time that the Federal Government tries to expand an agency's powers without congressional authority, and go beyond the mission of FEMA, it is troubling. And just the last words you said there, Mr. Chandler, it can be very, very damaging to development, to the economy, to job creation, which is important to all of us.    And this is happening right in Mr. DeFazio's State, in his backyard. So I am going to forgo my questions. I am going to yield Mr. DeFazio my 5 minutes so he has a full 10 minutes to really get into questioning here, because he knows the situation. And so I will leave it to him to use my 5 minutes.    So, Mr. DeFazio, I yield to you.