    Mr. Hilkemann. Hilkemann.    Mr. Hilkemann. Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, Aviation Subcommittee Ranking Member LoBiondo--excuse me, Larsen is the ranking member. Aviation Subcommittee Chairman LoBiondo, distinguished members of the committee, I would like to just talk a little bit about Duncan Aviation. We are a family-owned business. We began in 1956. We are based in Lincoln, Nebraska.    Mr. Hilkemann. Sure. We have over 2,000 employees, including over 500 veterans. We have three major facilities, Lincoln, Nebraska, Battle Creek, Michigan, and Provo, Utah. We have 18 satellite facilities around the country. Approximately 25 percent of our business is from the international foreign registered aircraft. I am currently vice chairman of the General Aviation Manufacturers Association's board of directors, and I also chair our Airworthiness and Maintenance Policy Committee.    I want to begin by commending the FAA for selecting, conducting, and coordinating the Aviation Rulemaking Committee, ARC. This panel was established under the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. The ARC developed six recommendations that Duncan Aviation supports. I would like to highlight two which I believe are key to assist both the FAA and industry.    The primary recommendation of the ARC was to establish a master electronic database for the agency and industry use. By including internal directives, policy memos, legal interpretations, the FAA and industry could consistently interpret regulations. The second key recommendation of the ARC that I believe is significant is the establishment of the RCCB, the Regulatory Consistency Communication Board. This would enable the FAA and industry to have an arbiter to settle different interpretations of the rules, both within each party and between the parties.    These two initiatives could significantly impact issues that Duncan Aviation and others in our industry encounter. These issues currently involve inconsistent interpretation and application of the regulation, and a lack of effective communication and dialogue during dispute resolution.    Duncan has encountered these issues for our mobile maintenance units in the past 2\1/2\ years. It was a process that directly impacted our ability to open additional units on a timely basis while also costing time and resources to resolve. Establishing the RCCB could have resolved this issue in a much more timely fashion. I want to point out that the FAA has recognized the need for more guidance on mobile maintenance units and is drafting additional guidance at this time.    Other improvements in oversight, including reducing redundant audits and moving to a more centralized risk-based approach to safety, the FAA is in agreement and recently issued a paper to ICAO. The upcoming FAA reauthorization offers the FAA policymakers and industry the opportunity to work together to promote safety and do so in an effective and efficient manner.    Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, Aviation Subcommittee Chairman LoBiondo, and Aviation Subcommittee Ranking Member Larsen, on behalf of Duncan Aviation, I want to thank you for your leadership and the opportunity to provide this perspective. I will be glad to answer any questions that you have.    Mr. Hilkemann. You know, on the mobile repair station unit we had been--there is a couple of different ways----    Mr. Hilkemann. Right.    Mr. Hilkemann. Exactly. They may have a truck or a van that they use to take the equipment out to. We had approximately 20 of those in place that we had been authorized as a work-away for, oh, probably a 10- or 15-year period. There was a change. They requested us to make a change to that. We wanted to discuss it. We asked for an extension, and normally you have 10 days to respond. We asked for an extension. The net of the story is we ultimately put in the applications at their request. About 6 months later we did start to receive letters of fines for operating in the interim period under that old way. Ultimately, it has been resolved, and today, after 2\1/2\ years of a process, we are putting the application back into--change them back to the original process.    So there was clearly a--you know, an indecision on what the correct manner. Neither changed what we were doing. It was really simply a matter of how they would be--under what compliance we were under and what rule.    Mr. Hilkemann. Right.    Mr. Hilkemann. No. No, it is not in place now, but I do think, I feel strongly if that would have been in place and we could have brought that to that committee, it could have been resolved. I think what happens, and I understand the process, once it becomes a legal matter, then it eliminates our ability to have further discussions, whether it is in Washington or in the region. It makes it a difficult process to get resolved.    Mr. Hilkemann. Duncan Aviation has an ODA. We have for a number of years.    Mr. Hilkemann. I am sorry. Duncan Aviation does have an ODA, and we have for a number of years.    Mr. Hilkemann. It has been very successful for us as well. There is a lot of work. We had a lot of staff.    In our case, what we are able to do is also hire unit members that we don't have on staff full-time. Because of the variety of the airplanes that we work on, we don't have dedicated unit members for each of the applications that we use, so we hire them as we do--as we need. So that is how some of the smaller companies go about doing it.    I would say there are members on my committee of GAMA, the Airworthiness and Maintenance Policy Committee, that do not have ODAs. And I think it depends on the region on how quickly, you know, they--they could be sequenced or they could not be. You know, I would say in our region, that has never been an issue to my knowledge, but I can't comment about all the other regions, but clearly it can be a challenge in certain smaller companies who don't have or can afford to invest in the ODA.    Mr. Hilkemann. Yeah, it is difficult for me to answer that question since I am not part of that process at this point.    Mr. Hilkemann. Sure. You know, the two areas that we interface with the FAA is on the repair station and then on the design and modification system, part 21. In both of those areas, you know, I would say we had--our interface with the FAA has been very positive. I think on the ODA side, for what we do, with a lot of insulation, they can range all the way from a complete new cockpit to a cabin management system to a WiFi system to just additional item in the cockpit. Most of those we are able to do under the ODA, almost all those. At some times, the FAA picks and choose to have oversight on some of those, but I would say the majority are done by the--through our ODA, and we approve those in the same manner that Boeing does on their authority. So in our case, I would say the ODA is working and it allows us to innovate and install a lot of new equipment.    Mr. Hilkemann. What we find, you know, we hire people from all walks of the services. In other words, if they were working on tanks, they were working on aircraft, or if they were working on helicopters, they have a certain amount of mechanical skills that they have learned, and so we are able to hire them directly into our facility. And then, depending on the experience that they receive and their own abilities, they are able to move up very quickly in our organization.    So we don't have a lot of transition. A lot of the bases have their own transition training back into the public sector, so they are coming directly to us. I would say half of those are referrals from existing veterans that have been in our company in the last year, the last few years. So I get to meet every individual we hire through an orientation process, and I always ask them how did you find out about us and why did you decide to join us. And I would say of 50 percent of those are referrals from existing individuals, and in the case of veterans, it is from other veterans.    Mr. Hilkemann. Implementation and use of the ODA has worked well for us in our region.    Mr. Hilkemann. Well, the inconsistencies have been more on the repair station interpretations as you get new inspectors and additional inspectors. I think if you look at the ODA, the more responsibilities, the more things that the ODA can do, because some ODAs are very limited.    Mr. Hilkemann. The more things that the ODAs can train themselves, add staff to, and develop, in effect, you are decreasing that thousand, you know, requirement jobs that you talked about that the FAA would need, or you make the resources available for those small companies that was suggested--you know, suggested is out there or concern for the smaller company.    So I think, you know, if we can get all the ODAs operating at the highest level possible and additional delegation, in effect, that reduces the need for additional inspectors and creates capacity for the rest of the system.    Mr. Hilkemann. One hundred percent. It is the most important thing for us. You know, our reputation is only as good as the last aircraft we delivered, so every aircraft has to go out.    Mr. Hilkemann. From Duncan Aviation's standpoint, I guess I would look at it from GAMA, the Airworthiness and Maintenance Policy Committee. We have been in existence now for I think around 3 years, and I think almost at every meeting we have had, we have had an FAA representative there who can discuss issues and concerns and things that we are seeing in the industry. And so that was probably the genesis of the additional guidance on the mobile maintenance unit.    So, from our standpoint, it is very positive to have that interface. Everyone that is on that committee walks away saying, we are glad we came to that last meeting. And, you know, the feedback I have received from the FAA has been the same. So it is a great resource, and anyone who is not on the committees, they are losing out on a lot of opportunity to interface and have feedback back and forth.    Mr. Hilkemann. No, I don't think so.    Mr. Hilkemann. Sure. To give you an idea of what we see in terms of redundancy, each week, we get about four or five paperwork audits a week that are sent into us. It is a requirement for most of the charter operators to conduct that and to send that to us. But we also have customers that follow those same standards. So that is happening on a weekly basis.    On a monthly basis, we are audited by the FAA at one or multiple sites of our facilities.    And then, on an international basis, we have six to eight international entities coming in for approximately a week throughout the year. And those are the audits that we pay for, either through license fees and additional audits. Some may stay for 2 or 3 days. Some may stay up to a week. So those are happening on a bimonthly basis.    Mr. Hilkemann. All right. In terms of growth, our business is heavy maintenance. And it is usually done 6 to 12 years after the aircraft are manufactured. So that is the bulk of our business. So we benefit from deliveries that occurred in the last 10 to 15 years. And even before the recession, we had record levels of deliveries in our industry. So because of that inaction in our industry, the large and ultra large aircraft continued to be sold during the recession--worldwide, more outside the U.S. than in the U.S.    But because of that, our business is still projected to grow. We have recovered the volume that we lost during the recession. We probably have grown--I think the numbers, if I look at it, from about $300 million to about $500 million today since 2009. So we have recovered the portion that we lost during that first year in the recession, and we have increased that. So that is on a positive standpoint.    As far as what progress have we made, you know, I think, on the ODA side, we have made progress because we have had more authorities and we can do more things. On the repair station side, we currently have 56 auditors that audit our facilities. And when you do that, you have 56 opinions. Now, those are managed through Lincoln--it is called ICAO--our managing office in Lincoln. But, clearly, when we have changed back to having that number of inspectors, you are going to have differences of opinion.    So, for about 12 years, we were in a certificate management unit where we had dedicated inspectors. We had five in Lincoln. We had three or four remote inspectors that were full time with us. I think the positive thing from that is it showed us that there were a lot of things over the years prior that created inconsistencies. We were able to fix those. We do have some concern. It is too early to tell you that it is going to be better or worse, but we do have some concerns when you have the quantity of the inspectors that we have today under this new system.