    Ms. Matsui. I thank the gentleman for yielding to me.    The hearing today is looking for ways to deny low-income women and families access to health services by excluding Planned Parenthood from the Medicaid program. The termination of Medicaid funding for Planned Parenthood would create a serious deficiency in women's health providers across our country.    Medicaid serves nearly 12 million Californians, and Planned Parenthood provides services to nearly 1 million people at 117 health centers in California alone. Defunding Planned Parenthood would leave millions in California and across the country without access to essential health services. We should not allow politicians to deny a woman access to health care and to infringe upon her right to make decisions about her own body.    Even more appalling is the idea of the Government infringing upon these rights, specifically for low-income women. That is not right. Our colleagues would deny women's health and Medicaid services because they don't like Planned Parenthood. They are even threatening to shut down the Government in order to advance these extreme views.    I stand in opposition to these bills. I urge my colleagues to put aside partisan politics and refocus on efforts to expand and improve programs that our constituents rely upon.    And I yield to Representative Capps.    Ms. Matsui. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, I just want to point out that you are saying that these are--people have said that there are unedited videos out there, but we don't have any proof that they are unedited videos. So that is just out there. We don't believe that they truly are unedited. And I want to go back to my questions here.    Now, Professor Waxman, I am going to get back to these radical bills. Each gives States the power to cut off funding to any provider that is, quote, ``suspected of violating the partial-birth abortion ban or causing the termination of an infant born alive.'' I want to see if you can help me understand what this evidentiary standard might mean in practice.    If these bills became law, could a State that suspected a health center was violating these laws based on an anonymous tip cut off funding?    Ms. Matsui. Could a State that suspected a violation based on doctored videos released by an anti-abortion extremist cut off funding?    Ms. Matsui. Does the legislation say anything about what evidence a State must provide to satisfy the standard for suspecting a violation?    Ms. Matsui. Does the legislation say anything about the due process a State must provide before it cuts off funding?    Ms. Matsui. Well, these bills would give State politicians who are opposed to abortion free rein to slash funding for women's health care based on nothing more than their own political views and a suspicion. Do you agree with that?    Ms. Matsui. Let me ask you another question. What do you think the impact of these bills would be? Would States start slashing funding for women's health centers? Would access to reproductive health care increase or decrease?    Ms. Matsui. OK. Now, the majority continues to claim that current Planned Parenthood funding could be redirected to existing community health centers and that with this additional funding these community health centers could adequately absorb the increased demand that would inevitably follow if Planned Parenthood were to close its doors.    Can you describe if there are enough clinics, if there is adequate capacity in existing the healthcare system to absorb all of Planned Parenthood's patients?    Ms. Matsui. Well, thank you.    Ms. Matsui. Well, thank you very much. My time has run out.