    Dr. Fleming. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to specifically question Dr. Michaels and Dr. Dayaratna. I am a physician by training. What we do is we evaluate things based on evidence, what we call evidence-based science. That is why modern medicine is so far advanced just since the 1940s, and so that is key here.    Now from the data, what I see is that there is a zero percent accuracy in prediction of global warming, which by the way, experts tell me that if you cannot predict it, you do not understand it.    So we have a zero percent prediction of global warming. But we have 100 percent accuracy when it comes to economic damage of global warming policies in terms of shutting down coal-fired plants, the effect on the economy, on jobs, and on electricity rates. So we are not really doing very well in dealing with these policies.    But it is also interesting that whenever we get into these discussions, and I must apologize to you for my colleagues who would rather focus on who you work for rather than what the actual science is. I think that is very telling, rather than really let us talk about the science, and that is what is so important.    Dr. Fleming. Also, I am going to give you a chance in just a moment to respond any way you want, but the other thing is since when did truth in science develop out of consensus? I don't get that.    We don't get doctors together in a room and say we don't know the answers to these questions, but we will just take a vote and we will decide that that is the truth and that is how we are going to treat disease. I have never seen that happen, but that is exactly what is happening with this global warming policy effort.    So I would like for both of you to respond to that.    Dr. Fleming. Yes.    Dr. Fleming. Yes, sir.    Dr. Fleming. Sure.    Dr. Fleming. Right.    Dr. Fleming. Right. So to give you a comparison, if we were to send a rocket, say, and try to land on the moon and we go through all of the mathematics and computer analysis, but we begin with incorrect assumptions, it is probably not likely we will make it to the moon, correct?    Dr. Fleming. So you have to start with known information or at least information that the probability is very high to be correct. But as you point out, we make all sorts of assumptions in these computer models. We put them in, and then we spit them out on the other end and we say the computer somehow knows the truth.    Dr. Fleming. But the computer does not know anything that we have not told it; is that correct?    Dr. Fleming. Just quickly, I get the impression that politics is leading science rather than science leading policy. What is your opinion on that?