    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank all for being here. Thank you for your service to our country. And I am just going to jump right in, General Klotz. You have talked about the responsive infrastructure and you have been asked about that. Isn't that lacking, because there is a key uranium facility and a key plutonium facility that need to be planned and built, and we are not doing that?    General Klotz. We could take--we are working on both of those, and we can take them separately. On the plutonium side, as I indicated earlier in an earlier response, we had the capability at one time at Rocky Flats in Colorado to produce literally thousands of pits per year for a much larger stockpile than we now have. We no longer have that kind of capacity, and we foresee a need in the future for being able to produce a greater number of pits than we can do on basically a handful a year now at Los Alamos. So we are building up that capability.    What has changed from the past is, at one time we were looking at constructing one large facility to replace an aging facility where we did analytical chemistry and material characterization related to plutonium at Los Alamos, and now we have adopted a more modular approach, re-purposing some existing facilities, moving equipment around, and beginning the process of design for some external modules, which will allow us to increase the capacity of space that we have. So that is underway. We have got money in the budget, we have an ask and a request for that.    Mr. Lamborn. How far away is that from being done?    General Klotz. What is the expectation?    Mr. Lamborn. Well, I am very concerned, because this and the uranium facility were part of what was promised by the administration to get the Senate to ratify the New START Treaty. And when I see that elements of this are 15 years away, up to 15 years away, I am just really concerned that the administration hasn't been keeping its end of the bargain. That is, frankly, what my concern is.    General Klotz. If I could shift to uranium, since you asked about that, our principal facility for doing that is the Y-12 facility in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, and there we do have the capacity to conduct uranium operations. Our concern, however, is if much of the work is done in a facility, we call it 9212, which is decades old, is really showing signs of wear and tear, and we are concerned obviously about the safety not only of our operations there, but more importantly, the people, the employees.    Mr. Lamborn. And how far away is that from being----    General Klotz. Again, we have changed our approach from doing a big-box approach where you put everything into one box, and, therefore, every square foot costs as much as the most expensive requirement driven by security and safety, to having a distributed, segregated approach where we segregate activities by hazard and security category.    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. Lastly, I want to address Admiral Richardson. If you could come up to the empty mike, that would be great. And by the way, I know the chairman recently led a congressional delegation to Idaho, and you were there and hosted us at the Naval Reactors. General Klotz, you were there, and I really appreciate that. I think we all got a lot out of that.    And since that visit, I have gone to a local firm in my district, Cogitic. A couple of brothers are getting a business. It is amazingly capable in producing parts for nuclear submarines, like the valves, the ball valves and things like that. So it is just amazing all that goes into the nuclear enterprise from start to finish. But real quick--oh, gosh. I have run out of time.    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. I will just ask this question. And thank you, Mr. Chairman, I have to run to the floor on what they are discussing right now, but my question is this: On low-enriched uranium, there are some who talk about, well, that can be used as a substitute for highly enriched uranium. Is there really any promising future to a military capability for low-enriched uranium?    Mr. Lamborn. Admiral, I am going to have to run, but----    Mr. Lamborn . Do you see a current military benefit to using low-enriched uranium today?    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you all for being here and for your service.