    Ms. Swanson. I forgot to press the button. Should have known. And the Federal Forest Resource Coalition. I really appreciate the opportunity to talk to you about our National Forest, which is the Allegheny. The Allegheny is our largest landownership block in our region at 513,000 acres, which is really small compared to a lot of your National Forests. But the management of that forest is vital for the future of the forest products industry.    The Allegheny, like many National Forests, is not really contributing to where we would like it, and able to support our local economy, and meet the goals that are actually laid out in our forest plan. After years of timber sale litigation, the plan actually set some very modest goals. For example, the goal for regeneration harvest is 1,700 to 2,500 acres per year. And in the first 6 years of implementation, the forest has only averaged 500 acres of regeneration harvest. So you can see that that isn't going to get us where we need to go. And the result of that is we have very much less early succession forest than what we would like to have. Over the last 5 years, timber outputs for the forest have declined by about 11 percent, and in addition to that, 40 percent of our outputs is in lower value timber rather than the valuable saw timber that drives our forest products economy.    Pennsylvania is known for its high quality hardwoods, and the Allegheny has always been in the center of that. At least it has in the past. It seems to us that the problems are sort of two-fold, probably more than that, but I am going to speak to two. Initially, when the forest draws up plans to work on projects, and they would actually meet forest plan objectives. Then, after lengthy NEPA and surveys, layer upon layer, the projects are actually diminished, and in some cases, in the end, they don't actually meet the objectives that were laid out in the first place. And generally, they have marginal economic value for timber producers. The goal of a diverse healthy forest ecosystem is often compromised.    Second, the forest, because of litigation, has decided the best approach to management is to try to develop projects that would draw no objections. This tendency to kind of assume that collaboration must mean unanimous, gives management groups power over them, whether they appeal or not. And we have actually seen where our forest didn't use the new authority that they were given under the insect and disease designation. We would like to see them do that. We have Hemlock woolly adelgid in our state, we have the Emerald Ash Borer, and we would have liked to have seen them use it on those things. And we hope that they will, but they are a little afraid to be the first one in the East to actually use that.    At the end of the day, we have an aging forest that is starting to show serious signs of decline. Instead of regeneration of commercially valuable species, we are focusing on thinning, older stands. Professional foresters talk about the need to continue to change the stand composition. It is like prescribing vigorous exercise to nursing home residents. Something is probably going to happen, but I don't know if it will be good.    In my written testimony, we made some recommendations about further legislation. The farm bill and the things that you have done we really appreciate, but it does encourage collaboration, it expedites analysis, and it reduces gridlock, but the real need is to clarify the management mandate on National Forests. Go beyond giving them permission to manage, and start providing direction for them to manage. I would like to see a trust approach to relatively small portions of the National Forest designated for timber production. It would be a good starting point. Let's manage those areas that we really are supposed to manage. Federal Forest Resource Coalition stands ready to help the Forest Service and you to do that. We would like to find a better way.    Ms. Swanson. Yes.    The Chairman.--ahead of problems, but it is also about influencing the best we can the market, the timber market, and we have some trade agreements we are working on, and we need to be vigilant and I encourage Members of this Subcommittee to be vigilant with those to make sure that our timber products or our forest products are well positioned in those trade agreements. But then there are other things in terms of market, but then there is also value and being concerned. And that is a little tougher, and there are not a lot of things we can do sometimes because it is kind of subjective to the whims of the consumer. But your statement actually speaks to something--my question for you, it appears you are saying that we have these great cherry trees----    Ms. Swanson. Yes.    The Chairman.--but if we do not--and other species are probably in the same scope of things, that there is a prime-time and a past-time for harvesting. And so can you speak to the situation where we may be--because we are not as aggressive or not fulfilling our harvesting, for a host of reasons that these trees that are owned by the taxpayers, and that our resources are supposed to be----    Ms. Swanson. Right.    The Chairman.--the taxpayers will benefit financially from, can you speak to what happens on value when we don't timber----    Ms. Swanson. There was----    The Chairman.--timely?    Ms. Swanson. There have been some instances where they have gone in and thinned stands that are like 90 years old, and they actually ended up doing more harm to the residual trees that were left than if they would have if harvested properly. I think that you do create a situation where you are not getting the best value of the trees, so you do have to be conscious of that. Our state forests and our local forest products industry has stopped doing that, in fact, and they have gone right to a regeneration harvest at a certain level. The Forest Service has been slower to adapt to that. Now, they are starting to, but it really has made a big difference in the quality of the timber that is coming off of some of those sales. So I do think that you have to be really aware of what you are doing and the choices that you make because, really, the cherry market is high value.    The Chairman. Yes, thank you. My next question, actually, is for Ms. Humphries and Ms. McCarthy, the points that you have both made. Ms. Humphries, in your testimony you talk about wildlife managers consider active management the best solution to meet habitat requirements of the largest variety of species. And then, obviously, in terms of water quality, Ms. McCarthy, you have made that implication as well with what you presented. And so I guess what I am hearing is that both animals, critters, birds, and mammals, as well as water quality can be significantly negatively impacted when we don't have active management. And so I would like you to speak to that. And I guess I am going into a dangerous area probably for me, but it is what I am passionate about, how does that speak for wilderness areas where we don't touch it at all in terms of active management, and yet these things will all be subject to these implications?    Ms. Swanson. Well, you are absolutely right. It has had a really devastating impact on us. The inconsistency of that leadership on the forest has really suffered for that. We have had seven Forest Supervisors in 10 years, from different perspectives, if you are working under that situation, you are going to be probably hesitant to move forward very much because each person looks at it differently. The other thing is generally, the Forest Supervisors that have come, have come from the West. And there is a really large learning curve so they really can't be expected to learn about eastern forests and the difference in the silviculture, and all of those things, in a year or 2. It takes a good 2 or 3 years to get them up-to-speed, and they are not there that long. I would think it is having a huge detrimental impact on the rest of the staff. There is no consistency. For the industry, it has really been hard because of that lack of consistency. You are asking for suggestions on how we might change that. Generally, people have been encouraged to move around, to move up in the ranks. Maybe if you could look at that a little differently where people maybe are encouraged to stay in one place and allowed to rise more locally would be helpful so that you can maintain that legacy of knowledge.    The differences between eastern forests and western forests are great, and many of the last Forest Supervisors we have had have come from western forests that do not have the same forest issues that we have in the East. It would be nice to find somebody that already has that experience when they go in as Forest Supervisors. I don't know how you really manage all that, but it really has had a huge negative impact on our forest in particular.    The Chairman. I want to thank you for that. I want to get your thoughts too on the conversation I had with the Chief regarding the number of board feet is up significantly since I was first elected, but at the same time, there is just a small percentage out of that 38 million board feet last year, it was somewhere around 12 or 13 million board feet that actually were green----    Ms. Swanson. Saw timber.    The Chairman.--saw timber. Can you speak to that and just the implications of what that is for our communities?    Ms. Swanson. Well, on the Allegheny, we have a really healthy diversity of those segments of the industry. We have a strong pulpwood market, we have a paper mill and particle boards, so we can use that material, but generally, the engine that moves the train is the saw timber. It is valuable. The veneers, all of those that go for high-end products. It used to be we had a 60 percent saw timber and a 40 percent pulpwood market, and now that has switched and we have more like a 40 percent saw timber market or volume harvest, and a 60 percent lower grade. And that really is not appropriate for a forest like the Allegheny. It really impacts the communities as a whole because less money is coming out in the 25 percent fund, and I just think overall, the higher quality products you are producing, the greater the economic value to the communities are. The sawmills can produce not only boards, but secondary manufacturing of those boards, and they can make cabinets and flooring and things like that where you want it to be a balance, but on the Allegheny right now, it seems to be kind of lopsided. So I would really like for us to be able to get up to more saw timber, but still maintain a healthy pulpwood market too.    The Chairman. Very good. Ms. Humphries, your testimony voiced support for expanding categorical exclusions. I know we worked hard to have a number of those in this last farm bill. Can you give us some examples of any potential categorical exclusions that--additional ones that would be helpful or that you would support?    Ms. Swanson. Well, we would all rather avoid litigation if at all possible. I do think arbitration--I would be happy to have a process that would eliminate some litigation.    We had probably 8 or 10 years of litigation on a lot of timber sales from 1996 through the 2000, and it really had a totally demoralizing impact, not only on the Forest Service, but the industry and the communities. No one wins in that situation. So if you can find ways to get people talking and finding value in different places in different ways so that you can bridge those gaps, everybody benefits from that.    The Chairman. All right, thank you.    Ms. Humphries, you want to expand on why it is that you have expressed support for the arbitration process?