    Mr. Benishek. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Well, thank you both for being here. Amazing resumes.    Ambassador, you mentioned something to me that I didn't quite understand, and that is that the plight of subsistence farmers, you mentioned, in some of these foreign countries has gotten worse because of global trade. Can you explain that to me?    Mr. Benishek. I guess I have a different idea of what subsistence farming is then. I mean, to me, it was that they are growing their own food.    Mr. Benishek. Does that mean they still couldn't grow their food cheaper than they could buy it? I don't understand.    Mr. Benishek. All right.    Mr. Negroponte.--of these imports.    Mr. Benishek. Let me just go on then. Dr. Beckham, tell me about this One Health thing that you mentioned a couple of times, a little bit more. I am not sure I understand that either.    Mr. Benishek. I think many have said the United States lacks a coordinated biodefense strategy. And what do you think in the development of a coordinated biodefense strategy is one or two of the most important things to do? You did mention better coordination----    Mr. Benishek. We don't have anything like that now?    Mr. Benishek. Ambassador, do you have any comments on that question?    Mr. Benishek. Well, in your initial comments you talked about the stability of the world in general, and the ability of local governments to feed their people as a major factor in that, and basically, you said in all your travels, agriculture is always brought up. What can we do better to stabilize this? What programs we have now and what can we improve----    Mr. Benishek.--to make that better?    Mr. Negroponte.--we do, of course, have problems. The Agriculture Department has some, Feed the Future, and they contribute to giving scholarships to people to come from other countries. I think that is very important to the extent that knowledge and expertise can be spread.    I think maintaining a presence, keeping eyes and ears of the Agriculture Department around the world is important. I think agricultural attaches are a great resource at the various embassies we have around the world. The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, they have people abroad. I think that is one of the issues that Dr. Beckham was alluding to, and also the Congresswoman who was asking about how you hold people accountable. We need to get those kinds of people out in the field and serving at critical countries and embassies around the world. For example, I know in the country of Nigeria, the most populous country in Africa, the agricultural attaches' office has been closed, and it is being covered as a regional responsibility in one of the other embassies on the continent. I think that is the kind of thing that maybe ought to be reconsidered. We need a robust presence of both out general agricultural experts and agricultural economists and our scientific people as well.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you. I am----    The Chairman. The----    Mr. Benishek. I am out of time.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    I now recognize Mr. Newhouse for 5 minutes of questioning.