    Ms. CHU. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    One of the focuses of this Subcommittee is to ensure that small businesses are given the tools to comply with regulations without increasing their costs. This is particularly true when it comes to taxes and interacting with the Internal Revenue Service.    In the past, when small businesses have testified before the Committee, they have told us that complexity and uncertainty create difficulty when filing tax returns. Many business owners worry that one simple mistake can lead to a costly and timely audit, and at a time when many businesses are striving to expand and hire additional employees, every hour and dollar counts.    As a result of IRS procedures and administrative challenges, small firms must devote greater resources towards accounts and lawyers to properly report income and pay taxes. Over a quarter of small businesses in the 2015 National Small Business Association's Taxation Survey stated that they spent over $10,000 on tax compliance, and another 8 percent stated that they employ an outside tax expert to handle tax issues.    Unlike larger, multinational corporations, the time spent by small businesses in complying with tax laws is much more costly, impacting business expansion, job growth, economic prosperity, and growth of small businesses. They should not also have to face intense scrutiny from the IRS through business audits and inadequate IRS compliance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Nevertheless, small firms cite filing hardships, aggressive auditing, and collection procedures as confusing as to how a new regulation will affect their business.    Seeing as our nation's fiscal constraints are an ongoing priority, I understand that closing the $450 billion tax gap is critical to our long-term prosperity, but so are small businesses. Any effort to increase tax compliance must be done in a way that is responsible, fair, and not disproportionately burdensome to small firms.    Today's hearing will give us a better grasp of the scope and collection techniques regarding small business audits. This hearing also allows us to examine what is being done to minimize IRS regulatory procedural burdens for small entities. I believe that this information is even more important right now as the agency seeks to be more efficient due to financial realities. The fact of the matter remains that the IRS cannot review and modify the procedures impacting small businesses if Congress continues to cut their budget every year. These actions have weakened the IRS's ability to enforce the nation's tax laws while also providing sufficient customer service for our small businesses. With the proper tools, America's small firms can sustain the economic growth currently underway by investing in their operations without fear of an audit and confusing regulations.    With that, I would like to thank the witnesses for being here today. I yield back.    Ms. CHU. It is my pleasure to introduce Ms. Emily Peterson-Cassin. Ms. Cassin is the Coordinator of Public Citizen's Bright Lines Project. The Bright Lines Project was founded in 2008 and worked to change the big test that currently defines political activity for nonprofits. Before joining Public Citizen, she worked as an attorney in ERISA litigation and in indigent representation. She received her juris doctorate from Georgetown University Law School.    Welcome, Ms. Peterson-Cassin.    Ms. CHU. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Peterson-Cassin, the Regulatory Flexibility Act, or RegFlex, was passed by Congress and mandates that Federal agencies consider the potential economic impact of Federal regulations on small entities. In fact, it was this Committee that created the RegFlex Act over 25 years ago. How can the lack of RegFlex compliance from the IRS impact the ability of small businesses to adjust according to a new regulation?    Ms. CHU. Well, this Regulatory Flexibility Act, RegFlex, and the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act, were designed with small business compliance in mind. What are the most advantageous aspects of these laws and could these tools be extended to further assist small firms?    Ms. CHU. Absolutely. Now I would like to ask you about the significant budget cuts at the IRS. The IRS has had significant budget cuts and it has resulted in limited resources. Is it realistic to think that the IRS can appropriately and efficiently perform all the duties it has been tasked to do while also reviewing the modified problem areas, like the price of audit on taxpayer accounts? How can increasing the IRS budget, and therefore increasing personnel, address many of the problems we are hearing about today?    Ms. CHU. How about increasing personnel and increasing the budget? What could that do to address these problems that we are hearing about?    Ms. CHU. Thank you. I yield back.    Ms. CHU. Yes. Mr. Davenport, I was intrigued by the recommendations of the Electronic Tax Administration Advisory Committee. Electronic signatures is just such a basic common sense idea and would allow small business owners to save time and money when filing their taxes electronically. How could such a simple administrative change create efficiency for small businesses and the IRS?    Ms. CHU. What makes implementing these changes so difficult for the IRS? Why is it taking so long? Also, are there any downfalls to allowing electronic signature, such as fraud or ID theft?    Ms. CHU. Mr. Harris, collecting tax debt is possible through flexible collection tools and can be an efficient way of helping these individuals, yet these tools are rarely utilized by the IRS and instead tax liens, levies, and seizures are used. What makes liens and levies, which are much harsher points of collection, the preferred method for IRS agents?    Ms. CHU. I yield back since I think votes have been called.