    Mr. Hannum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Bass, for inviting me to appear before the committee today. I used to work on the staff of Congresswoman Connie Morella, and it is a pleasure to be back on the House side.    I now work at the Better World Campaign, which aims to highlight the value of a strong U.S.-U.N. relationship. But, as your subcommittee knows and as some of the witnesses have outlined, there is a cancer within the United Nations; namely, sexual abuse by peacekeepers.    The victims of this abuse are real, as are the consequences. Just 2 weeks ago, a 16-year-old girl was alleged raped by a Congolese peacekeeper in a hotel room. Hearing horrendous reports like these from the Central African Republic, it would be natural to demand the withdrawal of all U.N. peacekeepers, but this basic instinct to protect needs to be balanced against the good that peacekeepers continue to do there. The U.N. mission in CAR has played a critical role in reducing ethnic violence, facilitating democratic elections, and fostering the highest economic growth in 15 years. So, the question is, how do we support the vital work being done by U.N. peacekeepers in CAR and elsewhere and at the same time implement meaningful steps to stop sexual exploitation and abuse by peacekeepers? We believe if the U.N. is to root out the bad actors, whether they hail from the developed or developing world, they must show that their newly-announced policies endorsed by the Security Council will be implementable with unshakeable resolve.    This month the Secretary-General took dramatic steps to improve transparency, naming and shaming the nations whose troops are accused of abuses. He has also kicked out an entire military contingent over evidence of widespread and systematic abuse, again, a first. Though overdue, these actions are the right course.    Even so, these measures will mean nothing unless they are actively and consistently enforced. Further, we argue that for those countries where there is evidence of widespread abuse they also should be blocked from joining new missions.    At the same time, this does not mean that the international community should accept a weak response to conflict and mass atrocities. Rather, we must demand that more countries shoulder the load. As it stands, there is a shortage of well-trained troops for a growing number of increasingly-complex, dangerous missions.    The significant increase in the size and scope of peacekeeping missions, together with the near withdrawal from peacekeeping by European and American forces, has taxed the ability of the U.N. to recruit the best-trained and equipped troops. If peacekeeping is to ultimately address sexual abuse, the responsibility must not sit with the U.N. alone. Other member states need to answer the bell.    The United States, in particular, can play an important role in the areas of training, accountability, investigations, and vetting, as outlined in my written testimony. But I must also say that, as we rightly call out the U.N. for its anemic response on abuse, we must not lose sight of the overall importance of its missions. The U.N. currently oversees 16 operations with over 100,000 personnel, the largest deployed military force in the world. Over the past several decades, both Republican and Democratic administrations have strongly supported peacekeeping. This is because it can mean the difference between life and death in the places it deploys.    A 2013 study found that deploying large numbers of U.N. peacekeepers ``dramatically reduces civilian killings.'' In South Sudan, where I know you just were, Congresswoman Bass, U.N. forces are currently working to protect nearly 200,000 civilians. In CAR, Amnesty International just released a report saying U.N. peacekeepers have ``saved many lives and prevented much bloodshed.''    In addition, these missions are much less expensive than U.S. forces and have the strong support of our military. Admiral Mullen, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs under Presidents Bush and Obama, said, ``U.N. peacekeepers help promote stability and are very much in our national interest.''    Now it is true that the U.S. pays the largest portion of the U.N.'s peacekeeping budget, but we also wield veto power over the size of that budget due to our presence on the U.N. Security Council. That special status also puts the U.S. in a unique position to push for peacekeeping reform.    I would further argue that we are best able to pressure the U.N. for changes when we are fully engaged and paying our dues. As a result, we have been able to move forward many important reforms at the U.N. Of most relevance, in March the U.S. championed and the U.N. endorsed several of the stringent new abuse measures I have just discussed.    In addition, U.S. engagement at the U.N. has led to vital cost-cutting reforms, including reducing the cost per peacekeeper by 18 percent and the number of support staff by 3,000. Thus, if we are to eradicate the cancer within the U.N. right now, it is more important than ever that we remain fully and dutifully engaged. Only then can we ensure that the scourge of sexual abuse and exploitation can be eliminated.    Thank you.    Mr. Hannum. Thank you.    So, just a couple--on the whistleblower point, we will just way that we, the witnesses here have made some excellent points that certainly our organization has supported, and I know some U.N. officials have said there are key whistleblower reforms that need to be made. One, lessening the onus on the whistleblower themselves, one providing more confidentiality, and, three, also increasing the personal liability toward someone who retaliates. We absolutely support those.    I just want to make a general point, though, on withholding just in general, the concept, because it was mentioned in testimony, and it has certainly been mentioned before that this is the way that we are going to get things done--that we should withhold funds to the U.N.    In general, Democratic and Republican administrations have been opposed to withholding as a way to advance reform. In 2005, the Hyde bill, a centerpiece of that was withholding dues. The Bush administration was opposed to it ``because it would detract and undermine our efforts to change the U.N.''    In 2011, the House Committee on Foreign Affairs held a hearing where George W. Bush's Ambassador Mark Wallace, who was the Representative for U.N. Management and Reform, said that it would not be ``wise or beneficial to use withholding funds to implement change.''    Certainly, we believe that the best way to advance change is to pay our dues, but, then, to be at the table and pressure the U.N. and use our diplomatic leverage. And we have seen the benefits of that over the past few years. If you look at the Security Council Resolution on sexual exploitation and abuse, 2272, that was written by the United States, it called for things and endorsed the Secretary-General. And many member states were opposed to it. But because of our good standing and our leverage, we were able to advance it.    As I mentioned in my testimony, there have been a number of important cost-cutting reforms. There were major changes pushed by the U.S. Mission this December to changes in how staff salaries are calculated. This could lead to hundreds of millions in savings. And again, that doesn't happen if we are not there at the table in good standing and, then, to say, look, we are here, but now we are asking for these changes. I think that is why it is important.    I think in terms of sexual exploitation and abuse, what the Secretary-General has called for, the naming and shaming, kicking out countries, that is absolutely critical and it is something the U.S. has supported. I think it is extremely important.    I also want to address the question on jail time. So, that has been a major problem with the U.N., but I would also say other armies in terms of just the overall investigations, I think, of the investigations which have been found to be substantiated. Only in 55 percent has there been any type of disciplinary action. That is something in our testimony that would call that the U.S. really needs to use its bilateral pressure on countries.    But I would say, sadly, this is a problem for major armies and countries. In terms of the French troops and in CAR there has been no accountability for what the French troops have done, no punishments yet.    And I saw just a few days ago a report in terms of the U.S. military. It was actually looking at Japan, but these were DOD documents showing that hundreds of cases of U.S. personnel, almost no personnel went to prison, and in 30 cases all they got was a letter of reprimand. And this was for rape and sexual abuse. So, this is a major problem, but not just for the U.N.    Mr. Hannum. Thank you.    Yes, a couple of things just in terms of demands. Our Director Peter Yeo just put out an op-ed the other day in The LA Times talking about--it is called ``No More Rapists in Peacekeeping.'' It was quite blunt.    But the importance of certainly what the Secretary-General did in naming and shaming, kicking out countries. But what will be critical going forward is to hold firm there, that countries with widespread and systematic abuse are not allowed back in, that this is absolutely essential and the Security Council needs to back it.    Now, in order for this to be successful, part of the problem is peacekeeping operations have been a lot larger, a lot more complex, and a lot more dangerous. In places like CAR and Mali, when there are demands, the international community is saying there is a crisis happening right now, there are not that many countries that raise their hands. And so, the U.N. can sometimes be in a difficult situation.    So, a year from now, when there is a crisis, where there will be--Burundi or you name it--the U.N. needs to hold firm and say countries with a bad record cannot come in, but there also needs to be other member states who can fit the bill, who are well-trained and well-equipped.    You are exactly right, the EU 20 years ago we were at 40 percent of peacekeeping troops. Now that is 6 percent. The U.S. 20 years ago was about 700 troops. They are now at 70.    And so, I think the U.S. can help here. It made very important strides with the leadership summit last September at the U.N. General Assembly. That was important. There were 40,000 pledges for that. So, I think it will be critical for the U.S. to push countries to make that those pledges materialize; also, to make sure that countries are actually raising their hands for CAR and Mali. So, these things are necessary.    But I would make one other point, just in terms of, well, we should just demand this and we should demand that. And we can talk about how much the U.S. pays. That is true, but the U.S. does not provide that many troops. They are for the most part provided by the developing world. And as I said, these peacekeeping operations, this is not what it was 20 years ago. This is not observing a ceasefire. This is going into a place like Mali, which is the frontline on the war on terror, South Sudan, where the government is actively targeting you, and asking people to go to someone else's civil war and potentially die. In Mali, 60 peacekeepers have died in the past 18 months; three more died today. These are very dangerous places.    To just go in and say, ``I need you to do this, this, and this,'' that is not going to play particularly well. That doesn't mean we take a soft touch and do nothing. We should absolutely use our leverage. But, at the same time, to get buy-in, we need troop-contributing countries to actually want to do this. And if we are simply demanding things and, then, saying, ``Oh, well, the U.S. is doing this,'' you create a north/south divide.    So, we need to also be able to work with countries because these peacekeeping missions are increasingly dangerous and difficult, and we need well-trained, well-equipped troops to go there. If we are making all sorts of demands without particular support and working with countries, then we are going to find even fewer troops and it is going to be even more difficult to address atrocities when they arise.    Mr. Hannum. Yes. Thank you.    In terms of the AU, there are a couple of hybrid missions. UNAMID is one. The mission in Somalia is another; the UNAMID mission supported by the U.N.    And there is potential, there is promise in some cases to say you have got troops who are closer to the action who should be there. I think Dr. Elbasri could say that there are certainly issues with the AU troops, and there was a paper just the other day by Paul Williams talking about some of the problems with AU troops, the accountability, training. So, it is certainly worthy of consideration, but it is not a magic bullet by any stretch.    Mr. Hannum. If I could just follow up one thing. I mean, to be clear, though, it is true they do it for a number of different reasons. The total amount works to about $16,000 a year. But, yes, there are benefits, but in terms of the reality of peacekeeping right now, not a lot of countries are raising their hands to go to CAR and Mali. So, they may do it, but they also may die there. So, the notion that this is just something that they can do because there's trainings--I mean, these missions are increasingly dangerous. The highest number of missions in history right now, two-thirds are in active places of conflict.    So, absolutely, they do it for all sorts of different reasons, but you get what you pay for, too. If we cut this down significantly, you are going to have more poorly-trained troops. And studies have shown that the worse-trained troops there are, the more problems you have.    So, absolutely, by no means are we saying that we shouldn't push for reforms. In the testimony I lay out a number of different things that we need to do on training. We have an existing framework right now with the GPOI program through the State Department. That should be much stronger. That should be augmented with more focus on sexual exploitation and abuse.    Thank you.    Mr. Hannum. Yes. Thank you.    So, there are a couple of things. One, I will say that an important first step, you are exactly right, the dynamic over the past 20 years is mostly countries from the developing world who are providing troops and wealthier nations who are financing it.    A key step that happened this September was the leadership summit at the U.N. General Assembly. With U.S. leadership, it led to pledges of 40,000 more troops, and China said it would provide a standby force of 8,000. Also, importantly, a number of enabling assets like helicopters. So, that was key, and there just needed to be a greater supply. This was a greater supply from a much larger universe of troops. So, that was important. Making sure those pledges materialize will be key.    On the training front, you are exactly right, Congressman. This is an opportunity I think for the U.S. We have an existing structure, as I said, through the GPOI program, the State Department that has trained over 200,000 peacekeepers over the last decade. But that training is basic. It is a basic level of training, how to hold a gun. And so, certainly, in terms of sexual exploitation and abuse, that should be augmented.    But I think one of the other issues is, again, these peacekeeping missions are so much different than they were 20 years ago, where they were for the most part kind of observing ceasefires. Now the challenges in Mali are different than what they are in CAR, different than what they are in South Sudan. That training really needs to be tailored.    Again, the U.S. is not going to be providing troops anytime soon, but we have such expertise here. I was in South Sudan in August and just talking with some U.S. troops there. They said just what a difference in influx of just a few troops would make just in terms of professionalization.    But, on the training side, we should really use these existing structures--this is not a significant amount of resources--but use our existing structures to make sure the training is tailored to where they are going and, then, also, it addresses certainly the sexual exploitation and abuse.    Mr. Hannum. Thank you very much.    Sorry. Just one other point on withholding, since there are several recommendations. Withholding is not new; it has been around. And again, this is something that Democratic and Republican administrations have been opposed to. The Bush administration was very clear when there was a bill. Its central premise was withholding, and they were against it.    In terms of Mr. Wallace and what he said privately, publicly I mean he could have said anything he wanted, and publicly he said it would not be wise or beneficial to use withholding funds to implement change. So, it is not something that has worked well before. We are best placed if we are paying our dues and, then, at the table and pressuring.    In terms of your question, Congressman, on what Congress can do, I think the big thing, again, is the U.S. has no appetite for the U.S. to provide troops. The U.S. can provide technical expertise. It can also provide enabling assets. And I think that is key.    A good example, I was in South Sudan in August and talking with U.S.-U.N. folks, and they were talking about medevac and casualty evacuation. And due to a lack of assets, one of the problems is the U.N. does not have a capability to medevac many of its soldiers, meaning someone could go out, be shot in the leg, and not be picked up for 4 days. You can imagine in the U.S. that would be laughed at, if you couldn't provide medevac for soldiers.    So, what this means in practice is, then, there are fewer missions that go out and deploy. And so, you do have this hunkering down, which is a major problem with the U.N.    And I asked them, ``Well, what are we talking about?'' And the U.S. person said four helicopters. Four helicopters would make a huge difference in our ability to go out there and forward-deploy. That means protect civilians and not just kind of hunker down.    So, that is something absolutely this is not a huge ticket item, but this is something, I think when the U.S. talks about its assistance, it should really look at whether it is helicopters. And there are partnerships with the National Guard that exist where it can be done and vehicles. These are ways that the U.S. could make a big difference.    Mr. Hannum. Just a quick point there. Mr. Chairman, under your leadership on the trafficking bill, I think you are exactly right that this is an opportunity. We should be, in terms of the pressure and from what we outlined a little bit in the op-ed, it is that it is troops with widespread and systematic abuse, but we should also be looking at other areas and, then, putting pressure on those countries. There are watchlists. There are watchlists that use rape as a weapon of war, children soldiers. We should be using these and making sure that countries with terrible track records are not being pulled into peacekeeping.    In terms of the whistleblowing, I will turn it over to these folks who obviously know it better than I.    Mr. Hannum. If I could just make one other point, Dr. Elbasri and Brett made some very excellent points and fundamental points about peacekeeping. And there is a host of challenges, and there was a major report just done by the U.N., the high-level report calling out some of these.    And there are challenges with protection of civilians. But I do want to point out that there have been studies looking at peacekeepers and protection of civilians. There was a 2013 study by American researchers and Swedish researchers that looked at this, and looked at what is the difference between a force not there, a small force, and a sufficiently-large force. And it found that if there is either a small force or no force, that it works out to about 100 civilians a month who are killed. If there is a U.N. force of 8,000, that number goes to two a month.    U.N. peacekeepers are not perfect by any stretch, but they do often serve an incredibly important role on protection of civilians. And there have been a number of other studies about reducing incidents of civil war. So, while it is not perfect, I do want to say that many peacekeepers do serve honorably and make a huge difference in the places where they are deployed.    Mr. Hannum. Yes, I can just echo Mr. Gallo's comments on the just outrageous delays and inaction by the U.N. I can't speak to everything he said.    To your specific question, though, can you find out the victims, is there support, yes. In the Secretary-General's report, in terms of the last report which doesn't include the most recent allegations, but it had the number of victims, the number who are receiving assistance. I think it was at 13. I would be happy to provide it to you.    So, there are currently victim services provided. That is money from the mission that goes to local providers who, then, provide the care.    One of the things the Secretary-General called for was a Victim Trust Fund, which could basically bolster that, provide more resources. That is currently set up. And actually, for those peacekeepers that are kicked out and their payments are withheld, that money is, then, used for the Trust Fund.    There are a number of just important questions on kind of the breadth of services that will be required. The General Assembly will be having that debate in the next couple of weeks. I know this is something that Jane Holl Lute is looking very closely at.    And it is something where, in order for that Trust Fund to be robust, it is something where member states would need to look at kind of strengthening it. But there are certainly some services provided. There needs to be more. But I would be happy to provide it to you.    Mr. Hannum. Just to follow up, I wasn't saying that the Victim Trust Fund should be the end-all. Absolutely, they should be punished. I am saying, at the very least, they should provide some services because in some places the justice is quite slow.