    Ms. Wilson. Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this hearing today to review OSHA's long-awaited rule updating the silica standard. The science is clear. Since 1974, the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health has called for OSHA to cut the permissible exposure limit for general industry from 100 micrograms per cubic meter to 50. It took 42 years for OSHA's rule to catch up with the science.    In 1997, the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer determined crystalline silica dust is causing damage to humans. The Department of Health and Human Services declared the same in 2000.    Silica dust causes silicosis, lung cancer, respiratory illnesses, such as COPD, and kidney disease. Yet, scientific research demonstrates OSHA's previous 40-year-old silica standard fails to adequately protect workers from these preventable diseases. Let me repeat, preventable. These diseases are preventable.    Extensive scientific evidence shows lung cancer and silicosis occur at exposure levels below OSHA's previous permissible exposure limit of 100 micrograms per cubic meter in general industry.    Surprisingly, the alarmingly out-of-date construction industry standard of 250 micrograms per cubic meter stems from a 1929 Public Health Service recommendation that the government acknowledged was not set at a level to protect workers from silicosis, but rather based solely on feasibility considerations of 1920s' technology and management methods.    OSHA's new silica dust standard reflects current science and technology. It will save lives. Over 800,000 construction workers and another 295,000 workers in general industry and maritime are exposed to crystalline silica in excess of the new more protective standard of 50 micrograms per cubic meter.    OSHA estimates this new standard, which includes engineering controls, training, prohibitions on dry sweeping, and medical surveillance, will save more than 600 lives each year, and prevent more than 900 cases of silicosis each year.    I just want to show here on the screen pictures of airborne silica. This is dust generated by a power saw cutting through concrete block with and without engineering controls. All it takes is water or air to control silica dust. These pictures make it abundantly clear how using simple controls reduces workers' exposure to silica dust, but useful statistics and the pictures fail to communicate the true toll on affected workers and their families.    This includes workers like Dale McNabb, Tom Ward, and Tim Brown, who have submitted statements for the record. I ask unanimous consent to include the statements of Mr. McNabb, Mr. Ward, and Mr. Brown into the record.    Ms. Wilson. Dale McNabb, who has joined us here today, is a tile setter from Warren, Michigan, and a member of Bricklayers Local Number 2 in Michigan. In his statement, Dale recounts his exposure to silica dust while working as a tile helper mixing cement and making cuts. After Dale started wheezing, he went to doctors who confirmed his respiratory problems were caused by silica exposure.    Dale writes, ``I loved my job, and I took a lot of pride in my work. I would still be doing it today if my doctors had not told me I could not, and that I might never work again because I breathed in silica dust. When I get exposed to dust now, and not just silica dust, it feels like I have a plastic bag over my head, and someone is pulling it shut.''    Also, with us today is Tom Ward. Raise your hand, Tom. Tom is a bricklayer from Detroit, Michigan. At 13, Tom lost his father to silicosis. In his statement, Tom shares this painful story. Tom writes, ``We got the official diagnosis, silicosis, when my dad was 34 years old. The hardest memory to live with is the last day he worked. He came in the door, fell to the floor, and started crying. He said I cannot do it anymore. It took just five years for silicosis to kill him. It was a slow and very painful process for my dad to experience at far too young an age, 34 years old. It was hard for me, my sisters, and my mother to witness. In the end, his disease actually suffocated him.''    Tom, who is himself a construction worker exposed to silica dust, remains stunned at the lack of training on and awareness of the dangers of silica dust, and the inconsistent use of engineering controls and personal protective equipment.    We are also joined by Tim Brown. Raise your hand, Tim. Tim is a bricklayer from Milwaukee, and a member of Bricklayers Local 8, who has worked in dust-producing trades his entire life. In his statement, Tim recounts the lack of proper engineering controls on worksites and his eventual diagnosis of silicosis.    Tim writes, ``I have a six-year-old daughter. She knows I am sick, and she worries about me. She does not want me to return to construction, but I am not sure how to provide for her if I cannot.''    Dale, Tom, and Tim have testified in support of the new OSHA standards so that others would not go through what they have endured. As we deliberate today, Mr. Chairman, I hope that we can keep in mind what these and so many other hard-working Americans faced because OSHA's silica standards were not protective enough.    The 2.3 million workers, mostly in construction, who will gain protection under OSHA's updated rule deserve our support.    I want to thank our witnesses for being here today, and look forward to their testimony. I want to thank the 50 members of the International Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers who have also joined us here today. Raise your hands. Welcome. You are our constituents. This is your committee, Workforce Protections, and that is our job.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Dr. Melius, your testimony says that the permissible exposure limit for construction that has been in place since 1971 was based on a recommendation from the Public Health Service in the 1920s. Was that recommendation from the 1920s based on preventing silicosis or was it simply based on the feasibility of ventilation controls available in the 1920s?    Ms. Wilson. Some people argue that reported cases of silicosis are declining in recent years, and there is not a significant risk. Does this argument exclude other health outcomes other than silicosis that have been well established, lung cancer, renal disease, respiratory diseases, such as COPD?    Ms. Wilson. Is there a significant risk from silica dust exposure today? What is that risk, and what is wrong with the argument made by the U.S. Chamber that OSHA is chasing a nearly insignificant risk?    Ms. Wilson. One witness argues that all that is needed is more OSHA enforcement to address the problem. If there was 100 percent enforcement wall to wall for each facility each year, would that eliminate the need for more protective standards?    Ms. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Wilson. Thank you, Chairman Walberg, for calling today's hearing, and giving us the opportunity to discuss this very important rule. I want to thank the witnesses for your testimony, and thank you for coming.    At every committee hearing, every markup, every press conference, I endeavor to remind my colleagues of our purpose as a subcommittee member. This is the Workforce Protections Subcommittee, and that means our job is to protect our workers.    I stand with my colleagues in strong support of DOL's updated silica dust standard. We know that the science is clear. Workers exposed to silica dust at levels allowable under the previous OSHA silica standard are at risk from developing deadly and debilitating diseases, such as silicosis, lung cancer, and renal disease.    The Department of Labor took a long-awaited strong step towards helping the 2.3 million workers exposed to silica dust by finalizing its updated rule on March 23, 2016. We know that controlling silica dust is feasible, controlling silica dust is a well understood and time-tested proposition.    Wet the dust down or vacuum it up. Water or air. States like California and New Jersey already have in place standards and regulations requiring companies to use water systems or vacuums to control dust. Nationwide, many companies put their workers' health first by controlling silica dust with existing technology. New equipment now comes equipped with dust controls of water spray hookups.    We know that this rule will protect worker health. Above all, we must judge this rule by its ability to protect our workers.    As we have heard, once fully implemented, this updated rule will save more than 600 lives and prevent more than 900 cases of silicosis each year. OSHA's new standard includes engineering controls, training, prohibitions on dry sweeping, and medical surveillance that will do much to protect workers, especially in the building trades.    There is strong support for DOL's updated silica rule to protect workers. I ask unanimous consent to enter into the record letters of support from the following organizations: United Steelworkers, the BlueGreen Alliance, Public Citizen's Congress Watch, American Association for Justice, American Public Health Association, Englewood Construction, Motley Rice LLC, America's Agenda, International Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers.    Ms. Wilson. I want to thank the witnesses again for being here today, and I want to thank those in the audience who have traveled to join us and your support for DOL's updated silica rule.    I want to read a letter, part of a letter from Chuck Taylor of Englewood Construction, a mid-sized construction contractor based in Lemont, Illinois, with projects underway in eight States. He writes this: ``We realize it will take time and effort to implement the updated silica dust exposure guidelines and, in some cases, there will be an added cost, but we also believe we owe it to the workers who are so vital to the construction industry to do what we can to protect their health and their safety.''    This is a very powerful statement from a company with skin in the game. How can you put a price on a human life or on their suffering, and on the suffering of their families? You just morally cannot put a price on that.    I want to close with the words of Tim Brown, a worker with silicosis, who has joined us here today. You met him earlier. Raise your hand, Tim. Tim writes, ``We must prevent this from happening to any other bricklayers. To my fellow union members and to my unorganized colleagues, no worker should suffer what I have. The previous standard did not protect me, but if we enforce the new comprehensive rule, what happened to me will not happen to other bricklayers. We cannot let others suffer and become ill just for doing an honest day's work.''    Thank you, Tim, for your words. Thank you, Tom and Dale, for bravely representing the millions of workers and families affected by silica.    I hope our subcommittee can honor the lives of those who have become ill or have died from silica related illnesses and support this updated rule. I yield the remainder of my time, and thank you, Mr. Chair.