    Mr. Poe. This subcommittee will come to order. Without objection, all members will have 5 days to submit statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record, subject to the length limitation and the rules.    I will now make my opening statement. Trade is critical to the national economy of the U.S. For example, manufacturing jobs related to trade pay 18 percent more than manufacturing jobs that are not. Trade plays a key role in new jobs. If a company wants to expand, it has to reach new customers because 95 percent of the customers are outside the United States.    Trade is the lifeblood of my hometown of Houston, Texas. Over half of Houston's economy depends on trade. Houston has one of the largest ports in the world and it is the only gas capital of the world. Overall, trade supports more than one out of five jobs in Texas and Texas has been the top exporting state for 12 consecutive years. This is not just for large businesses either. Ninety-three percent of Texas exporters are small- and medium-size businesses. Texas is the number one state and Houston, Texas is the number one city when it comes to receiving support from EXIM.    There is no question about the importance of trade. We need trade to grow. What we are looking at today is the Federal Government's role in trade. Before us today we have three agencies in the Federal Government that promote trade and investment.    The Export-Import Bank is the official U.S. export credit agency. It provides direct loans, loan guaranties and export credit insurance to help finance U.S. exports of goods and services.    The Overseas Private Investment Corporation, or OPIC, is the official U.S. development finance institution. OPIC seeks to promote economic growth and developing economies by providing political risk insurance, project and investment fund financing, and other services to U.S. firms investing in those countries.    The U.S. Trade and Development Agency, or TDA, seeks to link U.S. businesses to export opportunities overseas that lead to economic growth and development in middle income countries by funding a range of pre-export activities.    The question before us today is do we need these agencies? Sixty other countries have export credit agencies of their own. Supporters of reauthorizing EXIM Bank argue that if Congress allows the EXIM Bank to expire, then these 60 other countries will be happy to jump in, put our American companies at a competitive disadvantage, and take business away from the U.S.    Some users of EXIM say they will go out of business without EXIM. Critics of the bank respond that subsidizing companies has no place in a free market system. But some of these same critics support government subsidies for terrorism risk insurance, flood insurance, they support the FDIC, and the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund.    There is also substantial disagreement about exactly what this costs the taxpayer. Critics say due to some tricky accounting standards, taxpayers are left holding the bag, while the agencies themselves argue they return a surplus to the U.S. Treasury every year. Critics argue that Congress enacted reforms during the EXIM Bank's 2012 reauthorization, but claimed that these reforms were never implemented. EXIM disagrees, saying that it has completed and implemented all reforms.    While trade promotion agencies are supposed to promote trade that helps the U.S., many Americans have questions about helping foreign companies that are in the U.S. economy. Do big State Owned Enterprises, or SOEs, deserve taxpayer dollars on top of the money they get from their own governments? And what about American companies that are trying to compete against these industries?    At the same time, these agencies have a special focus on helping small business. Twenty-five percent of EXIM authorized money went to small businesses last year, exceeding its 20 percent requirement. Over the past 5 years, 75 percent of OPIC's supported projects have involved a U.S. small- or medium-size business.    Just last month, a former Export-Import Bank loan officer pled guilty to taking more than $78,000 in bribes for fast tracking unqualified loan applications. OPIC has similar examples of fraud. This is a good sign that fraud is identified and perpetrators are punished, but there seems to me that more could be done to prevent fraud in the first place.    So my hope is that this hearing can bring some clarity to this debate.    The American companies just need a level playing field to compete. No one innovates as well as the U.S. from the iPhone to hydraulic fracturing the United States is the world's leader in coming up with new ideas that create new jobs and a higher standard of living for everyone. For example, if you add up the 20 countries the United States has a trade agreement with, American manufacturers run a $50 billion trade surplus with them. That is what happens when we combine the strength of American spirit with a level playing field. American companies win.    Before turning to the ranking member for his opening remarks, I would like to submit to the record the testimonies in support of reauthorizing EXIM Bank from the Nuclear Energy Institute, Texas Association of Business, Texas Association of Manufacturers, and over 300 businesses in Texas. Hearing no objection, all of these testimonials from these 300 different groups in support of the EXIM Bank will be made part of the record.    Now I will turn to the ranking member, Mr. Keating, and the gentleman from Massachusetts may give his opening statement.    Mr. Poe. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Wilson.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman and I would request that members keep their statements to 1 minute, but indeed of bipartisan equal time, Mr. Sherman, you have 1 minute and 30 seconds.    Mr. Poe. That is a true statement.    Mr. Poe. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Perry, for his opening statement.    Mr. Poe. The gentleman yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Higgins.    Mr. Poe. The gentleman yields back. Does anybody else wish to be recognized for an opening statement?    Without objection, all witnesses' prepared statements will be made part of the record. I ask that each witness please keep your presentation to no more than 5 minutes. We have two panels. And I will introduce the first panel and then they can give their opening statements.    Fred Hochberg is chairman and president of the Export-Import Bank of the United States. Mr. Hochberg has previously served in a variety of positions in the private and public sector including Acting Administrator for the Small Business Administration.    Ms. Elizabeth Littlefield is president and chief executive officer of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation. Ms. Littlefield previously held several positions relating to finance and development and was a recipient of the Secretary of State's Distinguished Service Award in 2012.    Ms. Zak is director of the U.S. Trade and Development Agency. Prior to joining the USTDA, Ms. Zak was partner in the Washington and Boston Offices of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. and taught at several law schools around the United States.    Mr. Hochberg, we will start with you and you have 5 minutes.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Hochberg. The Chair recognizes Ms. Littlefield for her opening statement.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Ms. Littlefield. The Chair recognizes Ms. Zak for opening statement.    Mr. Poe. Ms. Zak, I would ask you to sum up your statement, because it is a part of the record.    Mr. Poe. Thank you. Thank all the witnesses for being here. I will start with myself and would ask that the witnesses be as brief as possible under the time restraints.    Chairman Hochberg, I want to start with you. You may know that while we are having this hearing, there is a press conference down the next building over, a pep rally if you will, talking about the demise and end of EXIM Bank as we know it. Controversy here in Congress and we have heard a lot on both sides as you know.    A few questions. Is the statement true that Houston, Texas is the number one city in the U.S. that uses EXIM Bank for its businesses, small businesses?    Mr. Poe. And Texas is the number one state, is that correct?    Mr. Poe. Okay, you may do that. I don't know if you have ever heard of Olney, Texas or not. I know you are from New York. Have you ever heard of Olney, Texas?    Mr. Poe. Air Tractor.    Mr. Poe. Air Tractor makes small planes that fertilize the fields and also does other things, fight fires. Olney is a town that is near Burnet and Flower Mound in case you were interested where they are. David Ickert owns it. Two hundred plus employees. And I would like your answers to be based upon this statement by him that ``Air Tractor has been using EXIM for 20 years. Has never filed a claim for money from the Bank. In places such as Spain, Air Tractor has been selling for years. EXIM helped us to get a firm footing and they no longer need to use the Bank. In other countries in South America, the company needs EXIM to get financing because smaller banks don't pay any attention to Air Tractor in Olney, Texas.''    Using this business as an example, the statement has been raised and I think it is a fair question, using EXIM Bank, how does that, if it does, deny equal competition from other businesses that don't use EXIM Bank in the U.S., other businesses that need financing as well?    Mr. Poe. All right, does EXIM Bank give loans to foreign companies?    Mr. Poe. Does EXIM work with American banks in the loan process like Amegy in Texas, Wells Fargo, and other banks or not?    Mr. Poe. If EXIM works with foreign companies, how does that help the United States?    Mr. Poe. How about state-owned enterprises? Some of the concern is that EXIM Bank helps foreign state owned enterprises with financing. Comment on that if you would.    Mr. Poe. Last question, let us go back to Air Tractor in Olney, Texas. There is no EXIM Bank. What are the possibilities--what would happen to Air Tractor in Olney, Texas without EXIM Bank?    Mr. Poe. The Chair will recognize the ranking member, the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Keating.    Mr. Poe. The Chairman yields back his time. The Chair recognizes Mr. Perry from Pennsylvania for his questioning. Mr. Perry.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his questions. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman.    Mr. Poe. Thank the gentleman from California. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Wilson.    Mr. Poe. The gentleman yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Castro.    Mr. Poe. The gentleman from Texas yields. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Ribble, for his questioning.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman. The Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Kelly. Turn on your mic, too. Thank you.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentlelady. Just for Mr. Rohrabacher's information, there is a vote in another committee, not on the floor. And with unanimous consent, unless there is an objection, the Chair will allow a member of the full committee, but not a member of this committee to ask questions, the chairman of the European Subcommittee, Mr. Rohrabacher from California.    Mr. Poe. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman. I thank the witnesses for being here. I want to advise the witnesses that all members have the opportunity to present written questions to the witnesses. Several members were not here, could not be here and I would encourage the members to put those questions in writing as soon as possible regardless of where they are on this issue that we have been discussing today. With that, I thank the witnesses for being here and we will begin with our second panel as soon as they are seated.    The Chair is ready to begin the second panel if the witnesses will be seated. The Chair will introduce the next four witnesses. I want to thank the witnesses for waiting all morning to give their testimony. It is appreciated.    Mr. Daniel Ikenson is director of the Herbert Stiefel Center for Trade Policy at the Cato Institute. Mr. Ikenson has held several positions focusing on international trade planning, and is widely published in the area of trade policy.    General Jim Jones is the founder of the Jones Group International and previously has served as the National Security Advisor to the President of the United States. General Jones has served our country with a long, distinguished military career including leading NATO military operations as Commander of the United States European Command and Supreme Allied Commander in Europe.    Ms. Susan Jaime is the founder of Ferra Coffee International in San Antonio. In addition to roasting coffee, she has joined with Texas A&M's AgriLife projects to teach coffee growers around the globe how to grade, roast, and market their coffee beans.    Carly Seidewand is vice president of the Global Sales and Administration of Resin Technology, LLC. Ms. Seidewand took over the global petrochemical trading and compounding company from her father, an entrepreneur chemist.    We will begin with Mr. Ikenson. You have 5 minutes.    Mr. Poe. I am sorry, you cannot have 30 seconds. Your statement is in the record. We all have it.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Ikenson. You got more in 6 minutes than anybody I have ever heard in my life. But thank you very much.    The Chair recognizes General Jones. First of all, General Jones, thank you for your service to our country.    General Jones. Thank you, sir. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Keating, committee members, thank you for holding this very important hearing and for inviting me to testify before you today.    With your permission, I would like to submit two items for the full hearing record; an op-ed I authored on the national security implications of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership and Trans-Pacific Partnership and ``The Task Ahead'' an article on the dynamics of U.S. global engagement in the 21st century.    As requested by the committee, I will briefly summarize my statement and look forward to your questions. I have had the honor of serving in our Nation's uniform for over 40 years. Much of that time was during the Cold War when the world was a very different place, defined by the long struggle between the West and the former Soviet Union. Ultimately, democracy prevailed over Communism and our ideals proved superior to those of our adversaries, as did our resolve and military might of the United States and the NATO alliance. As a result, freedom prevailed and despite today's many challenges the truth is that freer societies, freer markets, and freer trade have achieved a great leap forward in the human condition and our values have contributed immeasurably to a better world and to America's interests around that world.    But today, the geostrategic operating environment of the 21st century is vastly different from that of the past century. As such, we need a much broader toolkit to be successful. Maintaining global stability is essential to America's peace and prosperity, it is no longer a function solely of our ability to deploy and defeat but of our capacity to engage and endow, and ultimately, to turn promise and opportunity into jobs and higher quality of life for those seeking true freedom.    By leading on trade, the United States tightens bonds with allies around the globe, strengthens influence and would-be hot spots and bolsters greater global stability through expanding economic cooperation, the kind envisioned by the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and the African Growth and Opportunity Act advanced by the extension of trade promotion authority.    So if America wishes to remain a nation of great leadership and influence in the years and decades ahead, we shouldn't shrink from competing in the trade-based global economy, the world mainly of America's making in the last century and one I think we can be extremely proud of.    But much is riding on our success. Economically and geostrategically, 95 percent of the world's customers live outside our borders. Most are hungry for American goods and services and solutions. And for this reason, America's future jobs and prosperity depend greatly on trade and global economic engagement and leadership.    But it is equally true that 95 percent of the hearts and minds America must win to achieve a more peaceful and prosperous future also live outside our borders, so commercial diplomacy, the kind that Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker advocates, is a key ingredient in the strategy for winning them. Importantly, this hearing was conceived to analyze whether the U.S. trade promotion agencies play an important role in U.S. foreign policy. My answer is an unequivocal yes. They play a crucial role.    Many of the pertinent facts are presented in my full statement, but I would simply boil down my reasoning to the following points. One, trade and trade promotion are critical to American jobs and prosperity. A prosperous America is far better able to protect this country's values and advance its interests in a dangerous world.    Two, trade promotion is critical to America's security. As the former NATO Commander Service Chief and National Security Advisor, I have seen first-hand the geostrategic importance of American economic engagement. Where the U.S. private sector is not present, America's influence suffers. And this vacuum is filled by economic and geostrategic competitors, and in the developing world is often filled by those who don't share either our values or our principles; the result is a less stable and secure world.    Three, many opponents of trade promotion agencies base their arguments on a vision of a world with no export financing and no foreign government support for our competitors, where markets are untrammeled by state directed export finance and other support. But in today's real world, approximately 60 export credit agencies are jockeying to offer enticing financial terms to win more sales for their companies and workers, often at the expense of U.S. companies.    Russia and China have expanded their state backed export support even as we continue to deliberate on the future on the EXIM Bank and our desire for expanded trade agreements.    They and the leaders of America's other export competitors would welcome the United States ending export finance and trade promotion programs, which means more business for their companies and more influence for them around the world. Although I agree that we should aspire to a world of pure private sector competition, unilaterally disarming by eliminating the EXIM Bank and our other trade promotion agencies is not the answer. It would destroy the U.S. Treasury's leverage at negotiating reductions to state backed export finance that would be observed by all, creating the level playing field that we should all seek.    Finally, I agree that Congress has a sacred responsibility to ensure the taxpayers' dollars are used wisely. Our country has yet to see an agency or program that couldn't be improved. In that regard, the constant work of reforming and refreshing our initiatives is crucial, but let us improve them where we can and not eliminate them. After four decades of service to the nation, a strong aversion is ingrained in me as I know it is in you, to anything that threatens our national well being. Among them, anything that would set back our country's economic competitiveness in the world. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, General Jones. The Chair recognizes Ms. Jaime.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Ms. Jaime. Ms. Seidewand.    Mr. Poe. Can you summarize the rest of your comments? We have your statement for the record.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Ms. Seidewand. Thank you.    Mr. Poe. The Chair recognizes itself for 5 minutes. I want to thank all four of you for being here. I have a lot of questions. I will submit some of them in writing for the reasons I mentioned earlier. As I mentioned in my opening statement, in Houston, Texas, half of our economy is based upon the Port of Houston, and we are an export port. We send stuff all over the world that goes through our port, so trade is important. Unlike the West Coast, primarily import ports.    Ms. Jaime and Ms. Seidewand, I want to start with you all and then move over to our gentlemen, ladies being first, of course. You have heard all of the comments by all of the witnesses. You both have been here since we started early this morning. You probably read, when you had time and were not doing your work in your business to read, the press about EXIM Bank and the volatile controversy over it. So my questions will be first to both of you specifically, because you are in the business world and you use EXIM Bank.    Ms. Jaime, tell me a little bit more about how your business got started in San Antonio.    Mr. Poe. So if there was no EXIM Bank, how would that affect your business?    Mr. Poe. How? How would it affect you?    Mr. Poe. Would you be able to export if you did not have the EXIM Bank?    Mr. Poe. How much of the business is export business?    Mr. Poe. You mentioned in your testimony that EXIM helps screen your distributors in foreign countries to make sure you are not working with criminals. What does that mean?    Mr. Poe. You mentioned that your business helps stop illegal immigration. How in the world does you business help stop illegal immigration?    Mr. Poe. Ms. Seidewand, same line of questioning for you and I will try to move as quick as I can. if you don't have EXIM, how does that affect your Boston, Houston business? Microphone.    Mr. Poe. Why?    Mr. Poe. So why not go to Bank of America and get those 120-day time limits as opposed to 30 to 60?    Mr. Poe. Banks won't do those?    Mr. Poe. American banks won't do those?    Mr. Poe. Okay, thank you. My time has expired. I will yield from the gentleman from Boston, Massachusetts.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman. I have a couple of questions left for Mr. Ikenson and General Jones and then I will yield to the ranking member if he has further questions.    Mr. Ikenson, two questions. I will give you both questions and then answer both of them. If EXIM Bank is reauthorized, what reforms do you think must be in the reauthorization? And second, you said that manufacturers are victims of the Export-Import Bank. National Association of Manufacturers representing large and small manufacturers support the reauthorization. So could you explain that discrepancy and also answer the first question?    Mr. Poe. Briefly.    Mr. Poe. Then why does the National Association of Manufacturers support EXIM Bank?    Mr. Poe. So they don't know they are victims?    Mr. Poe. I need to reclaim my time because we are about out of time.    General Jones, be more specific. You make the statement that EXIM Bank is important for national security. Why is EXIM Bank important for national security and what would be the consequences if we didn't have it?    General Jones. Mr. Chairman, if I could just quote from my formal statement and I quote, ``If EXIM Bank is shut down, and the United States leaves the field on export financing, such a vacuum would not only undermine U.S. business abroad and lose jobs at home, but undermine American influence and economic leadership at a time when it is needed more than ever.''    I believe it is an instrument that is valuable. I think the numbers are impressive. And I don't believe it is in our national interest, if I could use a military term, ``to unilaterally disarm.'' If we do this, you can be sure that the Russians, the Chinese, our friends in Europe, they are not doing this. They are competing. And they are competing every single day with their missions, not only trade missions but heads of state missions, and I believe that the future is the public and private sector finding more ways to work together, not ways in which we drift apart. And I think that is a very fundamental difference between us and the rest of the competitive world that we deal with.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, General Jones. The Chair will yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Keating, the ranking member.    Mr. Poe. The gentleman yields back. I also want to thank you four for being here most of the morning, here at the testimony and your testimony. And as I mentioned to the first panel, there may be questions submitted by members on both sides on these issues and they will be submitted to you because of the necessity of hearing your answers from other Members of Congress that may not have been able to ask questions. In any event, I thank you for being here and the subcommittee is adjourned.