    Mr. Byrne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, it is hard to remember all of us up here. I am going to remind you that I am a former member of the Alabama State Board of Education for 8 years. All four of my children attended the public schools in the State of Alabama. All four of them attended a magnet school in the city of Mobile, a large urban school system. So I have a great deal of interest in this and I have very high expectations for the performance of our public schools with regard to every student.    When you were here before the committee in February, I asked about the phrase of the new law ``consistently underperforming and whose responsibility it is to define the term.'' I also wrote a follow-up letter on March the 1st that you responded to on June 17th, 3-1/2 months later.    Now, in your response, you pointed to the proposed rulemaking. When you were here before, you did not really answer my question and after reading the proposal, I think I understand why.    When you were here before, you did say to me, ``I am committed to working with this committee, committed to ensuring that implementation is consistent with the letter of the law.''    I would say to you, Mr. Secretary, if you are committed to working with the committee, taking 3-1/2 months to answer my letter is not consistent with that remark.    The letter of the law says the meeting of ``consistently underperforming'' is to be determined by the States.    The letter of the law also says that you are prohibited from prescribing ``the specific methodology used by States to meaningfully differentiate identified schools under this part.''    Now, taken together, the law prohibits you from constraining State flexibility around the definition of ``consistently underperforming,'' yet your proposal does exactly that so help me.    Why would you violate the statute of your proposed rulemaking and give a definition when the Every Student Succeeds Act prohibits you from doing so and requires you to leave that up to the States? Why did you do that?    Mr. Byrne. Well, I would ask you to go back and look at the rule because I think it does prescribe and I think you are setting yourself and the Department up for a lawsuit that you would lose.    I am not going to file it, but somebody will. And you talked earlier about legislative intent. I am giving you legislative intent right now. You need to go back and look at your rule because it clearly violates the letter of the statute and prescribing.    It needs to totally leave this up to the States and in any way that you prescribe to the States how they make that determination, you are clearly in violation of the statute. So I am asking you to go back and look at your rule, hear what a member of this committee that is a strong proponent of this law is telling you, and I think if you do, and you are a smart man and you are a fair man, if you go back and look at it fairly, you are going to see that you are in violation of the statute.    I do not want you to be in violation of the statute. I do not think you want to be in violation of the statute. But when you have a consistent pattern of this administration and putting out regulations after they have been warned that you are in violation of the statute as written by Congress and then somebody has to file a lawsuit, here is what happens when a lawsuit is filed. You spend a lot of resources, the people that file the lawsuit spend a lot of resources, and every penny of those resources is a penny that did not go to educating a child. And I want, and I think you want, every resource we can bring to bear to educate children in this country.    Somebody deep in the bowels of your Department or some smart lawyer that is working with you is taking you in a direction that the statute clearly prohibits you from going. And as someone that wants this to work, I am telling you, go back and look at your rule because I think you are in violation of the statute.    Mr. Byrne. We are going to hold you to that and I yield back.