    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome. I want to go back to Nepal for a minute, and following up on the gentleman from Pennsylvania's questioning of the use of overseas contingency accounts. And I may have misunderstood the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but it seemed like his last observation was, well, we are always going to have problems in Nepal. And that is true, but I wanted to put this in perspective. The earthquake that occurred over a year ago in Nepal, was it not something like the third largest, most intense earthquake ever recorded? Mr. Stivers, somebody?    Mr. Connolly. And there was a second aftershock that was almost equally powerful. Is that not correct?    Mr. Connolly. And it led to complete destruction of villages in many valleys; I mean, total. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. And destroyed, you know, UNESCO-preserved shrines and monasteries throughout the country, including in Katmandu, the capital, and also led to a massive landslide on Mount Everest itself, which did damage and took lives as well. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. Any estimate of what the total cost of the damage done from all those events might have been?    Mr. Connolly. How much?    Mr. Connolly. Right. And how many people live in Nepal?    Mr. Connolly. 100 million? One of the criticisms that has been leveled about the relief and recovery efforts is that money has been very slow to be deployed, and as a result, reconstruction has already missed one monsoon season, and is likely to miss another, partly due to corruption, partly due to government incompetence, partly due to international relief incompetence, but also partly due to the fact that absent verification and infrastructure for managing these funds, international agencies and nonprofits are not going to release them. Could you comment, because there are people in need still living in temporary housing over a year after the devastating earthquake.    Mr. Connolly. Yeah, I thought 20-something.    Mr. Connolly. But if I can, one of the things that concerns me though, I mean, my view about management is, number one, are you seized with the mission? To allow a whole monsoon season to go by, it is very difficult to do reconstruction and construction in a monsoon season. So you have got to wait for that, and then schedule your construction or building. And we are now in monsoon season number two, I believe, and we still aren't seeing reconstruction. That means people are once again without housing, without shelter, without many of the basic necessities of life, and at risk, in not a particularly favorable climate, both in monsoon and in terms of winter. So what are we doing to try to light a fire under folks to be seized with the mission, and are we seized with the mission?    Mr. Connolly. And excuse me. I wish Mr. Perry was still here. That was the point of my line of questioning. I don't disagree with him normally, but what happened in Nepal is almost unprecedented, and certainly the worst to happen in Nepal, and it presents and enormous challenge for us, the international community, and not least, the Nepalese themselves. That is why--please continue, but that is the setting for the OCO provision here.    Mr. Connolly. I know my time is up, and the chairman is being very indulgent. But just to make a point, don't rush too much into that. We have just established on the record we are in the second monsoon season, and we haven't really touched reconstruction. So the idea that we would go back to business as usual when we haven't even addressed the crisis at hand a year after the fact I think would be very imprudent management.    So let's not be rushed into that for form's sake. Let's make sure that we are using resources in every which way we can to try to return people to some sense of normalcy in their villages and towns and cities in Nepal.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.