    Mr. Diamond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, ranking member, members of the committee. We are absolutely thrilled to be here to talk about this very important matter.    My name is Rory Diamond. I'm the Executive Director of K9s for Warriors. We are the Nation's largest provider of service dogs for veterans with PTS, traumatic brain injuries, and/or who have been victims of military sexual trauma.    With me today is Brett Simon, the founder of K9s for Warriors, and the current head of our K9 division. We also have two of our graduates. We have Joe Swoboda, an 18-year Army veteran who did three tours in Iraq. And he's with his service dog Lilly. I also have with me Adam LeGrand, a 10-year Air Force veteran who helped men and women in uniform as a medic. He's with his service dog Molly.    As has already been mentioned, statistically speaking, 22 veterans are going to commit suicide today. That's why K9s for Warriors exists. We are founded by a mom. Her name is Shari Duval, and she was worried about her own son's PTS.    Five years later, K9s for Warriors has grown into an organization with a 36 dedicated staff. We have a 9-acre, 17,000 square foot state-of-the-art campus in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida. And most important, we have a track record of helping hundreds of veterans overcome the symptoms associated with PTS. Importantly, we are very successful at preventing veteran suicide.    Every warrior that comes through our door gets the family treatment, I would say. They get a service K9, they get equipment, training, certification, seminars, legal instruction, vet care, housing, home-cooked meals. We have house moms who listen to them. We have house dads who provide advice. And frankly, we have full wraparound services and follow-up for the life of the dog and the life of the veteran.    At K9s for Warriors we say we always have our veterans' backs, and we absolutely never charge our veterans. Our program is 100 percent free.    We've had two independent sets of researchers evaluate our program. These are Ph.D.'s who looked at the efficacy of our program, have come back with the exact same conclusion: The program works. The dogs are effective.    Let me just provide a flavor of this. The average K9s for Warriors applicant is on 10 to 15 medications. Fully 92 percent of them will reduce or eliminate those medications after receiving their dog. Seventy-three percent of our graduates improve their overall health. Eighty-five percent will handle anxiety better. Eighty-two percent report having fewer suicidal thoughts and suicidal ideation. Seventy-seven percent report a reduction of nightmares or night terrors, finally being able to get a full night's sleep and being able to get back on a lifecycle.    As Adam LeGrand, who is behind me, says about his service dog Molly, ``She gives me the ability to be a father and a functioning member of society again.'' And Joe, who is behind me, also says, ``I just wouldn't be here without Lilly. She is the light in the darkness of PTSD.''    So when we hear and read on the VA's website that there is ``not enough research yet to know if the dogs actually help treat PTS and its symptoms,'' we fundamentally disagree. There is not a void of research in this regard that we don't know whether or not a service dog can help mitigate the symptoms associated with PTSD and its associated comorbidities. There is enough research. K9s for Warriors is an example of how that can work.    Given the current crisis of veteran suicide in America, we think it makes sense to err on the side of providing more options for our veterans. What is the harm here? The very worst thing that could happen is a veteran ends up with a dog. But the VA's response is something that we have seen over and over and over again, that there is a reluctance to agree that this can work.    Our warriors report to us, and they come from all over the country, 42 States, 150 cities, and we ask them all the time, tell us, how is the VA treating you? How is your PTS being treated? And this is what they tell us, and it's shockingly similar and frustrating to hear it over and over again:    They wait and they wait and they wait and they finally get an appointment. Then they go and get their appointment at the hospital and they wait hour after hour after hour, and finally, they get in front of a psychologist or a psychologist or a clinical social worker, and they have their moment.    And let's understand what this moment is. This is the one lifeline our government is giving these veterans to recover from PTS. This is their one chance. And do they get 45 minutes of a discussion of the wonderful panoply of options that we just heard Dr. Fallon talk about? No. They report to us they get 10, 15 minutes maybe. The first question is always about how are your meds? And then I guarantee you they walk out with another prescription drug. The VA has three responses to the PTS crisis in America: Drugs, drugs, and more drugs to help you with the drugs we already gave you. That is the response, and we find it unacceptable.    The VA in our opinion has fumbled the first round of the pilot program. In our opinion, we have no confidence that they will successfully pull off the second round. We see an immediate veteran suicide crisis today. We believe the time is now, not after the VA gets their act together, but right now, to start saving these lives.    We appreciate the chairman's leadership on this issue and would be happy to answer questions.    Mr. Diamond. If you look at the Wikipedia entry for some of these opiates, they clearly set down an entire list of side effects, including increased suicide. In our opinion, a dog is not going to cause any harm, and yet we see every single month our classes, the warriors are transforming. They come in and they're a wreck. They're overmedicated, they are lost, they are frightened just to have left their homes.    And we see them over 3 weeks working with our staff, working with their service dog as that bond kicks in, that they become different people. And they are able to go out the front door again. They're able to go to a store again. They're able to go to the beach in Florida again. And these are things that they could not do without their service dog. It opens the door. It lowers barriers to even getting other help. They become more like the people they were before they went off to war.    Mr. Diamond. It's cost lives. There's no question that there are thousands of veteran suicides that could have been prevented had they had the access to a service dog.    Mr. Diamond. Right now we have at capacity for about 30 dogs on our campus.    Mr. Diamond. In a couple of months we'll have capacity for about 60.    Mr. Diamond. Well, we're finally seeing economies of scale. Two years ago we were about in the 40s. This past year we were at about $32,000; this year, $27,000; and then we expect next year for the entire 3-week program plus all the, you know, lifetime wraparound services to be about $22-$23,000. So we've finally hit economies of scale.    And I would echo Mr. Lyle's comments. We think that it's a savings to the government with the reduction in use of prescription drugs, reduction in use of VA services generally speaking, and just merely the higher quality of life, the better human being you get at the end of it ----    Mr. Diamond. It's between 8 and 12 years ----    Mr. Diamond. We've never advertised for a veteran to come to our organization. They find us through word-of-mouth through the very tight veteran community. But when the veteran applies to us, we have a 22-page application. We do interviews, criminal background checks. We do a thorough vetting process. So by the time the veteran comes to our campus, perhaps a year after they applied, we know a bevy about them and are ready to bring them into our program.    Mr. Diamond. Absolutely. If we advertised, we would get inundated. We are pushing a 2-year waitlist now. There's ----    Mr. Diamond. I wish we had the good measure, and I--and since I'm under oath, I'm not going to venture a guess. But I do know this for sure, that the number of veterans that are referred to us from the VA because a VA treating physician says I don't have anything else that can help you is increasing every single day.    Mr. Diamond. Well, two pieces to that, the first is that some of our veterans have reported back to us that they would rather make personal sacrifices than to not have--to forego having a service dog. But they do struggle. They're on fixed incomes, and therefore, they do have difficulty paying for it. Most of the veterans that we get could not independently pay to get a service dog out on their own.    So we've made a lot of partnerships with our corporate supporters. For example, Bayer Health is--put together a network of veterinarians to give free health care for the dogs. We're trying to work with pet stores to get free dog food for the veterans. We do everything we can on the back end to make it free or almost free for the veteran.    But the overwhelming message from them is they would forgo their own personal comfort to make sure that they have a service dog.    Mr. Diamond. Yes. I would hate for our donors to hear that, but yes, we have hit economies of scale sufficiently that our efficiencies are in the low $20s for next year.    Mr. Diamond. Thank you.