    Mr. DAVIS. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Dr. Cohen, for being here.    I have always been a big fan of co-ops ever since I have understood what they were, and I view them as a great business model because they actually spanned opportunity and create opportunity for more people to be engaged and involved in the process of commerce in our society and in our country.    I come from Illinois where our experiences with the Affordable Care Act have been great, quite good. I mean it has generated tremendous returns for our citizens in terms of health care and other kinds of benefits that we have experienced as well.    It has also been my experience that with start-up businesses, if they do not have enough capital or if they do not have the capital resources that are needed, it increases the likelihood that they are going to have some difficulty and in many instances they actually fail.    And so we have had CO-OPs that have been successful. We have had some that were not so successful, but the one thing that we do know is that many important Affordable Care Act protections have made dramatic improvements to American lives. These include a prohibition on health insurers denying coverage for children with preexisting conditions.    The Administration estimates that 17.6 million children are no longer denied coverage by insurers because of an illness. Additionally, 105 million Americans have had lifetime coverage limits eliminated.    You obviously travel throughout the country, and I suspect that you have met a lot of people from all political parties who have benefitted from these protections. What do people tell you about the Affordable Care Act and how it has helped them?    And what would happen to these people if my Republican colleagues got their way and were able to actually dismantle this law and these programs?    Mr. DAVIS. Well, thank you very much, and I think that they would say the risk that we take is worth it even if there are some instances where we are not exactly successful, but they are in much better shape than they were before the ACA was passed.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.