    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, gentlemen.    Secretary Carter, could you just prioritize--I know you have a lot of choices to make and priorities to make--low, medium, or high, the fight against ISIS, the military fight against ISIS in the next 5 years?    Ms. McSally. How about the priority of ensuring that if we do send our troops into harm's way, that they have the best capability overhead for close air support should they come under fire?    Ms. McSally. So high as well? Great.    How about if we have an American who has to eject or is shot down or an isolated personnel and they need the best capabilities overhead for combat search and rescue to be able to get them out of there. Low, medium, or high?    Ms. McSally. Just in general. That is just the context. I think you would agree high, right?    General Dunford . Right----    Ms. McSally. So I am pleased to see that you are choosing not to mothball any A-10s in this fiscal year, but I am deeply concerned about the 5-year plan based on you sharing that those priorities are all high. We have mothballed the equivalent of four A-10 squadrons since 2012. We have only nine remaining, and there are actually less airplanes in them than they used to have.    The squadron I commanded used to have 24, and now they are down to 18. They are currently in three theaters, South Korea, Europe, and in the fight against ISIS. And I think you saw that firsthand.    I am confused about some statements and really contradictions in the 5-year plan, so I just want to see if I can figure this out. The F-35 requirements document says that the A-10 will be replaced by the F-35. The F-35 is supposed to replace the A-10. That is part of the requirements document.    We have highlighted over the last year--I have--in many hearings concerns about shortfalls. We need a fifth-generation fighter. But when it comes to close air support, the F-35 having shortfalls in loiter time, lethality, weapons load, the ability to take a direct hit, the ability to fly close combat and be able to survive, and their night capability and their digital targeting capability.    Because of that, your OperationTest and Evaluation has agreed to do a fly-off between the F-35 and the A-10 as part of the evaluation of the F-35, which we were glad to see, because we are concerned that this space is going to have increased risk until we see if there is a proven replacement.    But in your budget, you say that the A-10s will be replaced squadron by squadron by the F-35s. So that seems to me that the outcome is being predetermined. That is my first concern. We are yet to have a fly-off. We think that is going to happen in fiscal year 2018 or 2019, yet you are saying that we are predetermining the outcome that the A-10s will be replaced squadron by squadron by the F-35.    Similarly, we have the Air Force leadership, when asked in a March 3 hearing--and then I followed up last week--basically said the F-35 is really not going to replace the A-10. That is going to be more the F-16 and the F-15E, which contradicts the requirements doc and contradicts your own statement.    If you look at the Air Force's 5-year plan, they are going to put 49 A-10s in the boneyard in fiscal year 2019, another 49 in fiscal year 2020, 64 the year after that, 96 the year after that. Basically, they are getting rid of the A-10. But the fly-off isn't going to happen until at least fiscal year 2018. We won't be able to see the outcome of whether we are going to have a decrease in capabilities until at least a couple years down the line.    So I am just concerned about these contradictions. The Air Force recently is saying that manning is their challenge, that this is their newest excuse as to why they need to be starting to put the A-10 in the boneyard, talking about how they just don't have the manning.    And yet last we looked at, we have got hundreds of people that are playing the tuba and the clarinet wearing the uniform as opposed to core military capabilities. If we really had a manning crisis, from my perspective, we would tell people to put down the tuba and pick up a wrench or a gun, but we are not at that place.    So I am just concerned with where we are right now in these conflicting statements. So I just ask you, General Dunford, do you think that if we put the A-10 in the boneyard before we have a proven tested replacement for these high-priority missions, will there be a risk to American lives?    General Dunford. Congresswoman, what we need in the joint force is the ability to deliver close air support effectively. That is, as you know, it is not just a flat formation; it is a training issue and so forth.    Ms. McSally. Right.    General Dunford. So as the advocate for close air support and joint capabilities, I absolutely believe that we need a transition plan, and there needs to be a replacement for the A-10 before it goes away. There is no question.    Ms. McSally. So that means you don't agree with us putting it in the boneyard before we even assess whether the F-35 would replace it?    General Dunford. What I don't agree with is getting rid of a capability without replacing it. And what I can tell you, without going into great length, is we recently met with all the chiefs--General Welsh was there--to take a look at the issue of close air support as a whole and to make sure that we are looking carefully at the platforms that are being introduced, what capability gaps will exist, how do we mitigate those gaps, and from that, if we can't mitigate the gap, how does that inform the program in the future.    So I can tell you that the interest that Congress has generated quite a bit of interest inside the Department. And again, as the proponent for joint capabilities, I can assure you I will look at this from a close air support perspective to make sure the joint force has the close air support capability that it needs to have.    Ms. McSally. Thanks. My time has expired, but I just want to say, I believe we need a conditional-based replacement not a time-based replacement; that we shouldn't be putting any more of these in the boneyard until the fly-off is done and A-X is developed; and we make sure that we are not putting more American lives at risk.    The Chairman. Mr. Coffman.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.