    Ms. Richardson. Sure. I will take Peter's 2 minutes. I am going to be really quick here.    Chairman Salmon, I think it is manifestly the case that the arc of history is not bending toward justice in mainland China. And I think the jury is really out on the direction that Hong Kong is taking.    The core issue here is not complex: The right to vote and the right to run are equally important. And you don't get to claim democratic reform by giving one while undercutting the other.    We can have a much longer discussion about this. But since I was asked to comment specifically on how the U.S. is doing, I think it is fair to say that while the U.S. has diagnosed the correct problems, I think it has been deeply reticent about being very forceful about those. If you compared, for example, the forcefulness and the frequency of American rhetoric, democracy in Hong Kong to democracy to other parts of the world, you would see a pretty significant gap.    And I think that if the U.S. is willing to say, as the previous panel did, that chief executives in Hong Kong lack legitimacy because they haven't been popularly elected, I really look forward to people making that point about Xi Jinping. I think there are many steps that the U.S. could take: Speaking of more frequently; being seen to be meeting with a full diversity of actors in Hong Kong; I think having codels visits helps enormously.    And I certainly hope that you will take from this hearing your concerns and formulate them to the administration in advance of the S&ED and Xi Jinping visit. Thanks.    Ms. Richardson. I think the reality with China is that you could, the U.S. Could, in theory, throw everything and the kitchen sink at it and the Chinese Communist Party might not be moved. I do think that is a reality.    That said, I think there is a great deal more that the U.S. can do. And if you think comparatively, you know, when you look at, for example, the initial photographs of Occupy, all I can think of, for example, was Ambassador Victoria Nuland at Maidan Square handing out bread to demonstrators. Or you read a jointly penned op-ed by the President and the President of Tunisia talking about democratic reform. And you wonder how many people the administration even tried to imagine a world in which such an activity could be pursued with a peaceful government critic from China or from Hong Kong. I think people have gotten badly ground down by Chinese Government reticence. But there are plenty of examples of how the U.S. promotes democracy and defends rights in somewhat less hostile environments that could very effectively be pursued.