    Ms. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My question is for Mr. Gonzalez.    And, yes, I welcome you, as well. Thank you very much, all of you, panel, for appearing today.    You mentioned in your written statement that all 50 States have now passed some form of new licensing and credentialing laws. Does this include the United States territories?    And, also, could you please go into more detail as to what these new laws are and how they will increase consistency across the States and territories for servicemembers and veterans trying to obtain certain credentials?    Ms. Radewagen. I appreciate that.    You also discussed how only certain occupational licenses are reached by Federal law, but many, including nursing, paramedics, et cetera, are regulated at the State level. For these certain occupational licenses, what can we do in Congress to ensure consistency of protocols all across the States and--of course I am going to say--the U.S. territories?    Ms. Radewagen. We are part of the family.    Ms. Radewagen. Okay. If we could go to the--I am running out of time. Thank you.    Mr. Swift. Well, licensure is a difficult issue because it is a State function, and, frankly, scopes of practice are done by the legislature, and it is a political process about who can lobby the best. And that is why you have differences among States in regard to scope, and some people can administer medication, and some can't. And this is true for a lot of--and then some States may license a dental hygienist and some not. And it is the whole range of how you interpret what public protection is all about, because licensure is supposed to be strictly about public protection.    And there are several issues associated with this. First of all, licensure is based on the whole idea that scope of practice is mutually exclusive from anybody else. So if you say ``wound healing'' in one scope, God help you if you are another professional who says, ``Well, we look at wounds, too,'' you know. And, of course, the workforce is not going that way of having these boundaries of scopes. And so that is why I think it is very difficult for the Federal Government, because it is very State-controlled.    Now, the federations, like the State boards of nursing and physical therapy, psychologists, they try to bring some standardization, but even the nurses, who are very, very active in trying to create a compact of mutual recognition across borders, I think--don't quote me on this, but I think there are around 30, but you would think they would have all 50 States, you know, in looking at this sort of thing.    So it is difficult. I think that a recent initiative by the Department of Labor to look at giving grants in relationship to how we can decrease these barriers with licensure is a good start, to force the States to begin looking at, do we really need to license this profession or is this just a barrier that we put up that is really not necessary?    Ms. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the panel for appearing today.    Mr. DiGiovanni, what do you see as the biggest impediment to achieving better cohesion between military training and civilian licenses and credentials? It seems to me that it might be easier for the States and territories to try to conform to one similar standard for popular licenses and credentials than to have DoD try to adjust training and procedure for a variety of different State standards.    Ms. Radewagen. Thank you. Ms. Gerton, it is nice it see you again. Understanding the results of the NGA study on credentialing are not final, but what are other steps that you think we should take to incentivize States and the territories to pass laws and regulations that account for skills and training that servicemembers already have when looking at licensing and credentialing standards?    Ms. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time.