    Mr. McDonald. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have with me today Under Secretary Hickey and Under Secretary Clancy, who will join me, as well as our CFO, Helen Tierney and Steph Warren, who runs our I.T. operation. And hopefully, we will get a chance to get into detail on some of the issues that you all raised, like the electronic health record.    Chairman Rogers, Chairman Dent, Ranking Member Lowey, Ranking Member Bishop, members of the subcommittee, thanks for the opportunity to discuss the 2016 budget and 2017 Advanced Appropriations request.    I appreciate the opportunity to speak with many of you prior to this hearing. We deeply appreciate Congress' and the President's steadfast support for veterans, their families, and survivors, as well as the assistance of veterans service organizations.    As V.A. emerges from one of the most serious crises the department has ever experienced, we have before us a critical opportunity to improve care for veterans, and to build a more effective system. With your support, the V.A. intends to take full advantage of this opportunity.    Members of this Committee and VSOs share my goal to make the V.A. a model agency with respect to customer experience, an example for other government agencies. With efficient and effective operations, we look to be comparable to the top private sector businesses.    The cost of fulfilling our obligations to veterans rose over time because veterans' demands for services and benefits continue to increase as wars end.    In 2014, 22 percent of Vietnam veterans were receiving service-connected disability benefits. That is four decades after the war ended. We expect the percentage will continue to increase. And it is worth remembering that today, almost 150 years after the Civil War, V.A. is still providing benefits to the child of a Civil War veteran.    We still have troops in both Afghanistan and Iraq. Yet, in the last decade, we have already seen dramatic increases for demand for benefits and care.    From 1960 to 2000, the percentage of veterans receiving V.A. compensation was stable at about 8.5 percent. But in just 14 years, since 2001, the percentage dramatically increased to 19 percent, more than double.    Simultaneously, the number of claims and medical issues in claims has soared. In 2009, VBA completed almost 980,000 claims. In 2017, we project we will complete over 1.4 million claims. That is a 47 percent increase.    But there has been more dramatic growth in the number of medical issues in every single claim; 2.7 million in 2009 and a projected 5.9 million in 2017. That is a 115 percent increase over just 8 years.    These increases were accompanied by a dramatic rise in the average degree of veterans' disability compensation. For 45 years, from 1950 to 1995, the average period of disability was 30 percent. Since 2000, the average period of disability has risen to 47.7 percent.    So, while it is true that the total number of veterans is declining, the number of those seeking care and benefits is increasing dramatically. Fueled by more than a decade of war, Agent Orange-related claims, an unlimited claims appeal process, increased medical claims issues, far greater survival rates for those wounded on the battlefield, more sophisticated methods for identifying and treating veterans' medical issues, and importantly, the demographic shifts--our veterans are aging, veterans' demands for services and benefits exceeded V.A.'s capacity to meet them. It is important that Congress and the American people understand why that is happening.    The most important consideration is that American veterans are aging and retiring. Just 40 years ago, only 2.2 million veterans were 65 years old or older. That is 7.5 percent of the population. In 2017, we expect 9.8 million veterans will be 65 years or older. That is 46 percent of all veterans.    We now serve an older population with a greater demand for care, more chronic conditions, less able to afford private sector care. Currently, 11 million of the 22 million veterans in this country are registered, enrolled, or use at least one V.A. benefit or service. More are demanding V.A. services and care than ever before.    Requirements for women veterans and mental health care have increased dramatically. Over 635,000 women veterans are now enrolled for health care. And over 400,000 actively use V.A. That is double the number in the year 2000.    Annual increases in women veterans seeking care, about 9 percent. And this trend will continue.    Our women veteran call center now connects with over 100,000 women veterans per year.    In 2014, over 1.4 million veterans with a mental health diagnosis entered VHA. And we had 19.6 million mental health outpatient encounters. That is an increase of 64 percent and 72 percent, respectively, since only 2005.    Since its inception in 2007, our veterans' crisis line has answered over 1.6 million calls, and assisted in over 45,000 rescues. As veterans witness the positive changes V.A. is making, and as the military downsizes, the number of veterans choosing V.A. services will continue to rise. It should, and they have earned it.    We are listening hard to what veterans, Congress, employees and veterans service organizations are telling us. What we hear drives us to a historic department-wide transformation, changing V.A.'s culture and making veterans the center of everything we do.    We call it MyVA, and it entails many organizational reforms to better unify the department's efforts on behalf of veterans. MyVA focuses on five objectives to revolutionize culture and reorient V.A. on veterans' outcomes, rather than internal metrics.    First is improving the veteran experience so that every veteran has a seamless, integrated and responsive customer service experience every single time.    Second, improving the employee experience by eliminating barriers to customer service and focusing on our people and our culture so that we can better serve veterans.    Third, improving our internal support services.    Fourth, establishing a culture of continuous improvement to identify and correct problems faster and replicate solutions at all facilities.    And last, enhancing strategic partnerships. The American people, many partners want to join us in this effort, and we welcome them inside the tent.    MyVA is reorganizing the department geographically and that's the first substantial step in achieving this goal. In the past, V.A. had nine disjointed geographic organizational structures, one for each one of our nine lines of business. Our new unified organizational framework has one national structure, which is five regions.    This aligns V.A.'s disparate organizational boundaries into a single framework. This facilitates internal coordination and collaboration among our business lines, creates opportunities for local level integration, and promotes effective customer service. Veterans will see one V.A. rather than individual disconnected organizations.    Last, MyVA is also about ensuring sound stewardship of taxpayer dollars. We will integrate management improvement systems, such as Lean Six Sigma, across operations to ensure we balance veteran-centric service with operational efficiency.    But we need the help of Congress. V.A. cannot be a sound steward of the taxpayers' resources with the asset portfolio we carry. No business would carry such a portfolio, and veterans deserve better.    It is time to close V.A.'s old substandard and underutilized infrastructure. Nine hundred V.A. facilities are over 90 years old, and more than 1,300 are over 70 years old. V.A. currently has 336 buildings that are vacant, or less than 50 percent occupied.    That is 10.5 million square feet of excess space costing an estimated $24 million annually to maintain. These funds could be used to hire roughly 200 registered nurses for a year, pay for 144,000 primary care visits for veterans, or support 41,900 days of nursing home care for veterans in community living centers.    We need your support to do the right thing. MyVA reforms will take time, but over the long term they will enable us to better provide veterans with services and benefits they have earned, and that our nation has promised them.    Our 2016 budget will allow us to continue transforming to meet the intent of MyVA. It requests $168.8 billion; a $73.5 billion in discretionary funds, and $95.3 billion in mandatory funds for benefit programs. The discretionary request is an increase of $5.2 billion, or 7.5 percent above the 2015 enacted level, providing resources to continue serving the growing number of veterans seeking care and benefits.    The budget will increase access to medical care and benefits for veterans. It will address infrastructure challenges, including major and minor construction, modernization and renovation. It will end the backlog of claims, and it will end veteran homelessness in calendar year 2015. It will fund medical and prosthetics research, and it will address important I.T. infrastructure and modernization.    The resources required in the 2016 budget request are in addition to those Congress provided last year in the Veterans Choice Act. V.A. has implemented the Act. We want to be successful, and we will be expanding our outreach, and providing more information to veterans with a nationwide public-service announcement, which we will share with you the link so that you can see it.    But we don't know at this time how many veterans will use the provisions of the Act to seek non-V.A. care, or how much that care will cost. There is a high degree of uncertainty, as there is in any free marketplace with choice. Our current estimates of demand range from a low of about $4 billion for Choice Act, to a high of about $13 billion over a 3-year program.    We will need flexibility within our budget to ensure that we have the right resources at the right place, at the right time, to provide veterans the timely care they need, regardless of where they choose to get that care. As an example of this flexibility, we are currently exploring options to review the 40-mile provision of the Choice Act to get more veterans the care that they want.    I look forward to working with this committee, with other members of Congress, with veteran stakeholders, on this critical issue. We meet today at a historically important time for V.A. and our nation. Today marks the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln's solemn promise to care for those ``who shall have borne the battle,'' and for their families and their survivors.    That is V.A.'s primary mission, the noblest mission supporting the greatest clients of any agency in the country. Mr. Chairman, members of the committee, thanks again for your support for veterans, for working with us on these budget requests, and for making things better for all veterans. We look forward to your questions, sir.    Mr. McDonald. Mr. Chairman, we share your vision for hybrid or integrated system of the future, an integrated system of V.A. care and non-V.A. care. Looking at it from the veterans' perspective, we want the veteran to get the care they need, wherever it is most convenient and that care is available.    Outside care is something the V.A. has been about for quite a while. In fact, over the last year, our non-V.A. care appointments have increased about 48 percent. So that is a large increase. That is even before the Choice Act.    With the Choice Act, we now have the ability, as you said, if you are outside 40 miles, if you are beyond 30 days of getting more people access to outside care. It is very early in the days of the Choice Act. The last cards were mailed in January. We started in November.    We set up the program in a period of months. And so we are not yet certain how many veterans will take advantage of the Choice Act. And we would like to continue opening the aperture of the Choice Act so more veterans can take advantage of it.    We are now getting in contact with all veterans to make sure they are aware of it, since many of the cards were sent out over the holidays, and may have been lost. We are also airing a public service ad, which is on our web-site, and we would be happy to share that ad with you. And we are doing everything we can to get more providers into the system.    But so far, we have not seen the full impact of the Choice Act. And we want to work with you on redefining it in order to get more people into it.    Mr. McDonald. We think it will. If you look over our recent past, we have been leasing more facilities and creating more community-based outpatient clinics than we have the big, large hospitals. That is a trend in the medical industry. And it is one that we think is appropriate in order to get care out to where the veterans actually live.    Mr. McDonald. Well, as you said in the statement that I issued, we felt that many of the proposals advocated contracting out this sacred mission that we have for care for those who have borne the battle. We think there is an important role for outside care, as I have said. We think there will be a hybrid system, an integrated system in the future, to supplement V.A.'s own care.    But we don't think that diminishes or obscures the importance of V.A.'s health care system. We think reforming V.A. health care can't be achieved by dismantling it and preventing it, or preventing veterans from receiving the specialized care and services that can be provided by V.A.    Our goal continues to be to provide that care for veterans, and we are happy to meet with anyone to discuss any ideas. We believe every idea is on the table. But we are going to look at it through the lens of what is best for veterans.    Mr. McDonald. Yes, sir.    First of all, relative to our employment initiative, we are recruiting. This week I was at the University of Delaware School of Nursing, and it was my 13th medical school trying to recruit people. So we do desperately need people.    We talked about the issue in California. I would ask Dr. Clancy to do a deep dive on that. Maybe let her report on that.    Mr. McDonald. Relative to the peace organizations, we do have a national peace organization, well trained to deal with veterans, particularly those with traumatic brain injury. It is their role to reach out to the community, connect with the community, make sure that the local community is aligned.    Mr. McDonald. Absolutely. We will follow up on that. We are working very hard to strengthen our security organization, particularly in light of what happened in El Paso, and this will be one of the things we build into it.    Mr. McDonald. I think we will have a demonstrable impact. And, as we talked, the number of claims is going up. The number of issues per claim is going up. We have committed to ending the backlog by 2015 and then keeping it down. I would draw your attention to the pictures in my written testimony of the Winston Salem VBA office, where on one picture, you see all the files that Chairman Rogers was talking about. The other picture, you see no files. Because everything has been digitized.    We have done all we can with digitization, with mandatory overtime. Now, we need more people.    Mr. McDonald. 125 days.    Mr. McDonald. The increase that was in the----    Mr. McDonald . The real request--we have had subsequent conversations with the OIG--is $15 million. We support that request.    Mr. McDonald. I don't know exactly.    Mr. McDonald. We will do the math and get back to you. It is $15 million. We have a lot of investigations going on and we need to get through them, get them over with.    Mr. McDonald. There has been a significant movement. In fact, I will let Carolyn talk about it. I wanted to mention something you and I had talked about earlier--strategic partnerships. Home-Base, in Boston where I visited, funded by the Boston Red Sox. Serving veterans with TBI, with PTSD. We are very supportive of activity. We want to create more of this strategic partnership.    Mr. McDonald. We actually talked this morning after our discussion, and we are going to go big into the Social Security Administration and find out what is going on. Because we have to take responsibility for that. The veterans are ours.    It is devastating.    Mr. McDonald. Let me let Allison answer that, but I just want to say that the scanning process is absolutely essential. It allows us to digitize the claim, which allows us to have a national workflow. We can move those claims anywhere in the country that has time and effort to get it done. It is one of the things that has led to the reduction, the backlog. Allison?    Mr. McDonald. Ranking Member Bishop, I have said many times since I came in this job that we shouldn't punish veterans or servicemembers by having boundaries between organizations that get in the way of their care.    So we take it very seriously that we have got to integrate with DOD on the electronic health record. It is one of the first things I looked at. And I have been to our sites, San Antonio, for example, where we run a hospital with DOD, and we have V.A. and DOD doctors looking at the same medical information on the screen.    So I would like Steph Warren, if I could, to do a little bit of a deep dive on this, to bring the committee up to speed. And we would be happy to come over and do demonstrations for you in your office for your staff.    Mr. McDonald. First of all, Congressman Rooney, thank you for the question, and thank you for your service. Everything we put together, we are not looking at as a time-bound exercise. But I would hope that everything we have talked to you about in terms of MyVA, the reorganization we are talking about, I think we can certainly get done over the next couple of years.    My biggest frustration from the very beginning was the lack of focus on the veteran. It was a sense that we were an organization, as I went around--and I have been to over 100 sites now of V.A.--employees were telling me they felt like they were prisoners of a system that they couldn't change.    The single message I am giving employees every time I go somewhere and I do a town-hall meeting is, ``No, this is your V.A., too, and you can change it.''    I have embraced union leadership, 65 percent of our employees are union members. This leadership team, this group of employees, is going to change the V.A., is going to put the veteran at the center of everything we do.    My first national press conference, which I think was in September, I gave out my cell phone number nationally. It is available on the Internet. And I would like members of Congress to do the same.    And I get calls every single day from veterans. And I like that, because I am able to figure out what is going on. We stood up a team of people to help me with it, but I like to answer the phone.    I did that deliberately, because I wanted to demonstrate to everybody during a time of crisis, it is normal organization dynamic, and normal human dynamic, that people turn inward, and in a sense become more bureaucratic, and worry about their own survival.    What we need to do is turn outward, care about veterans, embrace veterans. And I see those changes happening right now. I hear it on my phone at night when I am able to answer the calls. And I get a lot of letters. And we respond to every single one of them. That is a big change.    Mr. McDonald. Thank you, Congressman Price. Great questions. Staffing is a big issue for us. Roughly, we are short about 4,000 physicians and about 10,000 nurses.    I have been to roughly over a dozen medical schools. Duke University was the first medical school I visited. And we are competing against some of the for-profit systems in the country to attract the best and brightest doctors and nurses we can find.    One of the first things I did as Secretary was to raise the salary bands of our doctors in order to pay them competitively. That has helped our recruiting effort. And if I look over the last nine months, we have hired roughly 900 doctors, net-new.    So in other words, we have had some leave. Our retention rate is very good. We have had some leave. But we have got roughly 900 more new doctors. And that is good. We have hired over 1,000 nurses.    So that has been very helpful. But while getting the providers is helpful, and paying them competitively is helpful, the other thing I am up against is just in a sense the aura that exists in this country that V.A. is somehow a terrible place to work. And I am pleased that the Chairmen and Ranking Members of our two committees, House and Senate, Veterans Affairs committees, have come to V.A. We have town-hall meetings, national town-hall meetings, so that the members of the committee could express themselves to the employees about how much they respect what they are doing, and how important it is.    The other barrier we face is the infrastructure. We have 11.5 percent roughly female veterans right now. It is going to grow to 20 percent. And our buildings are over 50 years old. They were built at a time when you had one gender of bathroom, where you didn't have space for women's clinics. And one of the things we know about women veterans is they prefer to enter the building and exit the building in a different place than the men. So we are in the process of trying to retrofit those entries. But that is why our construction budget is so important.    One last example, and I will end, is part of the problem in Phoenix that we talked about was providers, was the doctors and nurses. When I went there, we needed 1,000 new people the day I was there. That was right after I was confirmed.    But one of the problems that didn't get much publicity, is we only had one clinical room for each doctor. And the average doctor has three clinical rooms; one where the patient is getting ready, one where the patient is being examined, one where the patient is getting ready to leave. So this is a fundamental issue.    Last point is, I talk a lot about V.A. being the canary in the coal mine for American medicine. Our shortage of primary care physicians, our shortage of mental health professionals, is a national shortage. And that is why I go to the medical schools, is to try to increase the throughput, and increase the residency, so we can get a greater number of mental health professionals and family care physicians.    Mr. McDonald. I was--one of my surprises when I came back to government was the inflexibility of being able to serve customers. I am used to the private sector. I am used to, if a customer wants to buy Tide, we have Tide for them. If they want to buy Dash or whatever, we have Dash for them.    The inflexibility of moving money from one line item to the other, despite the fact that the consumer, the veteran, has a choice, doesn't make much sense to me. It is analogous to having two checking accounts at home; one is for gasoline, one is for food. And you can't move money between the two. The price of gasoline falls in half, and you are hungry, you want to buy food. But you can't do that.    Because of the Choice program, we have given the veterans a choice. You, the Congress, have defined by law the benefits that veterans get. I am trained to execute and provide those benefits, but yet, you control both the benefits they get, and you control the money I have to spend to deliver those benefits. I am kind of a prisoner of the system.    All I was saying with the request for flexibility was--and I am happy to come back with you at the appropriate time--as these programs, as we begin to integrate these programs with the only intention of serving veterans, let's make sure we have a discussion that we have the money in the right place, and that we have enough money in the right place, that we can provide the veterans the care that the laws that we pass said they deserve.    I just want to make sure we have that conversation, because I can't predict the free market with 100 percent certainty.    Mr. McDonald. When the law was passed, and the way the Congressional Budget Office scored it, it was 40 miles geodesic, meaning as the crow flies. We have been given enthusiastic support by both of our authorizing committees to take another look at that 40-mile criteria.    We are in the process of doing the review right now. We are going to come back to the Congress with a reinterpretation in an effort to open the aperture. We have had roughly a half a million calls to our call center about the Choice Act. But only--that has resulted in only about 30,000 appointments or so. And about half of those are because of 40 miles, about half of those are because of 30 days, the 30-day limit.    That is just not a big enough take rate. So we are trying to do a better job marketing. We are contacting veterans. We are also running a public-service ad I talked about. We want to see how far we can push it.    At the same time, we want to, as quickly as possible, redefine that 40-mile limit, which is the biggest barrier, and come back to members of Congress with that reinterpretation.    Mr. McDonald. Well, we agree with your comments. In fact, of the five objectives of MyVA, I think maybe perhaps one of the biggest ideas, other than being veteran-centric, is strategic partnerships. We are working very hard to establish strategic partnerships.    And when I say that, I include the community. And I would just point to the example of we have a problem with homelessness. We are trying to drive down homelessness to zero, virtual homelessness of veterans to zero by the end of this calendar year. Yet, we have had a lawsuit going on in Los Angeles for 4 years that stopped us from doing what we needed to do to use 380 acres that we had there for homeless veterans.    I got involved through a friend in Omaha. I found out who the law--who was behind the lawsuit.    We brought the community together, including the mayor and everyone else, and members of Congress. And we have come up with a solution and a memorandum of understanding, and a plan forward to eliminate homelessness. So, I want to do the same thing in Omaha.    Mr. McDonald. I think the biggest thing Congress could do is provide me the flexibility a business leader has to get the job done. Let's agree on what the task is. And then let's have the flexibility to get it done.    Budget line items, where money can't be moved in a free market economy. You know, arguably, the V.A. is the largest business in government. We are the second largest department in government. We are the largest health care system in government. At one time--and this goes back to the congressman's recent comment--many of the things that we do are archaic versus today. Today, veterans have choice. They never had choice before. Yet, our laws and our budgetary processes are all about an inflexible system, an inside system.    So, no criticism here. I just think we need to move forward and move toward the end game, which is going to be strategic partnerships. It is going to be a combination inside V.A. care and outside care. But we have to have the budget to do that. We have to have the flexibility to do that. And all of us focus on the task of providing the care to veterans.    Mr. McDonald. One--that is a great point. One of the things that we are doing--and this is particularly through the health system--as you have heard from Alison's comments about the benefits, she and her team have done a great job bringing this, modernizing this, digitizing this, and getting this going.    Admittedly, we have more work to do yet, but we are on the way.    In the health care system, we have got some more fundamental work to do. Under Alison, under Carolyn's leadership, we put together something called the Blueprint for Excellence, which is a 10-strategy plan of returning the health care system to preeminence in the country. That plan talks about strategic partnerships. It talks about a hybrid system. That is the vision that we have.    As we continue to work, we will get more and more concrete on what that vision looks like. And I think that your point is exactly right. Rather than trying to take an operating room which needs to be 50 percent bigger, and trying to do that, maybe we go to an operating room in a university that we have an affiliation with. We have got great affiliations with the best medical schools in the country.    So, there is a lot that can be done. And we are going to be making that vision more and more concrete over time.    Mr. McDonald. You are absolutely right. Incarceration for a veteran is a ticket to homelessness. And so, veterans courts--it was mentioned earlier in one of the members' testimony--veterans courts are a great way to deal with this. We are big advocates of veterans courts, we support veterans courts.    I spoke at the Harvard Business--Harvard Law School about veterans courts. And we want to do everything we can to put veterans courts in place in every state. Because if we keep veterans out of jail, we will keep them out of being homeless. It is a great point.    Mr. McDonald. We are totally committed to maintain and making modern and useful our electronic health record. This has become even more important than it was before, because, as Steph alluded to earlier, we now have private sector doctors using our record.    I went to the American Medical Association Convention last summer in Dallas. And I talked a lot about how do I get every doctor in this country using our health record.    Our record is open source, which means it is free. Our record is crowd-sourced innovation, which means if a doctor uses our record and has an idea to improve it, we want that idea.    I think there is a real opportunity here to make our records the world class record it can be. And so it needs to go forward to the private sector doctor and then go backward in DOD. So the interoperability is actually essential in both directions.    Mr. McDonald. The Clay Hunt Act was also helpful, and we are very thankful to members of Congress for the Clay Hunt Act. Because, as Carolyn said earlier, being able to repay student loans is an incentive to get more mental health professionals. And that allowed for a $30,000 repayment of student loans. It also allowed for more residencies, as I recall. And residencies becomes an issue.    Medical schools will tell you, they can produce more graduates. But without the residencies, it doesn't help. So, that is very helpful.    To me, the biggest thing we have got to do is outreach. We have got to find the veterans who are, for whatever reason, resistant to seeking that care. And I am very hopeful that with the ``American Sniper,'' being such a successful movie and with our Academy Award that we won for our ``dial 1'' documentary, that this is going to create more visibility in the general public and help Americans realize that if they see someone--a veteran who may need help, to let somebody know about it.    We have a toll-free number that can be called, and we want to increase our outreach, both from veterans and from the general public and from family members, so that we can get in touch with these individuals, because we know if we get them into our system, that we can effectively treat them.    Mr. McDonald. No, as I said, we would like to do more with the Choice program, and we want to make sure every eligible veteran is able to take advantage of it.    I appreciate the VFW running that research. We sent out cards starting in November. The last cards went out in January. That research started in December, so--and was completed recently.    So it is going to take time, but we are redoubling our efforts, as I said earlier, to make sure every veteran knows of their qualifications for the Choice program and every veteran can take advantage of it.    We appreciate the VFW running the research.    Mr. McDonald. I am not aware of that specific situation, Ranking Member Bishop, but I know from my private sector experience, I have converted different plants from natural gas to electricity and back and forth, or use co-generation. So I am assuming that the study would have to show a rate of return on that investment if we are going to make the capital investment.    I can assure you that, as the Secretary, I would not make that investment if there weren't an acceptable rate of return from the American people. But we will have to dig into that specific example.    Thank you.    Mr. McDonald. That is as much as I know is what you just said. We are in the process of making transition.    And again, I think this is a good example of another strategic partnership, and that is a partnership with DOD. And we appreciate your comments and the fact that you have been looking for this.    Caroline, I don't know if you have an update beyond that.    Mr. McDonald. We did look into that. After we talked, we did look into that process. And frankly, I think that we could have done a better job involving your staff and you in that process of selecting that location.    The location is selected. We do think it is a good location, and if we were to change the location, my understanding is it would significantly delay us.    And as a result, we think it is best to move forward, but we do think that the process could have been improved of including your staff and you in the process of that.    Mr. McDonald. I will have to get back to you on the details. My understanding is they are generally political, and--    Mr. McDonald. Yes. That--that garage?    We obviously picked that picture on purpose.    Helen, do you have any--what do we need help on here? Is it statutory or--thank you for asking.    Mr. McDonald. I think part of it was around the issues in Los Angeles that I mentioned earlier. The Los Angeles campus had a rental car facility, a laundry facility, and a whole bunch of other things. And as a result of that, the enhanced use lease authority got restricted. I think we are beyond that now. We have solved the problem in Los Angeles. This would be helpful.    The other thing that would be helpful--and we have done a lot of study on this--is, with the strategic partnerships, we also have the ability to create mechanisms where we could receive funds from private sector to help veterans. And we have looked at that authority, as well.    Mr. McDonald. Right.    Mr. McDonald. We will do that.    Mr. McDonald. We will do that. We will do it very soon.    Mr. McDonald. On that particular goal, we have done a deep dive on the statistics of that goal. And statistically, it is virtually impossible to achieve it. Statistically, if you have two probabilities--let's say one is .5 percent, the other is .5 percent--together, they are .25 percent. If you add another one, you know--and the probabability keeps going down the more elements you add.    We did a deep dive on this, and there are so many elements to achieving a perfect claim resolution that it would be impossible to get to 98 percent.    Allison, any detail you want to add?