    Mr. Roos-Collins. Thank you, and good afternoon, Mr. Chairman, ranking minority members. My name is Richard Roos-Collins. I appear on behalf of the Hydropower Reform Coalition.    Our conservation groups represent two million people who fish, boat, and hike on the lands and waters of these hydropower projects. Since 1992, our coalition has reached 170 settlement agreements with licensees, including Pacific Gas and Electric, and also New York Power Authority. We worked with the National Hydropower Association and other stakeholders to negotiate the 2005 integrated licensing process which FERC uses, and the 2013 Hydropower Regulatory Efficiency Act.    We support the goal of expedited licensing consistent with the quality of the license. We do not support specific mechanisms in the discussion draft that would undercut cooperation between FERC and other agencies.    Under the draft, FERC would control the schedule for the work of other agencies, determine facts relevant to fishways and federal reservations, and exclusively administer a license once issued. This would disrupt the cooperative approach that has succeeded under the Federal Power Act since 1935. Section 10(a) of that Act requires that each license must be best adapted to a comprehensive plan for power, flood control, water support, fish, and recreation. This mandate is achieved through cooperation. FERC determines overall how to advance the public interest, and it issues the license. Other agencies write specific articles for fishways, federal reservations, and water quality. FERC and those other agencies work hard to manage the tradeoffs between competing uses of waters, looking out two generations. In the modern era, licenses have increased power capacity by 4 percent, relative to the original licenses, and are providing billions of dollars of regional economic benefits associated with non-power uses. At one project alone, recreation, including family recreation, will produce more than $330 million in such benefits over the next 30 years.    Now, let me turn to time. A licensing process is expected to take 5 years or less. Why that period? The license is based on the studies conducted to evaluate how best to manage trade-offs over two generations. Should licensings end on time? Yes. And, in fact, most do. Are some licensings delayed today? Yes. Roughly \1/4\. Do delays occur merely because agencies, other than FERC, write license articles? No.    Let me give an example. Under the 2005 Energy Policy Act, the federal agency that prescribes a fishway must provide a trial on disputed issues. These trials have consistently ended on time; 6 months or less. The assigned judges did this by knocking heads. Section 1303 of the discussion draft would move these trials to FERC. Would that save time? No. It would just transfer the authority to resolve those triable issues.    We support commonsense mechanisms that save time and money by improving coordination between FERC and other agencies. Cut red tape? Yes. So let me make four suggestions.    First, there should be a joint environmental document in each licensing. Today, there tend to be several. That is because FERC requires an agency cooperating in FERC's own document to forego the right to be a party. Faced with that catch 22, states tend to prepare their own documents for their water quality certifications. Half of the delayed licensings are in California, and that is largely why.    Second, a joint study plan should provide the information necessary for all license articles.    Third, there should be a comprehensive schedule, and an agency dragging its feet should be subject to a judicial mandate.    And lastly, we support the procedure used by former FERC Chair, Pat Wood, in the early 2000s. He held an annual hearing solely to address delayed licensings. He grilled his staff and parties alike to isolate and fix causes for delay. The backlog shrank very quickly.    We are committed to work with this committee, industry, agencies, and other stakeholders to develop reforms that expedite licensings consistent with the public interest in enhancing power and other beneficial uses of our nation's waters.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Roos-Collins. Yes, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rush. Yes.    Mr. Roos-Collins, I know that you are not an agency expert on how this bill would impact commercially mandated environmental protection laws, but I don't see anybody else on the panel who is an agency expert either, nor did I see anyone on the previous panel who is an agency expert, but I just want to get your opinion, if I could. How would this bill impact issues relevant to the Department of Commerce, Department of the Interior, and the Department of Agriculture who are the very agencies that are responsible for protecting water quality, America's fishways, federal reservations, and other of our nation's natural resources? Can you give me an opinion on that?    Mr. Roos-Collins. I do. The discussion draft would transfer much of the authority to FERC. And I will leave aside pre-licensing, which is what our testimony has addressed. Let me briefly mention post-licensing. The opening page of the discussion draft provides that FERC will have exclusive authority to administer a license----    Mr. Rush. Yes.    Mr. Roos-Collins . Which is to say that it will have exclusive authority to administer those terms of a license that derive from a water quality certification. That is trouble, in terms of actually protecting the beneficial uses of our waters. And to be clear, Ranking Minority Member, I believe that FERC is a very capable federal agency.    Mr. Rush. Yes.    Mr. Roos-Collins. I respect Ms. Miles and her staff. They are competent. This is not about competency; it is about on-the-ground knowledge. In a typical proceeding, FERC staff will visit the project a few days. By contrast, the staff for the State Water Agency, or for the Fish and Wildlife Service and NIPS, or the Forest Service, will have walked those grounds dozens, if not hundreds of times. That on-the-ground knowledge is what Congress respected in the 1935 Federal Power Act, which delegated to them limited authorities to use that knowledge to protect certain resources.    Mr. Rush. Well, it seems to me as though, Mr. Roos-Collins, that we are at a position that the question--when shifting the responsibility for holding trial-type hearings on any disputed issue of material fact from the secretaries of the same departments, Interior, Agriculture, or Commerce, to FERC, would that, in your opinion, do anything to expedite or will it be akin to a rat running around a maze, no way out, in terms of the permitting process, would this help us at all expedite?    Mr. Roos-Collins. My opinion is that it would not expedite, and it--indeed, it could delay.    And if I might give one brief example. The National Marine Fishery Services uses administrative law judges assigned from the Coast Guard. Those judges conduct a trial as though they were onboard a ship. At a pretrial conference, they once looked at the attorneys and they said, you have pending motions, if you argue those motions I will cut you off, and if I cut you off I will probably rule against you. You want to argue on the motions? And, of course, all of the parties said no. Well, that pretrial conference was over in 15 minutes.    My experience with the judges assigned by Interior and Commerce and Agriculture is that they are tough and fair, and as a result, I don't think moving this to FERC would expedite decisions.    Mr. Roos-Collins. Mr. Chairman, yes, the license articles required by other federal agencies have increased cost in terms of implementation. The question that we ask is, are the benefits worth the cost? And so to take New York Power Authority's St. Lawrence FDR Project as a for instance, the federal and state agencies alike use these very authorities through settlement. I dare say that the result for the power authority may have been more expensive than what would have happened if FERC had exclusive authority.    Mr. Roos-Collins. I think it is also fair to say that the benefits----    Mr. Roos-Collins . Were significant.    Mr. Rush. Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, the Ranking Member Pallone asked this question of the previous panel, and I want to ask Mr. Roos-Collins the same question.    Mr. Roos-Collins, buried in the language of the draft is a two-word change to Section 4(e) of the Federal Power Act. The words on the existing statute ``shall deem'' are replaced by the single word ``determines''. The context of this change is mandatory conditioning authority of the resource agencies.    I have three questions. Is this a significant change from current law? What would be the practical effect of this change on the ability of resource agencies to protect and manage things under their jurisdiction? And lastly, will this change result in more or less litigation, in your opinion?    Mr. Roos-Collins. In my opinion, the change in those two words is not significant, and here is why. I think the intent of the discussion draft is to change from a verb, deem, that has lots of discretion to determine, which sounds like it must be more rational and based in the record. That is what these agencies already must do. There is a case called Bangor Hydro, decided by the D.C. Circuit in 1996, that expressly held that a federal agency cannot have a field of dreams justification for a condition; it must have a rational basis and state a specific goal. And so with respect to those two words, what I see is an intent to recognize the holding of that case, and similar cases that followed.