    Mr. Cox. Chairman Shuster and Ranking Member DeFazio, members of the committee, my name is John Cox and I am serving as president of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials or AASHTO, which is much easier to say. I have also had the privilege of serving as the Wyoming Department of Transportation director for just a little bit over 10 years.    My main message this morning is to urge prompt action on a well-funded, long-term highway transit and highway safety bill. Our country needs a Federal transportation system program with robust investment levels coupled with long-term funding stability. Furthermore, the program should provide States with flexibility by preserving the percentage of funds distributed by formula, and by streamlining regulations and program requirements.    Throughout our country's history, transportation has played a pivotal role in the success of our economy. While States have done a great job of addressing transportation within their boundaries, there is clearly a need for a cohesive national transportation system.    In Wyoming, for instance, I-80 stretches 401 miles across the southern part of the State. Over half of the traffic on this route is trucks, and over three-quarters of that truck traffic is in transit through Wyoming between Midwest markets and west coast ports, carrying all manner of goods, from agricultural commodities to raw materials and manufactured goods. This traffic, which is national commerce, would not be possible without an effective interstate transportation system.    As you know, our national highway program at its core is a federally funded, State-administered program based on a 100-year-old partnership between the Federal Government and State DOTs. The State department of transportation plays a critical role in ensuring a safe, reliable, and efficient transportation network.    In 2013, my Governor, Governor Matt Mead, sought to establish a sustainable State funding base for transportation projects by signing a 10-cent increase in the State motor fuels tax law. Supported by business and civic groups like the Wyoming Taxpayers Association, and with strong legislative leadership, this action has allowed us to raise over $70 million per year to invest in both State and local transportation infrastructure.    Dozens of other States are successfully adopting legislation that increases revenue for transportation investment. But it is important to note that States take action to supplement the Federal program and not as a substitute for it.    State departments of transportation have strong partnerships with local governments in their respective States. The transportation planning process requires our DOTs to work extensively with local planning agencies and the public in developing multimodal transportation plans and identifying projects that are supported by Federal dollars.    This process works, and it is the foundation of the performance-based program requirements that were established 2\1/2\ years ago in MAP-21. State DOTs have strong, productive partnerships with local governments, and the transportation planning process is working well. We would not alter the federally funded, State-administered nature of the program.    Before closing, let me comment on some regulatory points. We need to be careful when it comes to developing and implementing Federal regulations. A number of currently proposed rules would impose new requirements, increasing administrative costs at a time when construction inflation eats away at the flatlined Federal funding level.    One proposed rule would have States collect multiple data items for all public roads, including unpaved and low-volume roads. Scarce dollars would be much better used on road and bridge projects. Simply put, we need to continue working on reducing administrative burdens and maximizing actual transportation outcomes and services from Federal program dollars.    MAP-21 made significant changes in the project delivery process to accelerate the speed at which we can maintain and improve highway and transit projects. We can build on this with additional streamlining provisions in the next bill, and we can propose streamlining ideas.    To conclude, AASHTO remains committed to helping Congress pass a robust, long-term surface transportation bill as soon as possible. The current extension expires in the middle of this spring construction season, and already several State DOTs are postponing needed projects because of the unpredictable Federal funding.    For example, Tennessee, Arkansas, and my State, Wyoming, have already postponed multiple projects, ranging from $28 million in Wyoming to $400 million in Tennessee, because of the uncertainty in Federal funding. The sooner Congress acts, the greater the likelihood that these important projects will not be pushed back another year.    Mr. Chairman and committee, I want to thank you again for the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to the questions.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, obviously AASHTO does not support devolution. We are 1 of 38 organizations that signed a letter sent to Members of Congress yesterday opposing devolution presentations. We support a strong Federal highway and transit program. As I stated in my testimony, a strong Federal program is needed to support interstate commerce, and I gave examples from I-80 across southern Wyoming.    According to some data that was released by the American Road and Transportation Builders Association yesterday, in Wyoming we would have to raise our fuel tax 30-plus cents per gallon in order to make up the difference. Looking at the chart that ARTBA released yesterday, there is not one State in the country that could go through what I went through, what we went through in Wyoming to raise the fuel tax on the stateside 10 cents, and break even. So the impact in terms of cost at the State level would be considerable.    Mr. Cox. Ranking Member DeFazio, you mentioned in your opening statement and you showed this chart with the various levels of dependency on Federal funds among the States. I think you said the average was about 51 percent. So I will start with my most embarrassing fact first. Wyoming was about 68 percent dependent at one time. That is much better because of the 10-cent fuel tax hike than it was at one time. But I would tell you that that universal balance there where the States are dependent speaks for itself.    But I think, more importantly, as the Governor started this morning, he mentioned the connectivity issue between the States. The strong Federal role and partnership has been proven for 100 years. And so when done right, it has stood the test of time. We think that it needs to be continued.    Mr. Cox. Thank you for the promotion, Representative Mica. Wyoming has not made any moves similar to Texas and California at this point. Let me make a statement, though, quickly on behalf of AASHTO.    To the extent that MAP-21 extended some State authority that could be applied for and granted at the State level, let me speak just specifically for a second to projects within the right-of-way. We think that there is an opportunity here in the next bill to extend those privileges under NEPA to include transportation conformity determinations.    One area where there has been progress is inside the right-of-way. When a State has a short construction season, that is us, and that is virtually any Northern State, and has to wait for a clearance or permit from some non-DOT agency. That can be the difference in whether or not the project can be completed.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, Representative Norton, from both a Wyoming perspective and a national perspective, we support both the Federal Lands Transportation Program, and I will mention something here that adds to that, and that is the Tribal Transportation Program.    You mentioned the national parks, Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Park, and we have also got many miles of National Forest highway as well. Ensuring access to these parks and transportation within those facilities is clearly a Federal responsibility, but I will tell you that it is the second largest revenue generator in Wyoming, the second largest industry.    It is also important to support our Nation's tribal communities. I just got a figure yesterday that there are just short of 600 different recognized tribes of Native Americans within the United States. And those tribal lands include a large portion of Wyoming, equal to the largest county in Wyoming. And if you will allow me to focus for one second here, I want to tell you a success story that reinforces our support of Federal lands in the program.    The collaboration between WYDOT, my organization, the Arapaho and Shoshone Tribes, which are the residents of the Wind River Reservation, in the center of Federal lands led to a successful overhaul and construction of a road called 17 Mile Road, which on a VMT basis was the deadliest piece of highway in Wyoming.    And we just finished that last year and turned it over to the tribes. So without that collaboration from those three angles and without the participation of the Federal lands program, it could not have been possible to get done what we did.    Mr. Cox. Representative Sires, in Wyoming there are no toll roads. Several years ago----    Mr. Cox . At the tail end of SAFETEA-LU, there was an indepth study. So it is not as if to say there has not been a conversation about it. But there was an indepth study ordered by the legislature into the viability of a possible tolling scenario on I-80 should that be enabled at the Federal level. I would tell you that the viability was there. It was a conversation before its time, and the people spoke very loudly that it was not a popular idea with the populace.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, Wyoming is looking at that. We are very concerned about it. And there is probably not a lot I can say because the State has drawn a legal stance on the matter. But Wyoming is concerned with it.    I think that from the standpoint of AASHTO and the State DOTs in general, there is deep concern. We have got situations prior to this proposed ruling that range from great relationships which lead to relatively quick approvals all the way to if you turn a shovel in the right-of-way in the ditch that you have to have permission. And so that is something that AASHTO is watching very closely.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, first of all, we can get back to the committee for the record with some deeper information than this. However, I would tell you I think from a multistate perspective and certainly from the perspective of the State where I live, that concern exists.    I do not know at this point that I have a recommendation for what to do from the Federal level to address that. I believe the fact that it has to have our attention speaks for itself. But I do not have a recommendation at this point. We will get back to you.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, to answer the first question, clearly it makes us less competitive. The problem with the uncertainty is not only--we could go on and on about the planning process and the long-term issues with highway design and construction.    But if you look at the construction community, in Wyoming we have an instate capacity. We rely on surrounding States' contractors. They cannot plan their own workforces. That is jobs. They cannot plan their own physical plant and equipment unless there is some sort of certainty in terms of funding in general, including----    Mr. Cox. No.    Mr. Cox. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, absolutely. In my State----    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, whether you are talking about the corpus of jobs involved in construction or the ripple effect, you are talking about millions of jobs.    Mr. Cox. I believe so.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, first of all it would be hard to overstate my agreement, our agreement, with you that a long-term, sustainable source of funding for transportation is absolutely needed. AASHTO has put together a matrix that illustrates a large menu of options, every one known to us, and most of those are known to many, but that have been exhaustively discussed. I am not sure that there are any out there that--there may be some creative alternatives out there that have yet to make it to the list.    The elephant in the room, for sure, is how to pay for this. I think, from the perspective of our States, whatever immediate short-term action needs to be done, whatever needs to be done in terms of a multiyear bill probably is going to involve a little bit of a different consideration than is, what does the future look like?    Because I think all of us recognize that the Highway Trust Fund and the funding mechanism for it is one that is becoming inadequate. And so what does that look like in the future? That will be a combination, most assuredly, of options.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, as a lifelong cyclist and competitive cyclist as well, I am absolutely in favor of the use of alternative modes of transportation. Having said that, let me just comment on this to come back to the big picture in terms of what is facing us today.    In Wyoming, and I think in many States, I am trying to solve a $15 problem with 10 bucks. And if at the end of the day under the MAP-21 construct--I think Ranking Member DeFazio mentioned that it is $10 billion before just the end of this year.    And so as we consider these emerging needs, the things that are very popular and the things that will reduce congestion in those areas where that is sorely needed, we also need to keep our eye on the ball, I believe, though, and that is that what are we going to do in the shorter term?    Because if we are not careful, we could end up dividing what already exists, and do not know how to fund tomorrow, too much. And in my State, one of the illustrations that we use with our legislators at the State level is--I think it has to be dumbed down so I can understand it. OK? But we use what we call the FRAM oil filter illustration: Pay me now or pay me later.    And if you spend a dollar today on the infrastructure, you will save 4 to 8 to 12 bucks later on. That is the problem that is really overpowering us right now, but in agreement with the fact that all of these other modes and possibilities need to be taken into consideration as time goes on.    Mr. Cox. Representative Davis, just quickly, I want to focus in on one comment that you made about the collateral benefits of transportation investment. AASHTO as an organization can furnish you with information. There has been a robust amount of discussion on that issue.    And I will tell you that at the same time, one of the things that we are conceding among my colleagues across the country is that the Department of Transportation needs to get better at showing what the economic benefit is that the need drives. In other words, not only do we need to get out from behind the eight ball, but what is the benefit in the long term? So I am in agreement with you, sir.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman and Representative Duncan, can we get back to you with information on that? We will answer that question, but I did not come prepared to answer that.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, Representative, yes. The simple answer is yes. AASHTO is looking at that. Let me just expand for one second here.    I would tell you that in Wyoming, and I think this is a microcosm of the discussions that are going on in other places--and I am talking about the highway system, nonurban, at this point. OK?    Mr. Cox. Robust discussion. The legislature there is talking about how does highway design and driver and cyclist behavior interact in terms of the fatality count. We quintupled this last year our average over the last 10 years in terms of cyclist deaths.    But when we analyze that--and by the way, those numbers are not nearly as big as that might sound, putting it that way--but when we analyzed it, what we found was behavior, driver behavior and cyclist behavior, was really 100 percent the issue, not the design of the pavement.    So there is a broader discussion that needs to be held. And as a career law enforcement officer before coming into my current position, that is one of the things that we have that ability to emphasize, that that is part of the discussion at the table as we analyze that.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, wow, a couple things. One thing is to keep in mind the big picture. The Federal program is designed to ensure that Federal funding goes to projects that are in the Federal interest. So if you keep that in mind kind of as the backdrop, it may inform the discussion as you go along.    The other point that I would make here is that with all of us conceding that the elephant in the room is the funding and what the mechanism is and what the size should be and all of that--I do not think there is a colleague of mine across the country who would not say quickly that they could put to use more Federal funding if it were available.    In a fiscally constrained environment, the biggest question is, are we going to be able to take care of the $10 billion between now and the end of the year? Are we going to get a multiyear bill at the current levels or plus inflation passed? Those are the big questions begging.    But I guess my caution would be here, and in somewhat agreement with my friend the mayor here, but at the same time throwing a caution here that unless the program is expanded significantly in terms of the funding, then any change in priority toward your district, toward the local cities and towns of Federal funding will take away from what is the national interest and the Federal interest in some cases, at least.    The other thing is--I sense that you wanted to ask another question, so I will just let you----    Mr. Cox. OK. Well, even Secretary Foxx, a man that I have tremendous respect for, mentioned in a meeting with us just several weeks ago here in DC that the advocacy that he is undertaking for more Federal funding for municipalities and for cities is predicated upon a growth of the overall program. In other words, hold harmless those programs that are resident today in the Highway Trust Fund. So that might be something, just as a baseline, to keep in mind.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, Representative Carson, all I can do is comment on Wyoming. And we will have to get back to you with a specific answer with regards to the bigger picture in AASHTO.    In Wyoming, we have a little bit of a hybrid program. But I would tell you that the percentages of DBE on contracts has exceeded the goals agreed upon between the State of Wyoming and Federal Highways every year since we arrived at this negotiated approach. And I can provide you details on that. But I do not know that that is representative of the whole. So we will get back to you with an answer.    Mr. Cox. Representative Carson, I feel a little bit inadequate for that question. One of my predecessors, Kirk Steudle, who is the director in Michigan, has immersed himself in this and could go on as long as you wanted to talk about it. But we will get back to you with an AASHTO answer on this.    The one thing that I have been impressed with, and which is emerging now, is in terms of the safety features on the newer cars. There is no question that they are increasing the safety margin even in Wyoming, which has not pioneered anything at this point in terms of connected vehicles or roadside appurtenances that would speak to the cars.    But I would tell you that in the West, at least one State--I think he would appreciate it if I did not name him right now--has a pilot project cooking for connected freight, a connected freight pilot project across their State in the near future.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, let me give you two angles on that. First, in the broad context, under the current funding levels--and I cannot speak for every State on the stateside--but under the current funding levels on the Federal side, there is plenty of capacity for most projects.    In terms of stewardship inside the State, and I will give you a Wyoming answer on that, our Transportation Commission has statutory authority to exercise discretion. And what that goes to, we have a contractor prequalification process that is rigorous, and contractors are not allowed to bid unless they meet requirements, and they are not allowed to continue to bid unless they perform on those contracts. Those are very important components within our State, and that has been a very successful program for us.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman and Representative Napolitano, AASHTO supports maintaining the federally funded State-administered nature of the program that served the Nation well for the past 100 years, and retaining that Federal/State relationship ensures that Federal funding goes to projects that are in the national interest. I am sorry, I am----    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman and Representative, I apologize for beginning to answer the wrong question here. Is your question with regard to a separate freight program or just addressing the impacts in those----    Mr. Cox. I believe there is probably an appropriate role for attempting to address the impact of freight on any portion of the system.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman and Representative Edwards, I appreciate the question. But I will tell you that as president of AASHTO, I represent 52 different sets of political realities. And so it would be very accurate to say that while we have put together a matrix of options to be considered, ones that not only would work today but may work in part tomorrow, we can illustrate for you that it will be most probably a mix of options that will fund the transportation system of tomorrow.    That said, I do not believe that any of my colleagues sitting here would say this is the way to do it. Now, what I said earlier I think maybe applies here. And the question is what mechanisms work right now? Obviously, the historical mechanism is one that has to be a centerpoint of that for the moment.    But what mechanisms will work in the future as they mature? And I will point out one that you have heard about, I am sure. The State of Oregon has developed a VMT model that is now being evaluated in Oregon and on a regional basis. Will it mature into the funding mechanisms tomorrow? I guess time will tell.    But it occurs to me that as time goes on, not to be too redundant here, but it will be a menu of options rather than just one. I do not think that what you are going to see is any resistance on the part of AASHTO in supporting what the Congress does in terms of funding a transportation bill. That is not really our focus. Our focus is, figure out how to fund it and get it done.    And I do not mean to be insensitive when I answer that question. Governor Freudenthal, when he first appointed me, gave me a marching order, and he said, John, we know you need money for highways. He said, I want you to go in and testify to the magnitude of the need, and you leave how that is paid for to the legislature.    Now, that was instate, in Wyoming. And at the risk of sounding flippant--I do not want to put in flippant terms at all--I recognize that there is a huge challenge before you all. We respect the hard work that you are going to have to do. There are a number of options, and we will be happy to provide you with what we have got.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, Representative Babin, Wyoming does not have that kind of transition in progress, nor have we contemplated one that would go from a State route, a lower designation route to an interstate. But I would tell you that there is a dramatic difference between what is allowed by the Federal Government on the interstate, the 80,000-pound max size and weight limitations, and what is allowed on the two-lane highways in Wyoming.    Perhaps more compelling is that--and I am kind of speaking from a western perspective here, but having been in meetings with Western States, we are all over the map. It is very difficult, without changing a highway designation like you are referring to in Texas----    Mr. Cox . There is dramatic differences as soon as you cross the border into the neighboring State in a number of instances. And so there is a move on to allow States flexibility to get together and develop a coalition and try to solve those problems regionally, rather than--rather than just having State-to-State standards. That said, AASHTO has not taken a position on size and weight, but I would tell you that that's a pretty much front-burner topic in many States.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry, could you repeat just the last part of your question?    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, Representative Babin, this response isn't direct to your question, but it does apply to it, and it's a little bit from the hip. But I would tell you that it seems to me that just simply allowing State flexibility in that specific matter, rather than grandfathering something, or grandfathering certain people, or a certain route, just allow State flexibility might be something to contemplate.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, I'm in agreement with what the mayor said.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, the one thing I would say here, is remember: $15 problem, 10 bucks to solve it. And so as we contemplate these further options, also remember that one size doesn't fit all as the mayor just--as the mayor just hinted at.    If the program doesn't grow measurably, it will detract from a situation that I think is nationwide, but let me just tell you what Wyoming is. Wyoming is $64.5 million a year from keeping our transportation system, that is under State jurisdiction--which includes mileage in towns--in its present condition. Sixty four and a half million dollars a year short of that.    And I believe that that's a situation that--that is nationwide in their numbers.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, I'm going to need to get back to you with information on that. I'm not prepared to answer that today, I'm sorry.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, if your question--Representative Webster, if your question is across State lines involving more than one State, I would have to get back to you with information on that. I can't answer that question, but I will be happy to get back to you.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, I'm no kind of expert on union, because Wyoming's a decidedly nonunion State, so my experience doesn't stretch over that at all.    Mr. Cox. We would be happy to get back to you on that.    Mr. Cox. Within a week.    Mr. Cox. Sure.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, it's in our interests to get back to you immediately with information----    Mr. Cox. And we'll get back to you on both of those within a week, sir.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, I'm not an engineer, but from an engineering perspective, the computation of the impact on pavement life by weight is by per axle. And so there is an argument to be made, but I can't tell you--I'm not going to take one position over the other.    From our perspective, in the West, and I think across the rest of the States as well, the deterioration in the pavement based on weight--axle weight is one consideration; safety is another consideration. So in the whole--in the broader discussion of increasing size and weight and length, that has to be taken under----    Mr. Cox. Same answer.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, let me just give you a comment, kind of in the highway context. You made the concession that the use--and I'm going to talk specifically about vulnerable users on the highway systems. Specifically bicyclists; that's something that I do. I understand it.    Also, I'm around the planning process, and around the highway building process. There's no question that the use is up, even in a rural setting like where I live. And so even if there were no requirements to take that into account in our planning process, we would anyway, because it's a reality that we have to deal with there.    I believe that there is--that that is something that--that would be universal among the States, and I think that--that when--I don't know how to answer your question about how to pay for something that--that isn't directly underwritten by the--by the user fee under today's construct, but I would tell you that it's something that we have to pay attention to.    I also believe, that--because this is the world we live in, in--in Wyoming, is that some of those accommodations can be readily made with safety measures on the existing roadway, and when you improve and add enough to not greatly spread the cost, but accommodate both types of user.