    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you, Madam Chair, and I want to thank the panel for joining us here today. This question is for Mr. Weill. I am looking at March 2015 data for Cal-Fresh recipients in my county of San Bernardino in California. In the first quarter there were 397,000 people in my county on Cal-Fresh living in 177,000 households. My question is, how would an evidence-based solution assure me that these folks, whether they are children, elderly, or disabled, would benefit from evidence-based solutions to SNAP alone? And I want to be sure that the people in my community are receiving the assistance that they need to avoid food insecurity.    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you, I appreciate it, sir. Mr. Baron, earlier you cited Riverside County as an example of an evidence-based solution from something that you mentioned, from studies in the 1990s, and I am not sure if it is the best example. The study cited participation rates of 57 and 60 percent, respectively, for education and training, but parents are only a small part of the equation, as the panelists have mentioned, and Mr. McGovern mentioned. What about kids that received benefits, seniors, veterans under care, people with disabilities, and those living with individuals with disabilities? I just question the actual number of people who benefited.    And I would also say, just for context, that region, which is just a few miles away from my district, had an unemployment rate of near 15 percent a few years ago. So I would question the long-term benefits of the reforms and the programs that you cite.    Mr. Aguilar. I appreciate it. Mr. Everett, your colleague, Mr. Kunz, testified before our Subcommittee in April, and he mentioned some of the great things that you guys are doing to increase SNAP participation. Do you rely on volunteers for all of your outreach, or do you work with the State of Texas to get some SNAP outreach funding for materials?    Mr. Aguilar. Do each of those regional offices have full time----    Mr. Aguilar. Within your--okay, I am sorry. I am out of time. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.    The Chairwoman. Thank you. The chair recognizes Congressman Davis, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you, Madam Chair and Ranking Member McGovern.    Dr. Ochoa, I appreciate your statement where you referenced the fact that children who are living hungry may not experience those signs of food insecurity in the home. Children with asthma and allergies may demonstrate health-related issues and may not show signs of food insecurity. The screening process that you created to find children who are at risk of food insecurity is a great tool, and I wanted to know if you could expand on that for us, and do you believe that this is a model that can be used in other states, either on demonstration basis, or through your association? Can you walk us through a little bit of that piece?    Mr. Aguilar. And oftentimes the individuals that are coming to you, they are going to have siblings who are going through similar issues. Ms. Riley talked about her family and her experiences. So if you could identify one child and screen them and offer this type of service and awareness, you could be helping multiple members of the family at the same time.    Can you talk about other examples? You mentioned Oregon. How difficult would it be to take it to scale? Is the use through Medicaid a best practice, is it the best way to go about it, or what are other ways that we can look at it?    Mr. Aguilar. Dr. Ochoa, what is the reaction of individuals and families after you bring information to their attention about SNAP resources?    Mr. Aguilar. And if you are raising awareness through these programs, you are offering them much more than something short-term, you are offering them a path forward as a family.    Thank you so much. I will yield back.    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you both for being here as well. A couple of my colleagues have picked up on the nine visits that you made, and I wanted to talk a little bit about the--the number was 80 experts as well. So what process did you use to reach out to pick experts at these site visits to listen to? Was it coordination with the states and coordination with other groups? How did that process come about?    Mr. Aguilar. Sure.    Mr. Aguilar. Was that the----    Dr. Chilton.--in El Paso.    Mr. Aguilar. That was the only venue where----    Mr. Aguilar. Okay. The public comment is admirable, I appreciate that. I viewed this as kind of three buckets, so, one, how did you pick the cities and the sites, how did you pick the experts, and then public comment would be another. So I kind of read it in that perspective.    I know this is a bipartisan Commission, Dr. Chilton, and I appreciate that the Commission acknowledges that historical racism and continued racial discrimination play a role in food inequities and hunger. At the rate at which SNAP supports minority families, do you believe it can help close the gap between minorities and white communities? If not, what recommendations do you suggest to close these racial inequities?    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you so much. Mr. Doar, you mentioned the summer feeding program. In response to a question just a little bit ago, you talked about something that you learned within the summer feeding program that includes what I interpreted was kind of education and recreation, a more kind of inclusive view of summer feeding programs. Could we see recommendations that include that within the report?    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Yoho, 5 minutes.