    Mr. Willis. Certainly. I appreciate the question, Mr. Chairman. The farm bill provided a significant amount of new options for farmers in the crop insurance title, new programs, and overwhelmingly, farmers have reacted positively to those. The section you are talking about, separation of enterprise unit by practice, we have not issued a final rule yet. We issued the interim rule a little over a year ago.    Where we struggle with that is we don't see where the authority is to provide anything more than the separation of coverage by irrigated or non-irrigated, and we have looked at the report language as well.    So I guess the short way of saying it is we struggle to see where the authority comes from to go beyond where we are right now. Having said that, the final rule has not been issued yet either.    The Chairman. Well, thanks, Brandon. I hoped we would be able to continue discussions because we have a little different interpretation of that as well.    Ms. Taylor, you mention the current negotiations going on with T-TIP and TPP. We are also a little concerned with the Nairobi Round of Doha as an example where we think agriculture is a big piece of that, and from Randy and my perspective, the cotton guys have given at the office, so to speak, when you look at what happens to them, in particular with the 2014 Farm Bill. You mention STAX and others.    Can you talk to us a little bit about what you think the instructions will be from y'alls perspective to the trade negotiators with respect to the Nairobi talks?    Mr. Willis. The crop insurance program that producers deal with every day is not impacted by sequestration. Other minor programs would be, but what producers are used to as far as crop insurance would not be.    Mr. Willis. I would like to also express my appreciation to the cotton producers. Throughout this farm bill, we have had significant amount of conversations with these groups simply because the changes in the farm bill were pretty dramatic. There was a lot of changes that we needed to have. Some of these programs, area-wide programs are new, new to producers and sometimes new to the Risk Management Agency. So throughout it we talked to them and tried to take their input and take it to heart.    There have been a few other issues. We have been talking about them lately, and I would anticipate very soon we will have any decisions made for the next year. Some of the requests they had were very reasonable, and we are trying to work with them to make that happen.    The reality is, we want the safety net to work for the producer that it is intended to work for, and if they have reasonable ideas, we are willing to take them under consideration. That is one reason that we implemented many of our programs in the farm bill using kind of a pilot authority. That gives us the ability, if something doesn't work out perfect the first time, to make a few changes so that the next year it works better for the producers.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you for that. You said soon. Is that 30 days? Sixty days?    Mr. Willis. I don't know exactly which changes you are referencing, but I know we have had conversations on allowing them to purchase STAX on certain practices and a lower percent on other practices. That issue there, in fact, we have already resolved it, and they are pleased with the result. Without knowing exactly any other issues, I don't know the timing, but we would know very soon.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. I have about 30 seconds left, so we will get you the list.    Mr. Willis. Okay.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. And I certainly appreciate you working hand in hand with the industry.    Mr. Chairman, I will yield the remaining 29 seconds.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields.    And the chair will take full notice of the time yielded back.    Ms. Plaskett, 5 minutes.    Mr. Willis. One of the new products that we are very proud of and we think has opportunities for helping everybody all across the United States and everywhere, because of its flexibility, is the Whole Farm Protection Program. The Whole Farm Protection Program is something that in many areas where you might not have a large agriculture presence, you don't have what we need to set a rate. Well, what the whole farm does, it allows the farmer to insure everything on their farm, their whole farm. It looks at their revenue. I think that would be a program where I would love to sit down and talk to you and see what options we have to put it out there in the Virgin Island because that could probably be the most flexible safety net for those producers.    Mr. Willis. There are quite a few things going on right now, and many of them started immediately after passage. As soon as the farm bill was passed, we started working with our partners, the crop insurance companies. We held trainings. As different parts of the farm bill were available, they worked with crop insurance agents, we talked to producers, we educated producers. We also dedicated some funds through the Risk Management Education Program. We put a priority there to educate on new farm bill programs.    The Risk Management Agency also partnered with Val's agency, the Farm Service Agency. They held hundreds of sessions all around the United States to educate on farm bill programs, and because of the close ties between title I and crop insurance, we attended many of those with them.    We also partner with some of the private developers of products, such as peanut revenue and such as margin, to help train them as well. So it is quite a few partnerships, and we have also used technology. We actually have an app out and a little calculator on our website that helps producers go in when they have some time and identify how the programs work for them and determine what the safety net is and what they want to take advantage of.    Mr. Willis. It is easier to summarize. Once we make all our announcements for next year, 97.5 percent of acres within the crop insurance program will have an SCO policy available for them. The vast majority of crops that have enough data to run an area program will have SCO. The same also goes along with APH exclusion as well.    I can certainly get you the list of crops, but it is a very long list. We have a few more announcements to make as far for next year, but we are very pleased. And I want to recognize my staff. They have done a tremendous amount of work making sure SCO is available for as much as we can.    Mr. Willis. Yes, sir. I apologize the order that the three changes that you mentioned, I do recognize, I believe, the first and the third we intend to do. I don't know if they have been announced. I know we have had discussions on them. I apologize, the middle one, I have to get back to you on as far as the timing of the STAX payments. I don't know if there was a lot of flexibility there in making those earlier. Certainly we have every desire to make them as quickly as possible, but I simply don't know the answer, if that was possible.    But my understanding is that on the first and the third issue, we are moving in those directions. We believe those are reasonable ways to make STAX work better    Mr. Willis. I think the best thing for me to do on that question, sir, is to get back to you in writing on that.    Mr. Willis. I will start out and if Administrator Dolcini wants to add anything because the two agencies are working together. It was our report that you were referencing as far as substantially complete. This past summer we did do a pilot. That was only a part of what we were doing with ACRSI.    ACRSI obviously is the process of integrating what the two agencies do as far as sharing data between the two agencies. In large part it is trying to make lives for farmers easier so that they don't have to report the same data two times or more.    The first major step was the pilot last summer. We are moving forward with a significantly expanded pilot this fall, and it will continue further next spring. The amount of progress we have been making is continually increasing at a much more rapid pace, so producers this fall will see a lot of improvements even over the summer. And next summer they will continue to see more.    Mr. Scuse, Under Secretary Scuse, this is kind of in a way something that he talks about a lot because he is a farmer in Delaware, and he got tired of having to do the same report, one to his crop insurance agent and then to the Farm Service Agency. And I can tell you almost every day that I talk to him he asks how ACRSI is going. He is very intent upon seeing the success Congress envisioned when you put that language within the farm bill.    Mr. Willis. Yes. The study you are referencing should be available later this fall.    Mr. Willis. Later this fall.    Mr. Willis. Probably around then, yes, sir.    Mr. Willis. We did. We contracted for that study, yes.    Mr. Willis. I don't believe that I have had any conversations. I don't know if others have. There is also, in addition to the catastrophic study, there is a business interruption study that is also underway. We expect that early next year.    Mr. Willis. My understanding is yes. The two studies are different. The catastrophic will be available fall. The business interruption will be next spring, and it covers the issues such as what you referenced.    Mr. Willis. Yes, sir.    Mr. Willis. I believe a private contractor. There were numerous different studies requested, often looking at the feasibility of crop insurance on a sector of agriculture that previously hadn't had crop insurance coverage.    Oftentimes to expedite implementation of the farm bill, we would offer these out as contracts to individuals who were experts in crop insurance, and they oftentimes write those. That allows us to focus a lot of our attention on implementation of the provisions that directly impact the farmers and not take resources away from that.    Mr. Willis. I would welcome that opportunity.