    Mr. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, thank you for your kindness and that of the Ranking Member, first of all, for this very important hearing, and my dear colleague, Mr. Clawson, for yielding not his time, but his place in order, to allow me just a moment.    I have a meeting with the Secretary--and it is starting as we speak--on some matters. But this committee I have always said has been the front-line committee.    Mr. Langevin is correct that we have been talking about the issues of cybersecurity and protecting data and documents for a very long time. You know, I know there is a myriad of issues that we are discussing, but it disturbs me that, in fact--and we heard this generally--OPM used old software that could not be encrypted. We face this enormous debacle that has many fingerprints. We know that there are many elements to it.    I know that I served as the Chairwoman of the Transportation Security and Infrastructure Protection Committee before the Cybersecurity Committee was created, and we talked about the percentage of infrastructure in the cyber world in the private sector--85 percent--and that we had a small percentage thereof.    So I guess for the record I want to express the recognition of our public servants who work very hard, but my absolute consternation and frustration that we are where we are today, task forces that are being discerned and established not necessarily under this administration.    Because, if it was 2015 under another administration--unfortunately, hard heads made a very difficult spot to sit down on. I am baffled why the Government finds itself in this place.    My colleague indicated resources, that that was one of the issues, but focusing one's mind--we talked about getting the brightest and the best to be able to address this question. We predicted it was coming. Not that we were geniuses, but the writing was on the wall. Everyone was turning to technology. Everyone was using technology.    I am enormously saddened for the millions of Federal workers in this recent incident that are now subjected to personal violations. But from the White House to the vast array of Federal departments, agencies, we are not the standard-bearer for the tightest cybersecurity that we can have, having at hand, I think, a bipartisan commitment that this is a serious issue. Many legislative initiatives have been introduced.    So let me just ask. I indicated to Mr. Clawson I would not be long. I have a number of questions. My staff, Mr. Chairman, is going to frame them in a letter.    Let me indicate that some very thoughtful questions have been put forward, but I do want to heighten this level of frustration. I could listen to the Government Accountability, but let me just ask the two witnesses, being mindful of the time.    You have heard my level of frustration. We are here today. Will we be here next week? Will we be here next month? Will we be here next year? This hacking, breaching, is not going to stop.    So I just want to ask this question: Why is the Government at this place at this time? Why are we here?    Mr. Jackson Lee. I am not going to cut you off. You gave me a powerful answer. As I said, I am going to follow up with questions coming to you because I want to get to Mr. Wilshusen for that very same question.    So is the answer now ``stop, move out all your software, and begin again''? Yes or no.    Mr. Jackson Lee. All right. I wanted to hear that.    So it is piecemeal.    Mr. Jackson Lee. Which we have had some problems with doing that. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Jackson Lee. Mr. Wilshusen, why are we here where we are today?    Mr. Jackson Lee. Sorry. Mr. Wilshusen was over here, and you are over here. Sorry.    Mr. Jackson Lee. Well, the first thing is to know that we need to manage the risks in the Federal Government, even though you have the larger--I think you are in the private sector--the larger component.    You are in Homeland Security, but you do realize the private sector has the largest amount. So we need to manage it. That is what you are suggesting that we need to do.    We need to engage with the private sector, and we need to confront the horror that it is and be diligent constantly on our managing, on trying to get our hands around the issue.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I am going to yield back. Forgive me for putting Government people in private hats. But I know that they have probably weaved in and out of the private sector at some point.    But I see that this is going to be a looming issue, and I think this committee is right and the full committee is right for us to be enormously penetrating on solutions of getting the Government where it needs to be and getting the private sector in its cooperative mode to help the Nation be where it needs to be on this issue of cybersecurity.    With that, Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Mr. Clawson, thank you.    I yield back.