    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to our Chief and our Capitol Police. You make us feel safe, not just here in D.C. and our staff and our families, but also at home, being very responsive to possible security situations. I am glad to have you on our side.    In 2014, I believe you all upgraded to a new interoperable radio system after years of delay. Do you care to tell us, is it working?    Mr. Palazzo. Well, Mr. Chairman, I do have some questions, so if we ever do a more secretive--probably more about the operations and the things that we don't see on a daily basis that they are probably doing to keep us safe.    Mr. Palazzo. I don't think this will be the setting.    Mr. Palazzo. I have already asked my question.    Mr. Palazzo. And he answered, so thank you.    Mr. Palazzo. Are we sticking to the 5-minute rule?    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yes, I will keep it short.    Thank you, Mr. Irving, for what you do to keep us safe here. And I think anybody in certain positions, we have to take actions to make sure that they are protected and taken care of.    I appreciate everybody's service. It is sometimes not a thankful job, but we thank you.    I would like to lend some of my remarks to my colleagues and the ranking member. I think I was hearing it right, you know, some of the cuts that we made to our representational accounts have been ridiculous. Over a 3-year period, 20 percent in cuts.    We are all elected to come up here by our constituents and do a job. There are several components of our job. One is legislatively. But you can be here 20 years and never pass a bill. But back home, we have casework, we have interactions where constituents come to us. And when they come to their Member of Congress, they are desperate, right? They don't come to us first. They usually come to us last. They exhaust whatever approach they have with whatever Federal agency.    In my district, we have the Veterans Administration, we are heavily military-oriented. So we do a lot of VA work--a lot of VA work--and I want to have talented staff that is not afraid to work hard and make sure our constituents are taken care of.    So I just think any restoration to our MRA that we can make it is good business, because we want to keep talented people around so we can take care of our customers, which are our constituents. Twenty percent cuts, I mean, I won't beat it to death--I might--but it worked so well for us the first year we came back and cut the other wrist. It just makes no sense.    But we have to lead by example, and I think we have done that by freezing our salary increase for, what, 5, 6 consecutive years.    Mr. Palazzo. It shows that wage increases, we have seen that flat in the real world, and we should only be held subject to that, unless of course we are performing. But our performance hasn't been quite that stellar.    But getting back, can we talk cybersecurity? Mr. Plaster, I think that would be you. From time to time we get pop-ups warning us about scamming and phishing. And some staff takes that as, you know, it is like they lock up for a minute because they are maybe doing some research and they go to a site that they shouldn't, and they have to do, I guess, control-alt-delete and start over.    I am OK with that. I think we need to have strong IT protections in place because cybersecurity is real. There are bad actors out there that want to know what we are doing, whether we are talking about maybe Armed Services or Homeland Security issues, they want access to our servers and our communications. We are not always--we think we are safe and secure in our office and we can type and say or do anything that we want. Might not always be the case.    Can you tell me what we are doing to try to get into the 21st century and not lag behind the people that are out there trying to steal our secrets, steal our information?    Mr. Palazzo. And are we investing enough? Because I think it is extremely important. But there is a perfect world and there is a realistic world, and try to get somewhere in-between.    Mr. Palazzo. Do you believe that we are giving you the resources to make sure we are safe? And again, I think we have talked about this is a must-have versus if-we-could-afford-it-have. Are we doing that?    Because cyber warriors or people involved in the IT, it is such a huge demand. Are we paying them to keep them in or do you see a turnover? Because if you hire good staff, you train them up, and they become very proficient with the system, you don't want to lose them to a private contractor or public company, because they are having their own issues and threats to deal with, like our military and homeland security.    Because something as simple as your itinerary, we could very easily become a soft target if someone wants to do something with your calendar. Of course, I am not near as important as many of the other Members or people in leadership, but travel in the district or going on a codel, that information in the wrong hands could be dangerous.    Mr. Palazzo. Might not be the most efficient.    Mr. Palazzo. I can't afford anymore.    Mr. Palazzo. Was Mr. Farr trying to make a point to let our staff carry weapons? I think it is only fair, if Members are carrying weapons and if you go through enhanced security, maybe we should let our staff carry as well?    Mr. Palazzo. I apologize. Like my wife says, I only hear what I want to hear. I am just exercising my second amendment.    Mr. Palazzo. To kind of follow up on the chairman's question, I know we budgeted $5.5 million and we got 200,000 books--I think that was part of that fiscal year 2015 budget--and a million manuscripts, and then the same amount of money for fiscal year 2016. Have we done the same amount of books? Can you give me a number? Are we projected to do again another 200,000?    Mr. Palazzo. And so it leads me to ask, there seems to be a slight uptick in fiscal year 2017 of 121,000. Is that because you are going to do more books, or is that covering something different? Or do you expect more books because it is a budget request increase.    Mr. Palazzo. And I could have done some more digging of my own, but the $5.5 million, is that personnel? Is it process? Is it materials? Chemicals?    Mr. Palazzo. Is this off-site?    Mr. Palazzo. Is there a way a Member can walk over to the Library and get you all to show us how you actually----    Mr. Palazzo. All right. That was my primary question. Thank you.