    Mr. Grayson. Sorry, would the Committee Chair like to precede me? Would the Committee Chair like to precede me?    Mr. Grayson. Thank you, Chairman Weber. Thank you, Chairman Smith, for holding this hearing, and thank you to the witnesses for providing your testimony today.    The Basic Energy Sciences program in the Department of Energy's Office of Science supports fundamental research in materials science, physics, chemistry, and engineering with an emphasis on energy applications. BES is the largest program in the Office of Science, and it's home to several state-of-the-art facilities that provide world-class capabilities to the scientific community. BES is home to five of the world's Advanced Light Sources, to unique neutron scattering facilities, and five nanoscale research centers.    All these BES facilities are considered user facilities meaning that they provide broad access not only to scientific government inquiry but also to university researchers and private industry. That being said, please do not try neutron scattering at home.    Each year, over 14,000 scientists use these facilities, and the demand for access to facilities can exceed the time available. In many cases, the high demand for these facilities requires weightless and extensive efforts to fit as many interested users into the schedule as possible.    The vast array of research and diverse collection of scientists that take advantage of these facilities make them fertile ground for scientific collaboration and also innovation cutting across scientific specialties. The knowledge gained through research supported by BES underpins the applied energy research supported by other DOE programs and by the private sector. Innovation and materials science, chemical analysis, geological imagery, and electrochemistry can have far-reaching impacts on renewable energy, energy efficiency, battery storage, and nuclear power to name just a few subjects.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses as to how they put benefited from federal support that we provided to build these user facilities, as well as other resources provided by BES. I'd particularly like to welcome Dr. Hallinan from Florida A&M and Florida State University's College of Engineering to today's hearing. His research has the potential to achieve considerable gains in battery storage, which would help the renewable energy sector play an even larger role in our economy in the coming years.    Solving renewable energy's day-versus-night challenge could allow for a faster transition to a low-carbon energy future for the United States and the world. Also, it would be good if you can make the sun shine at night, but that's probably outside the scope of your research.    Dr. Hallinan, as we will hear, has relied upon the Advanced Light Source and the Advanced Photon Source facilities to advance his work by testing new solid polymers that can be used as battery electrolytes. His work is an excellent example of what we can accomplish if we fund the vital research and facilities of the Office of Science amply.    Last week, the Basic Energy Science Advisory Committee released a new report on the prioritization of upgrades to the major BES facilities. One of the witnesses here today may have been directly involved in developing this report. I hope we can consider revisiting this topic in the near future with a closer look at the facility upgrades that are currently under consideration. These proposed upgrades represent major government investments and thus major opportunities. Prioritizing and funding the research that's being highlighted today should certainly be a bipartisan issue and one in which we should make considerable progress on by working together.    With that, I yield the balance of my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you. Dr. Daniel Hallinan is unaccountably only Assistant Professor--I don't get that at all; you should be a full professor--in the College of Engineering at Florida A&M and Florida State University. As an independent investigator, he researches the use of solid polymers as electrolyte membranes in batteries, which have the potential to offer a safer, longer-lasting battery.    During his career, he has utilized both the Advanced Photon Source at Argonne National Lab and the Advanced Light Source at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab. His current research allows him to visit the Advanced Photon Source with his students regularly to explore the fundamental makeup of the materials that they're testing and from time to time actually insert the students into the photon source and light them up. No, no, that's not what he does. Never mind that.    Dr. Hallinan has degrees in chemical engineering and philosophy from Lafayette College and a Ph.D. in chemical engineering from Drexel University. His passion for science and innovative research has certainly been an inspiration to his students, and his work is a perfect example of our conversation today about supporting basic energy sciences and why it is so important. Thank you for testifying.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you. Dr. Lewis, I want to ask you some questions about something that sort of sounds like an oxymoron, which is artificial biological photosynthesis. I realize that your own specialty is physical analogs to photosynthesis, but it sounds like you're knowledgeable about biological alternatives as well. So I have a few questions for you.    Biology is the most fruitful means of producing ends, concrete results that we know of. We can do far more with biology--or biology does far more for itself than we see through physical processes or chemical processes. The fact that I'm looking at you right now is an example of that. Biology created the eye and the brain. That process is what comes through the eye, both remarkable accomplishments that we have no physical or chemical analog for.    So given that fact, is it reasonable to be hopeful that we can come up with artificial photosynthesis based upon biology itself?    Mr. Grayson. All right. So one possibility is what you refer to as un-bottlenecking. What are some of the possible approaches there? Are you referring to genetic engineering? Are you referring to some kind of forced evolution? What are people actually doing on this?    Mr. Grayson. Right.    Mr. Grayson. Well, that's an interesting question itself. Do you have any information about, let's say, Exxon doing research like this? Are there private enterprise efforts that are being conducted along these lines, or is it being left to the government to try to develop this?    Mr. Grayson. Well, given the upside here, the fact that you're basically talking about being able to create an artificial fuel, transportation fuel, artificial oil, maybe artificial natural gas, and that has an enormous effect on the economy. That's roughly ten percent of the entire world economy right now. Given the upside here, why do you think that there isn't more effort in the private sector to accomplish this?    Mr. Grayson. So in the short time that we have left, can you tell us specific examples of artificial biological photosynthesis that are being conducted right now or at least efforts that are being made in that direction?    Mr. Grayson. Last question, is there any experiment so far to date regarding artificial biological photosynthesis that has actually resulted in the recovery of a fuel that had more energy content than what you put into it, what we call in the--in an analog of fusion we'd call that ignition.    Mr. Grayson. So is there something like that that exists already for artificial biological photosynthesis?    Mr. Grayson. All right. Thank you very much. I yield.    Mr. Grayson. Thanks. A few questions for Dr. Broholm regarding superconductivity. Doctor, join me in our time machine. We're jumping back to 1986 and the discovery of the possibility that you could have much higher temperature superconductivity that anybody had ever realized before. People thought that anything above 30 K, 30 kelvin was impossible, and now suddenly 70, 80, 90 is possible. And nobody knows exactly how high you can go, maybe as far as even room temperature. Nobody knew 30 years ago. Well, here we are 30 years later and we still don't know. What should we have done 30 years ago to try to pin down the possibilities and get that science done?    Mr. Grayson. So what should we do right now to bring the future forward and make that scientific discovery happen sooner?    Mr. Grayson. Thanks. I yield back.