    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. Thank you very much.    General, I notice--welcome. Important I share the Chairman's and other people's admiration and gratitude to you----    Hon. Bolden. Thank you.    Mr. Rohrabacher. --for the service you've been to our country both as a Marine and both in your current position. I notice you're wearing a green tie.    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Does that mean you're Irish?    Hon. Bolden. I am Irish through my daughter Kelly, who was born today. So----    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. Kelly----    Hon. Bolden. --she is Kelly O'Bolden, born on St. Patrick's Day.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Now, let's see, there's Kelly and there's--and then we have Scott Kelly.    Hon. Bolden. Scott Kelly, yes.    Mr. Rohrabacher. So maybe you could answer me. The question is I understand that the Mars rover has picked up these pictures that have been identified as various elements of a former civilization, and I do understand that they have found an ancient bottle of Guinness on Mars, is that correct?    Hon. Bolden. I will go back and check that.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right.    Hon. Bolden. I'll take that for the record.    Mr. Rohrabacher. And could it be that leprechauns were ancient aliens, space aliens?    Hon. Bolden. I will take that for the record also, sir.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. Let me know about the line of questioning that we just had, and that is the projects that you outlined and our friends on the other side of the aisle are pushing for NASA to be involved in. We have no question about whether there is value to these Earth-related projects. The question is only whether they should be part of the NASA budget, and that's our main area of debate here.    And certainly if--now, I won't put you on the spot, but the fact is if we weren't doing some of the Earth science things and NASA's budget could stay the same. If we took those items and put them into NOAA and other places that they belong or the USGS, for example, you know, then I would take it that you would not be as adamantly insisting how important they are, but maybe somebody else could be paying for it.    Hon. Bolden. I would still insist that they're critically important. Some of you may remember that in 2014 the President's budget request proposed that funding for sustained land imaging, the Landsat program, come from the Department of Interior, from USGS's budget----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Hon. Bolden. --and the Congress rejected that----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well----    Hon. Bolden. --and put the funds back in NASA----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Hon. Bolden. --simply because they felt that we were the appropriate organization to have it.    The other agencies of the government, we provide the design, the build, the production and checkout for all the imaging satellites, almost all that are----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yes.    Hon. Bolden. --in the civil sector. The other agencies don't have that capability, and so it's a partnership, and it's worked for 43 years now in the case of Landsat. And, you know, NOAA today has an effective orbiting weather satellite----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Hon. Bolden. --when they're a little bit better off than folk on----    Mr. Rohrabacher. I do understand NOAA aren't you compensated from the NOAA budget for what you're doing with NOAA there, as compared to the Geological Survey?    Hon. Bolden. We are indeed.    Mr. Rohrabacher. So I would imagine that if we could actually fund these other--the Earth sciences and not take it out of your budget, that it would be something that would be positive, but I won't put you on the spot on that.    The--let's note that another thing that's saving us money, however, is the commercial crew. And I want to thank all of my colleagues and thank you for the leadership that you've shown in trying to show this cost-saving methodology of bringing the private sector in when we can and then letting NASA focus on those things that the private sector can't do.    And I know that Virgin Galactic right now is deeply involved in developing suborbital space transportation, which is terrific. I would hope that we could also, for example, have a commercial approach perhaps to lunar missions. And I know that NASA is not focused on lunar missions right now, but perhaps the private sector could be involved with lunar missions, and we could have some kind of involvement there or coordination but let the private sector pick up some of the cost of going back to the moon if we can do that.    Hon. Bolden. Mr. Rohrabacher, you're absolutely right, and I would say, you know, NASA is on a Journey to Mars. Our destination for the nation--this is what we recommended and what--I have to compliment--Chairman Smith isn't here right now. I complimented Mr. Perlmutter. They wrote an absolutely incredible op-ed or an article on, you know, the fact that we are the greatest nation in the world. We need to be going to Mars.    But everyone should understand--and I think we're mischaracterized when they said we're ignoring the moon. We're going to spend ten years, a decade of the '20s, in cislunar space. And we call it the proving ground. And that is a period of time when, if everything works the way we hope, commercial entities, entrepreneurial entities, maybe even some of our international partners will ask us to assist them in preparing things like landers that may put humans back on the surface of the moon on the way to Mars. But----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well----    Hon. Bolden. --this nation has to focus on the big thing, which is Mars.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Why----    Hon. Bolden. If we don't, then nobody goes there.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, General, I think it's possible to focus on the very next step in the stairway rather than----    Hon. Bolden. And that's the ten years in the proving ground.    Mr. Rohrabacher. --rather than focusing on----    Hon. Bolden. That is the next step.    Mr. Rohrabacher. --the--where you're going at the end of the stairwell.    One last note very quickly because my time is up, and that is I hope that--one of the things we really need is to make sure our country and the world is prepared for a possible collision with some space rock that could kill millions of people.    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I applaud you, I want to work with you on making sure that NASA is playing its role in this global defense against an asteroid or----    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rohrabacher. --a meteor. So thank you very much.    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir. Thank you.