    Mr. Clawson. So you all had the good luck or bad luck of coming when it turns out to be a fly-out day, weather day, votes at the last second. I mean, you know, you had everything going against you. I wouldn't take personal offense to a bunch of folks not being here because it is an unusual day up here.    So I think I have a grasp on what we're trying to do and why we're trying to do it. But when I put myself, if I were a participating company, with so many different stakeholders, particularly if it was a multi-national, I don't know how you get this to work.    It feels like the right thing that the anti-trust blocks could get thrown out of the way by the Government. Liability insurance feels like a good start, too. But there still feels to be a lot of other obstacles that, if I were running my company, would give me lots of pause here.    There's a long list. Right? I mean, first of all, if I was and have operated in foreign countries and their governments wanted to do this to me, I know I'd just say no.    So the foreign stakeholders, including security holders, I think also makes this a lot more complicated, particularly in former Soviet Bloc countries, by the way, where they don't like Government involved in their IT systems. So the multi-national nature of stakeholders is the first thing that comes to mind.    The second thing that comes to mind is who's not going to participate. If you don't get a big block of people in my industry participating, I am not sure I'd want to.    The third thing I'd say is, ``Isn't this going to slow me down?'' More important, the very tool that you seem to be putting in place here might help the bad guys. Because if the Government does get in the middle almost at any level, it slows down, I think what the point is, disseminating data to the people that understand the malware as quickly as possible. So I could keep going on and on here.    So I kind of feel like I like the idea. The devil's in the details. If I were a business, you'd have to--you know, if I were running a business again, you'd have to lay out pretty clearly how we would get over some of these obstacles and me still keep my fiduciary responsibility to shareholders and the other stakeholders in the company.    When I hear that not everybody wants to participate, I say to myself, ``Hmm. I can kind of understand that.'' Now, that's from a non-IT guy, by the way. So you all know more about these things than I do.    So take up where I've left off here. Am I on shaky ground in terms of these kind of concerns or am I hitting on something that you all have already anticipated and addressed prior to this in your own studies and activities?    Mr. Clawson. Can I interrupt just for a second?    Mr. Clawson. Business-to-business I understand because, if the attack hits here, let's get at the information to--by the way, even my competitors. Right?--and so that they can be inoculated.    Mr. Clawson. Why Government?    Mr. Clawson. Anybody else?    Mr. Clawson. Am I right to say that the further down you push the actual activity, meaning Government becomes an abler, facilitator, as opposed to active participant, there's an inverse relationship so you'll get more--if less Government's involved on a direct basis, more companies will voluntarily sign up.    Am I right or wrong about that? You see, I know what I would feel. I know what I would think.    Mr. Clawson. It feels like it will be quicker without the Government being a direct participant, and it feels like it will be, you know, less risky in a lot of ways if I am doing this peer-to-peer with protection of the Government as opposed to the Government being the clearinghouse and interpreter of the data.    Mr. Clawson. That's easy. Right? I mean, we all agree on that. I mean----    Mr. Clawson. Right. Right. I mean, look, if I wanted to get a good laugh out of my employees, two lines I could say: ``We're from corporate and we're here to help''--that always got a chuckle--or ``We're from the Government and we're here to help.''    You know, employee stakeholders have had long-time experience of hearing people say that and then it goes wrong on them. You know, that's the--for this to work, whether you're the Chamber or whoever we are, we would have to be able to convince the companies and, more importantly, the folks that are running the IT systems and the ERPs that both corporate and, you know, in this case, the Government, is really not going to slow them down.    I think clearing out the underbrush, as you say--I mean, that's a no-brainer. Right? I mean, take away the anti-trust and take away the liability and we're much more likely to share.    But then, after that, after many years in the private sector, this story gets more murky to me as, you know, good intentions where things could easily go wrong or not get enough companies to participate to make a difference.    I'm glad that the financial sector is in that position, but having been involved in other sectors, I am really pretty sure that they're not nearly as organized and that their industries, by the way, are not nearly as consolidated.    So, you know, in the financial--we still have got a lot of community banks left, but it's a much more consolidated environment than it is in a lot of other industries. Those unconsolidated environments are a different animal. I don't know if that's even a word or not. But that's a different animal than what you're talking about.    I don't want to take all the time here. But give me a reaction on whether I'm all wet here.    Mr. Clawson. Who identified the malware?    Mr. Clawson. Or an outside contractor to----    Mr. Clawson. Looking for patterns.    Mr. Clawson. Dr. Libicki.    Mr. Clawson. Anything to add?    Mr. Clawson. That's a good point.    Mr. Clawson. That's a good point.    Mr. Clawson. Boy, that's a tough balance. I mean, I thought about this all day. We talked about it with our team. With small businesses that don't have a lot of dedicated resources and often outsource anything of any complexity with regards to--I mean, they even outsource their own ERP system. Right?    You know, to get a bill which will convince those folks to participate in a voluntary program that could make their life more difficult and still get the bill through--because you're going to have folks like me that are going to say, ``I'm just not fond of the Government being in my cell or in my ERP, either one, really.''    That's going to be a neat trick. Right? I mean, that just doesn't feel like it will be easy to do. I'm not trying to be critical. It just feels like a mountain to climb here to get it just right where you don't make it so onerous that no one signs up. But you have got to have something that has enough impact to get the bill passed.    Am I making sense?    Mr. Clawson. Well, if I can help you--I mean, I'm playing devil's advocate here, obviously. But I'm doing it because I'm trying to--you know, I hope this works. I don't want it to fail. We want it to work.    Mr. Clawson. So I think the more front-end conversations you have like this one--and I know you're doing that every day with people that are out there--the better your chances of getting people to participate.    Because, if they don't come around, we're dead. Right? I mean, if it's a voluntary program and no one signs up, then it's not going to do us much good.    Mr. Clawson. I yield back.    Thank you, everybody, for your patience with me.