    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    I want to thank you all for being here. This is an important topic as we discuss firearms and munitions and examining the safeguards that may or may not be in place there. And that is of utmost concern, I think, to the public and certainly to the Congress. There have been reports and investigations, and I think this is a good opportunity to have a candid discussion with members asking questions.    Obviously, keeping a list on what government agencies own should be a routine practice. It is always fascinating to me that we, for instance, don't have an inventory of all the assets that the government owns, can't tell you how much real property they own, can't tell you exactly how many buildings that we own. You can't go online and say show me a list of these things.    There are some things that maybe shouldn't be out there in the public; I understand that. We don't want to let the adversary know the details of specifics regarding ammunition and munitions, but when you have a list and you are tracking it adequately, you know it is inventory. And you know when something is no longer there, if it goes missing, you know if you have a problem with theft. And when we are talking about guns and ammunition and even more powerful things than your regular .22, then you have got an issue that we need to discuss.    The Office of Personnel Management does not have a list of its servers, its databases or network devices, and then it lost information on 21 million Americans. GSA was trying to maintain an inventory of surplus firearms around the country, which was on an Excel spreadsheet, and it lost 485 firearms, including grenade launchers, Uzis, and assault rifles.    Government-wide, Federal agencies purchased roughly $1.5 billion worth of firearms, munitions, and equipment between 2006 and 2014. We need to make sure this is safeguarded and there is adequate auditing in place.    This past March, the Department of Justice inspector general released a report detailing the lack of proper inventory and control procedures at the Bureau of Prisons. The inspector general started its audit of armory practices after a bureau employee pled guilty to stealing flashbang stun munitions. When the IG reviewed seven of the 120 armories at BOP facilities, it found insufficient firearms and munitions controls and practices, which created increased risk of loss and theft. The audit discovered the records system that was used to track munitions did not record changes to the inventory, and forms used to check out munitions and firearms were incorrect and incomplete. And again, this was only at seven of these facilities. Again, without adequate tracking it is extremely difficult to maintain an inventory.    When onsite inventory counts were conducted at armories, auditors found actually inventory did not match what was reported. There are numerous instances where the inventory reports stated more or less than the actual amount of munitions present at the actual armory. The result of these discrepancies is that the only person who knows the correct count is the officer in charge of the armory, and we even question whether that is true.    The Bureau of Prisons is not alone, though, in its inventory trouble. And the release of Department of Justice inspector general report came only a short time after equally troubling finding at the Department of Homeland Security's at the safeguarding of firearms. In February 2016 multiple news agencies reported that during a 31-month period between 2012 and 2015, Homeland Security lost 165 firearms, along with more than thousands of badges and credentials.    When the committee reviewed the documentations for losses between 2012 and 2015, it was discovered the number of lost firearms actually exceeded 220, including at least one firearm known to have been later used in a violent crime. Loss of a single firearm is cause for concern. The loss of what amounts to roughly five a month is totally unacceptable.    This is especially concerning for a department charged with keeping our homeland secure, but it is not the first time Homeland Security has had issues with firearms inventory practices. In 2010 the DHS inspector general found that between fiscal years 2006 at 2008 the agency lost roughly 289 firearms. That means that in just 7 years Homeland Security has lost more than 500 firearms.    High-profile crimes connected with firearms lost by their agencies such as the Bureau of Land Management indicate that weak inventory accounting and controls are potentially widespread among Federal agencies.    It is abundantly clear that when it comes to Federal agency firearms, ammunitions, nobody is minding the store. It is a problem that must be fixed. That is why we are here today. And we appreciate the testimony and the interaction we will have.    Chairman Chaffetz. With that, I will now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    I will now recognize our panel of witnesses. We are pleased to welcome the Honorable Michael Horowitz, inspector general of the United States Department of Justice; Mr. Thomas Kane, Ph.D., acting director of the Federal Bureau of Prisons; Mr. Stephen Ellis, deputy director of the Bureau of Land Management in the United States Department of the Interior; and Mr. Jeffery Orner, who is the chief readiness support officer at the United States Department of Homeland Security. We welcome and thank you all for being here.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. If you will please rise and raise your right hand.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. You may be seated. Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    I think all of you had testified before Congress. If you will please limit your verbal comments to 5 minutes. We will give you some latitude obviously, but your entire written statement will be entered into the record.    Mr. Horowitz, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you, Mr. Horowitz.    Mr. Kane, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you, Mr. Kane.    Mr. Ellis, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Ellis, thank you.    Mr. Orner, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Horowitz, you have done some good, thorough work with the Federal Bureau of Prisons. They have, according to Mr. Kane, accepted all of those recommendations, but what about the implementation? Where are we at with the actual implementation?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is that behind schedule, ahead of schedule, what you anticipate?    Chairman Chaffetz. And, Mr. Kane, you are committed to implementing all of those? It is one thing to accept the recommendations? It is another thing to actually implementing it.    Chairman Chaffetz. All right. Mr. Ellis, we have sent you a letter back in March trying to get an assessment of the ammunition, weapons that the BLM has in inventory. We have yet to get that. You have approximately 260 rangers and special agents, right?    Chairman Chaffetz. And you are sitting next to Mr. Orner, who has hundreds of thousands of employees at the Department of Homeland Security. How many weapons, what types of weapons, and how much ammunition does the BLM have?    Chairman Chaffetz. When will this committee get a written record of your current inventory and the things that we had requested back in our March 9 letter? When will we get that answer?    Chairman Chaffetz. You copied your personnel manual and sent it to us. That is not what I am looking for. The letter was very specific. I shouldn't have to send you a couple letters and have a hearing to finally start to hear some numbers. It can't be that difficult. And if it is that difficult, that highlights the problem that you can't just go somewhere and print out the current inventory and what the inventory has been for the last few years.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. Go back and look at the letter of March 9. I want to know when I will have not significant but I want 100 percent of the response to that letter. When is it reasonable to get a response to that letter?    Chairman Chaffetz. What does that mean? I mean, boy, that is generous of you, but should I issue a subpoena? Is that what you need? Do you need a subpoena?    Chairman Chaffetz. How about this. I will issue a subpoena by the end of the week unless you provide the information.    Chairman Chaffetz. So you do have information. You do have data. You just have been unwilling to share it with the committee. This is what is ridiculous. Why should I as the chairman and the other members of this committee, why should I have to sign a subpoena? Why is this a difficult exercise?    Chairman Chaffetz. When did you first know that I sent Mr. Kornze a letter? When did you first understand that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Your first clue should have been that we sent a letter, the second clue should be that there were other letters, and then there should be another clue that we had a hearing and then we rescheduled this hearing. So you have no excuses not to have this information at your fingertips and be able to provide it in writing to this committee.    Chairman Chaffetz. Part of it was a copy of your personnel manual. That was not what we asked for in the letter. Look, get it to us by the end of the week. If we don't have it by noon on Friday, I will issue a subpoena. Is that fair?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is what?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did you say fine? What did you say?    Chairman Chaffetz. We want the specifics of it. Just go back and read the letter, and then I want you to tell me and I want Mr. Kornze to tell me, who I find to be a very nice gentleman, but I need some competency here and actually providing that information to this committee in its totality, not significant, but its totality.    My time is expired. I have other questions, but let's recognize Mr. Lynch of Massachusetts for 5 minutes.