    Mr. Clay. Let's hope that I'm not as appalled, Mr. Chairman, with these answers.    You know, many of us were horrified--I know I was--in August of 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri, when officers looked like they were going to war and not serving and protecting their community. President Obama issued Executive Order 13688 on January 16, 2015. The President recognized the need for these programs to assist law enforcement officers' critical mission of keeping the American people safe. The executive order also recognized the need for law enforcement officers to be trained in proper use of the equipment and training on the protection of civil liberties.    The executive order established a working group to identify agency actions that can improve these programs. One of the recommendations was to prohibit certain items for transfer, such as grenade launchers and firearms that were 50 caliber or higher. We know that, prior to this, the GSA program facilitated donations of grenade launchers.    Mr. Sisk, were there other weapons that were donated through this program that are now on the prohibited items list?    Mr. Clay. Okay. And then the Department of Defense has begun recalling some of the weapons that are now on the prohibited items list. And is GSA recalling those weapons? You are?    Mr. Clay. Well, it is an executive order. You all don't follow the executive order?    Mr. Clay. Okay. One of the requirements for transferring control equipment, such as specialized firearms that are not service-issued weapons, is that law enforcement officers have training on proper use of the equipment. Mr. Sisk, what is GSA doing to ensure that officers are trained to use weapons that are now on the controlled equipment list?    Mr. Clay. And how do you confirm that?    Mr. Clay. Okay. The working group also recommends sanctions for violations of controlled equipment programs. Will this apply to existing controlled equipment that is already in the hands of law enforcement?    Mr. Clay. So tell me why local law enforcement would need grenade launchers.    Mr. Clay. Okay. Mr. Ekin, can you maybe respond to why local law enforcement would need grenade launchers?    Mr. Clay. And are you aware that, that local law enforcement is receiving the proper training to operate these weapons? Or do you know anything about that?    Mr. Clay. It sounds pretty loose, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.