    Mr. Veasey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate that.    And I wanted to ask about wind energy, particularly to Dr. Danielson. Dr. Danielson, you may know that in Texas, we are basically the king of wind. We have about 20 percent of the capacity nationwide coming out of our state. Most of that was done with tax credits and different things like that. Some of that was actually done when Mr. Weber and I were serving in the Texas legislature together, and so we are very proud of what it means to our economy, and would hate to see our economy, you know, wrecked by any policy that would reverse the progress that we have made in delivering wind to our state, and the--and what that has meant for the entire country.    And I wanted to ask you in particular about wind, and what sort of research that you guys are doing to make wind even more efficient. Like one of the things that I would like to see with wind, for instance, is, if you have ever been out to west Texas, you will know that it takes up a lot of space. It takes up a lot of landmass. What are we doing to make it to where wind or wind turbines can be moved in various locations, and maybe made even more efficient to deliver the same amount of capacity as they currently do?    Mr. Veasey. One of the things that often surprises people when I visit one of the windfarms down in Midland, where they obviously produce a lot of oil too, I was asking the guy that was working out there at the windfarm about the generator at the bottom of the windmill, and he was explaining that, he said they actually use oil--a renewable oil, almost like a refined oil, like a 40-weight that you would use to change the oil in your car, they use this in the bottom of the windmill in order to, I guess, keep the generator going and to keep everything lubed. How much petroleum products are they--does wind currently use in order to make the windmills run properly?    Mr. Veasey. Okay. Well, thank you. I appreciate that. And I did--I had a question for Ms. McCormick too. I just wanted to know just about some federal research investments in wind technologies that are impacting the growth right now in the wind energy sector.    Mr. Veasey. Okay.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am going to give back some of the time that we lost a little bit earlier.    Mr. Veasey. I will do that.    Mr. Veasey. Yes.    Mr. Veasey. Happy to.