    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    I think this hearing may be the best argument for a simpler flat-tax-type deal because we look at OPM, we look at the IRS, ACA, every government agency recently in the last year or 2 or 3 at the most seems to have had a major data breach. And every time it starts out with a lower number such in your case with the IRS, the 300, then it goes to 7. Same thing happened in the OPM. It started out a few million, went up to 24, 25 million.    So, again, you know, I personally--and I think everybody listening to this hearing--would rather be responsible for their own security because, you know, our agencies are having major problems getting it right. And again, when we--I'll talk to you, Mr. Koskinen, about you guys--you know what you need to do. I mean, from a single identification to a multiple, I mean, that's pretty commonsense stuff. And it's not like these things were born of yesterday. I mean, these things have been going on for a long time.    But I know you guys are asking for more money, so help me out here. Of the $290 million that we as Congress gave you for this fiscal year 2016, I'm told--and you can certainly correct me if I'm misstating--but how much of that went to employ temporary people to help on the toll-free line?    Mr. Abraham. I understand that, but, I mean, we've been--you know, we've been here so many times.    Mr. Abraham. We just keep going to the same well and the water keeps coming up dry so----    Mr. Abraham. Right. So is that about 1,000 employees?    Mr. Abraham. Yes.    Mr. Abraham. And I guess my point is that $178 million did not go to specifically fight cybercrime?    Mr. Abraham. Right.    Mr. Abraham. All right. So I'm doing the math and certainly won't--don't want to disparage any employee at the IRS. I'm sure they hopefully earn their money every day. But 1,000--the $170 million, that's $178,000 per employee. Is that the normal salary? I mean, I may want to----    Mr. Abraham. --apply there.    Mr. Abraham. Okay. And I know that OMB required you guys to reassess and look back at your security procedures, and I guess the question, again going back to the earlier statement, why don't you guys conduct an authentication process with your IP issue, your IP PIN problem? Did you all review, did you look ahead? Why didn't you follow OMB guidelines?    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, sir.    Thank you, Madam Chairwoman. I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    And I now recognize Mr. LaHood for five minutes.