    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In 1777, Thomas Jefferson drafted a bill for establishing religious freedom. Introduced in the Virginia General Assembly in 1779, it was enacted into law on January 16, 1786, as the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom. Last month we honored the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom's 229th anniversary.    This Virginia law remains relevant today. In addition to being a model for the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment, its language continues to provide wisdom. The statute, for example, states in part, the opinions of men are not the object of civil government, nor under its jurisdiction.    This morning the Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice will examine the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act. These two laws are vitally important means of protecting religious liberty in the United States and individuals' opinions from an interceding government.    The Religious Freedom Restoration Act prohibits the Federal Government from substantially burdening a person's exercise of religion even if the burden results from a rule of general applicability. The exception is that the government may burden a person's exercise of religion only if it demonstrates that application of the burden to the person, one, furthers a compelling governmental interest, and two, is the least restrictive means of furthering that compelling governmental interest.    I cosponsored this legislation when the Religious Freedom Restoration Act passed the House and Senate and was signed by the President in the 103rd Congress, and I was amazed at the incredible bipartisan support the bill generated. Senator Charles Schumer, who was then representing the Ninth District of New York in the House and a Member of this Committee, introduced the bill. By the time the bill passed by a voice vote, it had the support of 170 cosponsors from both sides of the aisle.    A diverse array of organizations formed a bipartisan coalition to support this bill. This coalition included over 50 organizations, including the American Civil Liberties Union, Americans United for the Separation of Church and State, the Home School Legal Defense Association, the Traditional Values Coalition, Concerned Women for America, and the Christian Life Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention. It was incredible to see all sides come together for such an important piece of legislation.    Reflecting the same language as the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act prohibits any government from imposing or implementing a land use regulation in a manner that places a substantial burden on the religious exercise of a person, including a religious assembly or institution, unless the government demonstrates the burden, one, is in furtherance of a compelling governmental interest, and two, is the least restrictive means of furthering that compelling governmental interest.    It provides a similar religious protection for institutionalized persons, including prisoners. Congress made it clear that the Federal Government must provide religious accommodations in our laws, and any laws passed that infringe upon religious freedom must be subject to the strictest scrutiny in our courts.    And while religious liberty remains threatened, I am nevertheless encouraged by recent Supreme Court decisions in favor of religious plaintiffs. These cases indicate the religious protections passed by Congress are working. While not determining the outcome of any case, these crucial statutes provide individuals with practical and meaningful ways to challenge government infringements on their religious beliefs in court.    I want to thank all of our witnesses for coming today and I look forward to their testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Goodlatte. Would the gentleman yield?    Mr. Goodlatte. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    I appreciate his admiration of Thomas Jefferson, as I have.    I do want to get his tombstone correct, though. He did--he is identified on his tombstone as the author of the Declaration of Independence and the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom, but he did not have any involvement in the writing of our Constitution. He was our ambassador to France. Instead, the third item is the establishment----    Mr. Goodlatte . Of the University of Virginia.    Mr. Goodlatte. I thank the gentleman.