    Dr. Benishek. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So Dr. McDougall, you are new on the job, right? January you said?    Dr. Benishek. How about you, Ms. Murphy, are you new on the job there too then?    Dr. Benishek. So you are both relatively new on the job. Have you guys been to the West L.A. hospital? Do you know what it looks like and have you been all through this area?    Dr. Benishek. Let me ask you this: I want to go through one of the specifics here, apparently there is this hospital laundry that is operating on campus without paying rent. Are you familiar with that story there?    Dr. Benishek. What is the name of the individual at the VA who's responsible for allowing that to happen? Isn't there a facilities manager there that would be responsible for that? What would be that person's name?    Dr. Benishek. I see, okay. When did his retirement come about?    Dr. Benishek. I am glad to hear that he is retired. Dr. McDougall, considering that this hearing deals with these wasted resources that could more appropriately have been used to provide healthcare to our veterans, how long is the average wait time for a new patient at the greater L.A. Medical Center?    Dr. Benishek. Is that true for mental health patients as well?    Dr. Benishek. Mr. Lilley, does that correspond to your experience there at the VA in L.A.?    Dr. Benishek. Dr. McDougall, apparently the Greater Los Angeles received $24 million for the accelerated care initiative to improve access to care. What was this money spent on in particular?    Dr. Benishek. Ms. Murphy, does every single VA medical center have their own management plan as far as its usage of the facility? Is there any central management plan or how is that working?    Dr. Benishek. Doesn't seem to me that that was followed in this case; is that right?    Dr. Benishek. Mr. Lord, is that a common practice where the central management plan is not followed?    Dr. Benishek. There is not one person in charge of the situation in L.A. like Ms. McDougall suggested that there was this guy who is now retired who was in charge?    Dr. Benishek. I would think decentralized would be the best because you would know the facility rather than some bureaucrat in Washington telling them how to do things in L.A. I don't really like that, I like L.A. deciding, but it seems like the people in L.A. would have to make sure they collect the damn rent.    Dr. Benishek. Thank you for your testimony here today, I am out of time. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.