    Ms. DeGette. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thanks, everybody, for coming today.    As you know, in Colorado, we not only have contaminated Federal munitions and chemical sites, but we also have legacy mines on Federal lands. And there are often questions of liability regarding the abandoned mine lands since many companies might have had those properties over the course of decades.    Of course, a prime example of this is the Gold King Mine, which we saw this summer. And you all saw this on the national news. This is what the Gold King Mine looked--this is what the Animas River looked like. Why those people are kayaking there I don't know. But the Animas River was orange as it flowed down through Durango and down into New Mexico, and Cement Creek was also turned orange.    So this is kind of the backdrop for the questions that I am going to be asking today.    I want to ask you, Mr. Stanislaus, if the EPA is going to be pursuing reimbursement from the companies that left these millions of gallons of contaminated water at Gold King Mine to pay for the remediation of the site.    Ms. DeGette. That is good news to hear.    I would like to know, if there were private owners, which there were, of that site and the adjoining mine, why was the EPA cleaning up the site in the first place?    Ms. DeGette. And that is before it all came----    Ms. DeGette . Rushing out and turned the river orange.    Now, that site was not listed on the Superfund National Priorities List, correct?    Ms. DeGette. What the National Priorities List does, it targets the cleanup of sites without viable responsibility orders, and it puts it in priority for funding. Is that right?    Ms. DeGette. And do you think the Gold King Mine would be a candidate for the National Priorities List?    Ms. DeGette. So the decision has not yet been made?    Ms. DeGette. When do you think you will make that decision?    Ms. DeGette. Right. So would that, like, 6 months? Twelve months?    Ms. DeGette. That would be really fabulous. And what would be even better is if we had a very short timeframe to get that on the list.    There are thousands and thousands of mines, as all of you have said, that are similar to the Gold King Mine across the West.    Mr. Gomez, in your testimony, you note that both the USDA and DOI have significant inventories of abandoned mines that could potentially pose threats to health and the environment. Do either of these agencies have a system for prioritizing their most contaminated mines?    Ms. DeGette. I would appreciate that, because it is my understanding that they actually don't have a priority list, and that would be really helpful.    Gold King is the perfect example of a mine where everybody knew it needed to be cleaned up. But I think everybody could now stipulate that, in hindsight, the preparation for the cleanup, the recognition of the seriousness of the problem was grossly underestimated.    Now, based on GAO's analysis of contaminated sites on USDA and DOI properties, do each of the agencies have sufficient environmental expertise of their own to plan and oversee cleanup of the sites?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. To USDA and DOI?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. OK.    Now, I want to ask you, Mr. Stanislaus, it is my understanding that USDA and DOI don't want mines that were Superfund cleanup to be listed on the National Priorities List. Does that impede the EPA's ability to oversee and ensure proper cleanup at the sites?    Ms. DeGette. OK. So if they are not on that list, then we can't clean them up.    Ms. DeGette. So I guess, Mr. Gomez, I would like you to supplement your testimony to see what, in fact, the position of those two agencies is of putting their mine sites on that list.    Ms. DeGette. I would be happy to.    Ms. DeGette. I am out of time.    Ms. DeGette. Yes. Seize control.    Ms. DeGette. Yes, Mr. Chairman, I think that is a great idea. Because if you can't list these on the list, then the agency with the expertise to clean it up won't be able to do it.    Thank you.