    Mr. MCNERNEY. Thank you, Mr. Chabot. Good morning, Ms. Velaazquez.    On behalf of the 2,500 members of MCAA, thank you very much for the opportunity to be here. I am general counsel, and I have been involved in the work of this Committee for several years now, as have our members. We testified here several times on the old 3 percent withholding tax on Federal Government contracts, and we commend your work on that. You were persistent, and we hope it does not come back again. That was a big threat to cash flow and prompt payment for all our members.    We also would commend you for your recent activity having a naming rule for small businesses in prime contract, small business contracting plans, and allowing those firms some assurance that they will be selected or have recourse to the contracting officer if they are not.    Having said that, we also admire your persistence on the reverse auction rule. The Federal Government lags the private sector in recognizing just how bad that practice is. So we hope this time we can pursue that until we get it where it should be.    The Corps of Engineers Pilot Study on Reverse Auction came in more than 10 years ago. They studied nine projects, and they came out with a conclusion in about a 95-page report that said it was totally unacceptable for low bid awards. But since then it has been fitful by getting this Congress to do something about it. Our statement on it is attached to my written statement. In summary, it says simply this. There is a strong discipline in the sealed bid, low bid process that protects the project owner's best interest in well-considered judgments by its bidders, and all that discipline is lost in the publicly disclosed price auction with hasty and frenzied judgments imperiling careful offers and awards.    You know, back in 2004, when this started, a lot of private sector industries took this up. Most of them have given up the project, and those who have not have been fired by customers, fired by the contractors as their customers. And we think that the persistence of some government agencies to do this is impairing competition.    So in all, I think there are three problems with the reverse auction. Number one, it shows that some bad ideas, like the 3 percent withholding tax, for example, have a habit of recurring. Projects that are mischaracterized as commodity purchases then are subject to the lack of discipline of the sealed low bid, and when construction projects are misclassified as commodity purchases, the government and the contractor are deprived of protections and benefits of the many standards for construction contract clauses that serve to allocate risk fairly. The unforeseen conditions cause, the equitable change clause, the prompt payment clause, and some of the warranty clauses, too.    So in summary on that point, we commend the Committee for pursuing this and trying to finally implement the Corps' categorical assessment that this is a bad practice. Nothing has changed since then that would mitigate that conclusion, so we look forward to your reintroduction of that bill.    We would also suggest when you do that, that you consider expanding it Part 15, Negotiated Procurement. And Part 14, Sealed Bid, is where we are looking at it now, but we understand that many agencies are going to a species of negotiated procurement, low priced technically acceptable where once the team is evaluated it becomes a low bid process. So we need to legislate those kind of controls into that process. Our members are having anecdotal evidence that there are selection abuses in LPT awards as well.    On the individual surety reform, we are fully in support of the industry consensus. There is no harm and only benefit to closing the individual surety loophole where there can be elusory assets and fraud and bad practice there. Your reform preserves the possibility of individual surety but protects against the abuses, so we think that can only increase competitiveness in that market.    And on the nonmanufacturing rule, I talked to my members and they said they cannot buy a tiller from a small business company or an air handling unit or mechanical equipment. It is entirely inapt for our industry.    So with that, sir, I will stop and look forward to your questions.    Mr. MCNERNEY. My members would agree with that ability to partner and team more. My very small members, of which I have many, do that and they would like to do more of it. And the idea that all the team members would be evaluated is a good idea. Any more discerning selection criteria is highly favored by my members because they prosper when the selection criteria is high.    Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Hunter's comment about the roadblocks and the complications from bid protests is a good one. And I do not know how you would legislate that, but our members prefer a more robust evaluation, a past performance evaluation on completed contracts, more robust than exists now. If you had that and more widespread use of the federal awarded past performance information system, I think would help bolster selection criteria, exclusions, if you will. Again, I think that our members on the main would like to see the selection process be more discerning, and I think that would increase competition. Some of my members say they will not compete in the federal market because of not so careful selection procedures.    Mr. MCNERNEY. All of that, Ms. Velaazquez. I read the report on the subway down here and the Corps of Engineers says all of that very empathically. And I talked to some of my members yesterday who were involved in--the pharmaceutical industry was a big adopter of this back in 2002-2003. I will not name the company, but I asked him, I said, `` Did you continue to bid that work as either prime or sub?'' And he said, `` No, I fired that customer.'' Because when the hasty judgments--the first Corps of Engineer Pilot Study ended up in a bid protest because the prime contractor who won said he did not mean to push the button the last time, ironically. So that tells you, what is that, an error in judgment or a clerical error?    Mr. MCNERNEY. I think it is very likely. You know, the Corps of Engineers report said that for commodities it can be done well and it can help you find the lowest price. But the hearing you held last year with the VA did not prove that out.    Mr. MCNERNEY. I would just emphasize what Mr. Gibson said. Reverse auction is the antitheses of a best value selection process, which I think is also the answer to Mr. Hanna's question. You know, the government has gone to design build best value to get away from the problems that existed in contract claims and dispute and defense of contract administration back when all projects were low bid, before 1994 Competition and Contracting Act.    So I think Mr. Hanna, the answer to your question is, too, you have got to, you know, you have got to allow the CO to have governed discretion. He has the contracting warrant. He has to make discretionary judgments, and the bid protest agencies have to back him up.    Mr. MCNERNEY. There are those notorious cases that you have all heard from the NASBP and the surety and fidelity, the individual surety who pledged coal waste as the security for a bond. If there were a claim made on that, my contractor would have been out of luck. He would have been on the hook for all his payroll and everything else when the prime failed. So I just think it is a very good government abuse. It is just a transparently bad loophole in the law. The contracting officers do not deal with it properly. It is more prevalent than you would think, I am afraid. What I hear from NASBP, it is just--I do not think you lose the virtues of independent----    Mr. MCNERNEY. Right.