    Ms. Liddle. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am honored to have the privilege to speak on behalf of the 20,000 pizzerias across the U.S. who make up our coalition called the American Pizza Community, and for 900 Domino's small business owners. I appreciate your giving us this chance to discuss how calorie information is best presented to our customers.    Our requests are simple modern practical solutions that will inform consumers in a better way and relieve a cost burden from small business. I believe that you will find them more than reasonable.    At Domino's, as we have heard, there are 34 million ways to make a single pizza based on all the crust types, sauces, and toppings that we offer. Pizza Hut has published that they now have 2 billion.    So our first point is that you can't possibly fit all the iterations of a pizza on a typical menu board like you can for burgers, for example. FDA did understand that too. So they said just put ranges. But if you put ranges for a whole pie, that is a range of up to 2,000 calories. If you do it by the slice, it is still a range of hundreds of calories. We think that the calories should be disclosed more precisely so that our customers actually know what they are eating. Our solution is to put the information where our customers go. Online. Right now about half of all Domino's orders and those of Pizza Hut and Papa John's come from online. And 5 minutes from now there will be more since the industry is moving there at warp speed. The rest of our customers who don't order online pick up the phone to order. This means that very few people, and our figures show less than 10 percent, walk into a store, look at a menu board and make their ordering decision in that way. Think about your own ordering habits. What do you do when you order pizza?    To illustrate this point with a specific example, we recently spent an average day in a Domino's store in Michigan. Out of the 324 orders we witnessed, 91 percent were placed remotely, either online or by phone. About 7 percent were placed in store, and not even 2 percent of customers, that is 5 out of 324, used the menu board to place an order. To us, it makes no sense to retrofit this information on a menu board which the vast majority don't even use.    My second point is about imposing an unneeded and somewhat bizarre expense, we think, on small business people. Most people think of Domino's or Papa John's, for example, as big business, but we are actually a collection of small business owners or franchisees. Nearly half of Domino's franchisees only own one store, and our average is just 5 stores per franchisee. This is the common model for pizza. So why make these small local business people who live, work, and hire in your districts pay thousands of dollars a year for something that nobody uses.    There are also other provisions of the final rules from FDA that we find pretty frightening. They define menus very broadly, which will force businesses to calorie label anything a customer could possibly order from. The original law defined a menu as the primary writing of the restaurant.    Now, I am a simple Midwesterner, but I think primary means first and foremost, not all. In our business, we send lots of advertising fliers out, top boxes with fliers, and put posters up in stores. None of these were ever intended as menus, and they can't possibly all be considered primary. And this isn't unique to pizza. It spans across many restaurant types. FDA claims to have recognized this point, but the definitions that they laid out in the final rules still don't differentiate these properly.    Lastly, the final FDA regulations require that you have to certify at both the corporate and individual store levels that you have listed all the correct calories in all the correct places and that you could face criminal penalties should you do this wrong. And what about class action lawsuits if a teenage pizza maker is a little heavy handed with the cheese and the slice doesn't match the listed calories.    We believe that a business should be required to show that it has made reasonable efforts to correctly depict calorie information, and I hope that we can all agree that inadvertently putting too many toppings on a pizza should not result in crippling fines and threats of jail time.    Even with all the fixes that we have proposed, the job of calorie labeling won't be an easy one, but we think it is worth it. People do have a right to know what they are eating, which is why we have been voluntarily disclosing calorie information in one form or another for 14 years.    But to get ready, computer programing, material design, nutritional research, and operational systems will need to be put in place. So we have asked for more time to get it done. But let me be clear. In no way do we see a delay in the rules as a solution. We must have a legislative fix.    In closing, I cannot say it too many times. We are not seeking an exemption. We want to comply in a way that fits our business model, provides the information to our customers in the clearest way, and doesn't make small business pay for materials customers won't see or use.    We ask you to support and ultimately vote for H.R. 2017 for the sake of all these important constituencies. Chairman Pitts, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for listening to me, and thank you, Representatives McMorris Rodgers and Sanchez for your leadership on this issue.    Ms. Liddle. Yes.    Ms. Liddle. I think the biggest head scratcher for us really is why we would put unclear range information on a menu board for those very few people who look at a menu board. We think a better solution for the few people who walk into a store would be to put a comprehensive booklet, perhaps, on the countertop or maybe even an iPad. But to put ranges on a static menu board that won't help consumers to make a good decision seems to not make sense to us. So that is the one issue.    And then secondly, even though we are a big company with revenues, as Ms. Wootan pointed out, we are a conglomeration of small business people. Half of our guys only own one store. So we are going to make them pay for something that people are not looking at. That to us just is beyond a challenge. It really makes no sense at all.    Ms. Liddle. Sure. We originally and always have agreed that a Federal preemptive law is a good idea because we have been dealing with a patchwork of different municipalities and changes. But my argument isn't about how difficult it is to get the 34 million ways up. I actually already do that online. Any pizza that you can concoct in your head, I can give you the actual calories for that slice. And so I want to do that for my consumers. What I don't want to do is retrofit onto a menu board just to fit in the box of the law.    To say well, put ranges, you don't have to put all 34 million, the law doesn't make you do that. That is true. But I want to do that. I want to do that because it is the right thing to do. What I don't want to do is put ranges that consumers will not understand and make my small businesses franchisees pay for that.    Ms. Liddle. Well, to do as you suggest, to put the information that you just described on a menu board, it would be very, very hard to read. And it would be a little bit like a forest or a tree falling in the forest and nobody hearing it.    Ms. Liddle. Well, there is nobody in the store, virtually, almost nobody in the store to look at the suggestions that you are making. But I do want to do exactly as you suggest and as you started out in the grocery store, I want to be able to give you that precise information online. To put it on----    Ms. Liddle. And we have it. We have been disclosing it voluntarily for 14 years.    Ms. Liddle. Online----    Ms. Liddle. That is what we are proposing in our legislation. We are proposing that we bring the calorie information right on the electronic or the online menu. So----    Ms. Liddle. Well, we consider those to be promotional materials. They are ads with flyers that say order this special, which is one of the other problems with the legislation for us and many restaurants.    Ms. Liddle. We support and appreciate that. However, we do not think it is the solution. We really believe that we need a legislative fix.    Ms. Liddle. We could put ranges of calories on menu boards that would not make sense to consumers and that would cost our small franchisees a lot of money. We could do that, yes.    Ms. Liddle. I think the smaller the company, the more difficult it becomes because of the cost of compliance.    Ms. Liddle. The way the law is currently written, there are criminal penalties because you have to certify that the information is correct both at the corporate level and at every store. There are 75,000 pizza stores in the United States. So that is a lot of paperwork, one. And there are lots of teenagers who make handmade products.    And even though we have very precise recipes for each thing, they can be off a little bit if they are just a little heavy-handed with the cheese or if they don't put as many pepperonis on, it is not going to be the same calories exactly. And I don't think that warrants sending a kid to jail.    Ms. Liddle. Yes.    Ms. Liddle. Well, I am not a lawyer, but it is my understanding that this falls under the Food and Drug Cosmetic Act. And under this, there is a sort of a presumption of guilt ahead of time. There are criminal penalties that could be put on folks and I----    Ms. Liddle. As opposed to inadvertently correct. And I agree with Mr. O'Quinn, it has been a frustrating experience waiting for rules from FDA. And I, frankly, don't trust that the ultimate outcome of their rules will be correct. And so I really believe that we need this fix.