    Ms. Lemm. I am here today representing many of your constituents that are moving thousands and thousands of ocean container goods, specifically agricultural goods and forest products. These exports are critical to our economy, and they are critical to our Nation. I am the vice president at Mallory Alexander, based in Memphis, Tennessee. And our responsibility is to prepare the export documentation for exporters, as well as provide ocean services.    I am also the chair of the SOLAS--Safety of Life at Sea--Agriculture Transportation Coalition's Container Weight Committee. Today our coalition is very strong. We come here with one voice for both your small farmer in your district, as well as your largest exporter in your district. The voice is one in unison for one reason: we are very, very concerned about these new regulations the World Shipping Council has announced, because there are only two methods that they have announced that are, in their minds, regulatory. And they are asking the shipper to abide.    My goal today is, first and foremost, to share with you that the U.S. exporter is committed to safety. We also have in place today, as the admiral said, a compliant method in which we report our weights to the ships. And we report both gross weights and net weights every day on our bill of ladings. This has been approved and with the SOLAS regulation for decades.    The problem, in a nutshell, is that there is flexibility, as the admiral said, in the regulation. This is not a change in regulation. These are modifications. This is the heart of the disagreement. The guidelines that have been presented by the World Shipping Council are mandatory in tone. They are required in tone. They are not flexible, they are not commercial in setting, ``Let's go discuss this.''    And I am here to tell you that the two methods proposed--the first one, scaling, is nearly impossible for most of your ag and forest product shippers. Why? Where are the scales? Just last week, we saw the southern ports of the west coast announce that they were not ready or capable to weigh our containers. I live in New Orleans. There are no scales in New Orleans. Where are the scales? You know how expensive it is? Two hundred to two hundred and fifty dollars to weigh a container. Remember, they are asking us to certify. It is redundant. We are certifying today.    The admiral made reference to laws that exist today. We have the Intermodal Safety Act, which mandates that we certify the weights that we produce. We produce a bill of lading. Shipper load and count, certified.    Second method that has been proposed is that we not only submit our gross weights, but we are also asked to submit the tare weight of a container we don't own or lease. We have members that their legal departments are saying, ``There is no way we are going to allow you to certify or report on a weight on a piece of equipment you don't own or lease.'' The ramifications for port disruption are huge.    We are at total opposite ends. Many exporters--I was just at a conference last week--don't even have a field for tare weight. These IT systems that we talked about today honestly just started getting developed November, December. They have not been rolled out. There is no EDI standard. There are multiple portals, multiple carriers, multiple, multiple IT elements that the average exporter hasn't even begun to understand.    So, I am outlining one cost. I am outlining two--this window, VGM, is going to require a new cutoff, a totally new cutoff. We have one member that--they move 10,000 containers. They believe they will only be able to move half that number of containers because of this new window, this tighter window. These are huge ramifications.    We believe that, first and foremost, the solution is to recognize that the United States is not the problem. These incidents that they talk about did not happen off of our shores.    In the spirit of working together with the carriers we have tried for months now to find best practices. We have said that we will certify yet again in some kind of business arrangement--perhaps in contract--that our weights are true and correct. We have been met with the answer ``no'' each and every time.    In summary, I ask this committee please to help us, even if it is through legislative processes, to acknowledge that the processes that exist today are indeed compliant, that there is flexibility in this regulation. And if, in fact, the ocean carriers refuse to cooperate, we ask you to please seek the opinion of the Federal Maritime Commission for this collective activity.    In summary, I do ask, please, that you ask the Coast Guard for written statement about the many methods in which we can report and verify gross mass. I think there is some ambiguous discussion and confusion because it has only been in dialogue.    We thank you very much for the opportunity to talk to you today.    Ms. Lemm. We believe that.    Ms. Lemm. Correct.    Ms. Lemm. There are issues. I mean for--let's take the issue of the tare weight, itself. The carriers have said themselves that the tare weights are often inaccurate. We have members who have run their own tests to prove that the tare weights that are stenciled on the side of the container are not accurate, based on their data.    Ms. Lemm. Roughly 10 to 12 percent. But here is the issue----    Ms. Lemm. The container--let's take a 40-foot standard, generally around 8,000 pounds.    Ms. Lemm. 800 pounds. But here is the deal. What is bothering the shipper, the ag shipper, is that we have never been responsible for this tare weight before. The--OK.    Ms. Lemm. OK.    Ms. Lemm. That is correct.    Ms. Lemm. It is the administrative task of having to report equipment we don't own or lease. The----    Ms. Lemm. OK.    Ms. Lemm. Well, and it is cost. We talked too about IT, IT programming. Please remember, for decades we have only reported the gross weight of our cargo.    Ms. Lemm. And now we are being asked to report the weight, the tare weight of that empty container.    Ms. Lemm. Well, we move thousands and thousands of containers that are transloaded every day. And so we have a timing issue. For us to sit and look to the side of the container and actually record the side of the container and that tare weight and then have to report it and certify it, time and energy.    I think it boils down to we are told that the practice that we are doing today is compliant. It is compliant. And if it is in compliance with the regulation, then we are asking why can't we continue to do what we are doing----    Ms. Lemm. Actually, no. What we are asking the committee is--the changes are so drastic, so drastic in reporting in either, A, scaling or, B, in the way we report VGM--it is also a timing issue. There is a new cutoff. Please remember that the verified gross mass now will require certification. They are programming for a whole new certificate for a database.    And so, if, in fact, there is a new cutoff that is given to the U.S. ag shipper, that cutoff must be before that container rolls into the gate for that terminal operator. We are transloading constantly at a minute's notice. The fear is that the cutoff will be moved up another day, losing a whole other day to transload export goods--time and money. And so, we believe that it is an administrative function. The carrier already knows the weight of their container.    Ms. Lemm. May I----    Ms. Lemm. Chairman Hunter, I would just like to say that----    Ms. Lemm . Only 10, 10 countries, have even taken a position, 10 of 171 countries that are affiliated with the IMO, have taken a position on this.    I would also like to say that the Coast Guard has been very clear that this is not a new regulation. I meant to say that the World Shipping Council has issued guidelines without flexibility. The Coast Guard has also been clear that there is flexibility and there are multiple ways in which we can report gross mass. Historically, gross mass has been reported by the shipper to the carrier.    The responsibility has been the carrier to the master to report accurate weights. This VGM is a new term. Never before heard it before until a few months ago. Verified gross mass now replaces the term gross mass. And in its replacement of gross mass, it totally replaces the way we have for decades reported weights. The shipper has forever reported the gross weight of their cargo, and never had to report also the tare weight of an empty container that they don't own or lease.    One thing that I failed to say in my final summary, that if in fact these changes are mandated, and they are regulatory changes, then we have to follow and ask the Coast Guard for a rulemaking, an official rulemaking. Now, I believe the Coast Guard, in good faith, really thought we could just work it out, that in a commercial setting we could dialogue. But unfortunately, the margins are so thin on our agricultural commodities we can't afford a $250 scale.    One shipper believes it is going to cost to his bottom line $4 million if we are forced to scale. This is a major U.S. shipper.    Ms. Lemm. A container.    Ms. Lemm. A lot of money on super thin margins for our exports. And we feel that that is burdensome. And the option, frankly, for most is a no-go.    Ms. Lemm. I am saying please----    Ms. Lemm. Well, what we would like to do is continue the practice that we are doing today. We would like to meet the carrier halfway by saying we will certify again--yet again--the gross weights of our cargo under contract, or perhaps when we send our shippers instructions for that master bill of lading, a check box and a signature that we verify our weights to be true and accurate.    Ms. Lemm. And we contend----    Ms. Lemm. We contend that if, in fact, we have to certify ``C,'' which is VGM--``A'' being gross weight of our cargo plus ``B,'' tare weight of their cargo, ``Don't worry about it, Mr. Shipper, you are not liable, but sign here,'' ``C,'' verified gross mass--that any part of that equation then ties us to that certification.    We are also asking about the administrative function. Why would we be asked--we have heard the carriers say, one, tare weight is insignificant. Anybody--yes, a second grader can read, you know, the sides of the container. We are asking why would you burden the U.S. exporter who is already at an all-time low with U.S. exports, why would you burden them with another administrative function that is not necessary? Why would you ask them to report on the tare weight of a container? When you own it, you already know. It is in your database.    They are--the World Shipping Council, several members, have suggested we go to their Web site to pull the container weight if we don't want to look at the sides of the containers. We are contending, ``Come on, guys, why are we making this harder than it is?'' You have already said it is insignificant. You have already said what you really want to look at is that gross weight. We agree, it should be reported accurately, and that is the only thing we, as U.S. shippers, have control over.    Ms. Lemm. And what we are saying is that at--the issue is what is compliance, what is compliant. What the admiral said was that our method, our current method, is compliant. And what we are suggesting is the problem is that the World Shipping Council and its members are telling us dogmatically, ``We can't accept your current compliant method. You have to do one of these two other methods.'' These----    Ms. Lemm. It is analogous, in my mind. It is a circle.    Ms. Lemm. No, I understand.