    Mr. STANLEY. Thank you. Chairman Huelskamp, Ranking Member Chu, and members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify here today.    Today's hearing asks us to consider the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on small banks. I want to make two broad points. First, community banks face economic headwinds that are unrelated to Dodd-Frank, connected both to long-term trends and to the effects of the financial crisis itself.    Second, the big picture is that community banks have returned to profitability under Dodd-Frank. In 2015, just over 95 percent of community banks earned a profit. That is compared to 78 percent in 2010, the year Dodd-Frank was passed.    Consolidation in the banking industry is not a new phenomenon. The number of FDIC insured banks has declined by 2/3 over the past 30 years with the decline concentrated among banks with less than $1 billion in assets. The number of community banks has declined every single year since 1984.    The causes of these long-term trends include changes in economies of scale in banking and deregulatory measures that assisted the expansion of large regional and global banks. The catastrophic effect of the financial crisis made things worse. Over 400 community banks failed between 2008 and 2011. Facing huge losses in the Deposit Insurance Fund and historically devastating recession, FDIC's supervisors cracked down on risks in existing banks and made it more difficult to open new banks, a regulatory response that would have occurred even if the Dodd-Frank Act had never passed.    When we look at the well-being of community banks since the passage of Dodd-Frank, as well as specific provisions of the law, we see a better picture. Not only have more than 95 percent of community banks returned to profitability today, but return on equity has been steadily increasing. Average community bank ROE has gone up every year since the passage of Dodd-Frank and reached almost 9 percent in 2015, a level that some larger banks, such as Citigroup or Bank of America might envy.    One reason for this is that in drafting Dodd-Frank, Congress made major efforts to shield small banks from additional regulations targeted at the large banks and nonbanks who were at the center of the 2008 crisis. Smaller banks are exempted from numerous provisions in the law, including new heightened prudential standards in Title I, new over-the-counter derivatives regulation, and direct CFPB examination .    As detailed in my written testimony, regulators have continued this practice in implementing the law with efforts to shield small banks from compliance burdens in areas ranging from the Volcker Rule to new mortgage regulations. The Dodd-Frank Act was major legislation passed in response to the worst financial and economic crisis since the 1930s, so it clearly does have impacts throughout the financial system. But, those impacts are concentrated on the large banks and nonbanks that are, in fact, the major competitors of community banks.    At the same time, I do not wish to imply that there are not real issues with small business access to credit and issues in rural areas that this Committee can and should address. Although small business lending has increased significantly in recent years, it has still lagged during the recovery, and the economic expansion has been more concentrated in urban areas. Helping small banks to address this issue should be high on our agenda, but looking at the Dodd-Frank Act as it is caused seems misguided. Instead, I would urge the Committee to look at credit guarantees from entities like the Small Business Administration, the Department of Agriculture, and other forms of credit that are under the jurisdiction of the Committee.    We must also make sure that nonbank financial entities are competing on a level playing field with regulated banks. Online marketplace lenders are a rapidly growing provider of small business lending and are subject neither to consumer protection laws nor risk controls. The evidence indicates that they often provide a substandard and even exploitative product. Just 15 percent of small business borrowers from online lenders express satisfaction with their experience, while 75 percent of small business borrowers from community banks did. That is from a joint study by seven regional Federal Reserve banks that cover pretty much the whole country. Congress should consider expanding oversight of online marketplace lenders.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to taking questions.    Mr. STANLEY. Yes, I do. One thing we saw prior to the crisis was that people with equity in their homes were being targeted for exploitative loans that they could not pay back, at which point the bank would seize the collateral and perhaps profit on a loan that never should have been made. I do think that the QM and the Ability-to-Repay rules have made a critical difference in a lot of areas across America and will make a critical difference in addressing that.    Mr. STANLEY. The CFPB has made a lot of efforts to do that. One thing we have heard several times from the other witnesses is the desire to exempt on portfolio loans, loans that are held in portfolio from regulation. That can make sense for a bank that truly has a relationship lending model, and the CFPB has, in fact, exempted loans held in portfolio from many of the requirements under the new mortgage rules. It has been very responsive to that.    One thing that we see here in Washington, D.C., is that when you actually look at legislation that would roll back parts of Dodd-Frank and would do things like exempt loans held on portfolio, you see it does not just apply to small rural banks. It does not just apply to community banks. It applies across the board to large regional banks. Frankly, the reason that legislation draws fire from organizations like Americans for Financial Reform, from proponents of reform, is that it is not limited to the kinds of banks that we are talking about here today. I think that there is space both with regulators, and even possibly in Congress on a bipartisan basis, for legislation that is truly targeted at the kind of small rural banks we are talking about today.    Mr. STANLEY. The small creditor exemption does include a lot of additional flexibility on things like balloon payments, escrow requirements, debt-to-income ratios, and these kind of things. That is the flexibility that we need to see in small rural areas. Yes.    Mr. STANLEY. Yes. What we saw prior to the crisis was large banks gaming the system in a lot of ways. They would use complex international models to claim that their assets were less risky than the assets held by smaller banks, and they would use that to hold less capital and borrow more, be overleveraged. And Dodd-Frank has taken a lot of steps to even that. I think the CFPBs' jurisdiction over nonbanks is also very significant in terms of leveling the playing field.    Mr. STANLEY. Yes. I think there is no question that the FDIC cracked down as a supervisor on a lot of bank risks in the parade around the crisis. I think a lot of that was justified because there were a lot of banks that had made loans in the commercial real estate space that had valuations that were inflated. As the economy was damaged, some of those risks were excessive. We saw a lot of banks failing, and the FDIC was concerned about that. They did crack down. I think there are issues and questions. They also cracked down, as one of the witnesses mentioned, on the opening of new banks and put in new requirements because they saw a lot of newer banks fail during the crisis. That is something that could be reexamined and thought about in terms of how they have done that.    Mr. STANLEY. I think, first of all, you are going to see a lot of large financial institutions that end up supporting the package that comes out of Chairman Hensarling. I think that there is enormous diversity in the American banking system. We have 6,500 banks across all different sizes of communities. What we are very focused on and concerned about is that any changes to tailor these regulations, and there have been changes made both at the regulatory level and in the Dodd-Frank statute, do not become loopholes that can then be used by larger banks or can be used in rent-a-charter situations where somebody gets a bank charter and then sells stuff out into the secondary market that does not meet certain kinds of standards.    One thing I see with a lot of the legislation that comes out is it is not limited to the kinds of banks that are in Elkhart, Kansas. It is not limited to $100 million banks, $250 million banks. It does open the door to either banks that are in that $50 to $500 billion space, the very large regional banks that are among the largest couple dozen banks in the country, or even to the top six or seven global banks that dominate Wall Street. I think that there is space, there has been space in the Senate. Actually, there was a package passed for community banks that was limited to community banks, so I think there is bipartisan space for legislation that is very targeted and crafted to the kinds of banks that you are talking about in Elkhart, Kansas, but we do not often see that.    Mr. STANLEY. Would you like me to respond?    Mr. STANLEY. I think there are a couple things. First of all, with respect to consumer protection, if something happens that damages a consumer, it may not matter to that consumer whether that happened at the hands of a small bank or a large bank. I think the vast majority of cases, there is no intent to harm consumers, some of these rules that we are talking about--overdraft fees, things like that, the CARD act that affected credit cards. That probably does not affect you guys much. But, overdraft fees were a source of revenue for small banks. There were abuses in terms of overdraft fees and there were consumer protection things that were done to address that. Interchange fees. That is something there were complaints about from small businesses, but small banks had issues and problems with the regulatory changes that were made for interchange fees. That is one set of things on these consumer protection things.    I think in terms of prudential protections, we do have to remember that even if you do not threaten the national global financial system, you are dealing with insured deposits. There is a backstop, a government backstop behind those deposits, so there is an interest by the FDIC in prudential risk regulation as long as those insured deposits are there.