    Mr. Davis. It is good to be here. Good afternoon, Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify on FirstNet and the National Public Safety Broadband Network. As State CIO, I also chair the Multi-Agency Radio Communication System, or MARCS, and the Steering Committee, Ohio's land mobile radio system that supports voice and data communications for statewide public safety and emergency response. And I also chair Ohio's Next Generation 911 steering committee as well.    I first testified before you in November 2013 and expressed concerns that the Ohio General Assembly had about FirstNet. It called for this subcommittee to continue these meetings, and we commend you for doing so. I also expressed concerns relative to some key components that are necessary for success. FirstNet has been--has made significant progress in further defining and communicating the mitigation of these concerns. Regarding the State's relationship with FirstNet, it is important that FirstNet views this as a partnership. FirstNet has come a long way in this regard, and, over the past year and a half, many States have had the opportunity to meet with representatives from FirstNet and discuss issues and concerns. FirstNet's message has been clear. They are listening, reacting to our concerns. Ohio's FirstNet consultation was held last week, and by all accounts was a positive interaction.    From a planning and development perspective, States, including Ohio, have received planning grants to support stakeholder outreach, governance, and data collection activities in support of FirstNet. Ohio has been pursuing a regional, or a multi-State approach. The FEMA region, five States of Michigan, Minnesota, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Ohio, have long been partners in the pursuit of obtaining the best possible public safety communication networks for the region. Region 5 States met often on FirstNet, and we have found the same issues emerge for all of us, local control issues, leveraging existing systems, next generation 911 integration, and, of course, business models.    At our request, FirstNet participated in these meetings, and provided additional communication, and a consistency in their message regarding interactions with the State. Their outreach efforts are appreciated. Region 5 has taken steps to identify assets that support emergency responder communication to tower to other technical infrastructure. Of course, there are necessary legal, financial, and jurisdictional considerations when leveraging public infrastructure. Due to the complexity of these considerations, recent FirstNet discussions have been around foregoing leveraging State assets, which is understandable. These considerations, multiplied by 50 States, will take an enormous amount of time and effort. However, leveraging MARCS towers in Ohio could greatly assist in achieving NPSBN coverage necessary.    There are some continued concerns. The FirstNet business model is still somewhat undefined, and, based on recent discussions at our State consultation, it will be defined by the successful bidder through the RFP process. A sustainable business model is critical to know and understand, and building the cost recovery and usage rates will be instrumental in the adoption of this effort. The FirstNet Chief Financial Officer recently discussed a potential user fee of $30 a month, based on four to 13 million users. This sets an expected bar for fees, and is close to what some current service providers are charging, but FirstNet should provide as good or better service at an equal or lower cost. As Vice Chairman Latta knows, we have MARCS users today that indicate that they cannot afford the $20 a month fee we charge.    Additionally, further clarity around user community access and secondary use is required. Utilities are asking questions and making a strong case regarding priority access and spectrum for the critical data systems they support. Their inclusion as partners on the NPSBN could also provide sustainability for that future business model.    There continue to be concerns regarding coverage. Recent discussions have focused on the urban areas, with a phased approach to address rural and remote areas. Currently Ohio's marked service coverage is 97.5 percent of the State. We would expect at least the same from FirstNet in Ohio. I understand the reason for this current focus, but I am concerned in the long run the rural remote areas of the State will be underrepresented. I will continue to press for a FirstNet coverage plan and schedule that clearly extends to these areas in Ohio.    It is important to note that we are supportive of FirstNet and the Nationwide Public Safety broadband network. Ohio is uniquely positioned to take advantage of the significant opportunity to coordinate and converge multiple efforts. These efforts include the upgrade to our LMRS, MARCS, and Ohio's next generation 911 system. I look forward to our continued partnership with FirstNet, and ensure impacts to current initiatives are in alignment with Ohio's direction. Thank you for your time, and I will respond to any questions.    Mr. Davis. I think it is too early to tell, from a State perspective. Right now we are working through the technical requirements on how we would do that from a State perspective. Historically, that has come from local government, and we are trying to put guidance out to local government to make sure that they are following the standards and the----    Mr. Davis . Approach that we would take. I am excited to hear you have a 911 expert on your team, because I am sure we will be reaching out and trying to leverage the technology and the standards that you guys will be implementing.    Mr. Davis. Significantly improved.    Mr. Davis. I think----    Mr. Davis . In the last year----    Mr. Davis . And a half, in terms of the outreach, the collaboration, the communication, these 35 States--I mean, that says a lot, when you are going out and talking to the States.    Mr. Davis. And we do get together from--regional perspective. We get together from--even a national perspective, and we talk. And so that--and you know that, right? So the consistency of the message is very concerning for us to hear that, you know, somebody said something in a different State. And that message is clear. It--the collaboration, I think, is there. The integration and the communication has been consistent, and I think things are moving in the appropriate direction.    Mr. Davis. I think there is always room for more communication----    Mr. Davis . And transparency. I think it will be interesting to see the responses that come back from the     Mr. Davis . And the sharing of the information, and the----    Mr. Davis . Comments that come back from that. I think that will be a significant assistance and help.    Mr. Davis. Sure. There is a long history of communication between the States in the FEMA 5 Region. They all have land mobile radio systems that we share and share alike, and lessons that were learned in Minnesota are things that we, you know, don't have to break our teeth on, if you will, in another State, in Ohio, for example.    So that communication came out, and it was really more about making sure that we could be heard through the process. In the early days, in 2013, there were concerns that, as a State, our voice might be minimized, and we felt it as--moving into a regional approach like that, we could not be dismissed, when you start to talk about the population that is served, the towers and the infrastructure that is there, and the way that those land mobile radio systems are working today. So there have been very, very strong communication between all of those coordinators in those States.    Mr. Davis. I think it is starting to take some root, if you will. I think originally there were some----    Mr. Davis. I think originally--I think FirstNet was a little concerned, and this is my own perspective, I probably shouldn't say that, but I will. And then I think, as they began to see the opportunity, that that really brought it to the table, and we had FirstNet come to one of those region five meetings. And it is a great opportunity for us to hear the same things, and to get everything out on the table, and have that constructive debate on how this thing is going to come together. And so I think that regional approach has been helpful, and I think--I would hope that T.J. would say the same thing.    Mr. Davis. Well, I think right now, I think, with all the planning that is going on from each individual State, and that coalescing of all that information across the--at least the FEMA five regions, I think that is really on us to sort of get some of that together and make sure that we are getting it to FirstNet.    I think that the next steps are really the schedule, and how this thing comes out, and how it gets rolled out at some point in time. Because, again, like I said, I am concerned about the rural and remote areas of the State, to make sure that we have the appropriate coverages. I certainly understand the logic behind the approach that they are taking, but some of this can be done on parallel. We just need to make sure we are doing it.    Mr. Davis. Well, they are all interested to know what kind of coverage they are going to have to----    Mr. Davis. I think that they do assume that that is--I think the original message that was coming out of FirstNet in the very early days was consistent coverage across the entire country. And, you know, my--obviously our fervent hope is that that actually happens. But the question is the timing for those rural and remote areas is going to be critical, because--and that goes back to the business model as well, because how much are you willing to spend for what you are going to get form that out of the gate.    Mr. Davis. Actually, you know, the--Executive Director Kennedy has been pretty transparent. I think the more transparent they are, the more that we have--that conversation is going on, so that there isn't surprises in the end. And even if we know it may not be perfect, it is still better to know----    Mr. Davis . Early so that maybe we can assist in that process. But I think--right now I think everything seems to be rolling along fairly well. The proof will be in the pudding, as we get all of our planning documents together. There has been a lot of communication in Ohio with the--all different levels of first responders, the volunteer firemen, I mean, everybody. We have those meetings on a regional basis just within Ohio to communicate what is coming, and what they should be expecting, and what information we need from them so that we can be able to articulate that----    Mr. Davis. There are quite a few folks. I think there--right now, today, I think there is about 50,000 users on our system. The majority of those are coming out of public safety and State agencies, as well as the sheriff's office, and others, and local law enforcement and emergency response.    I think that right now our network doesn't handle the data requirements that you will see from FirstNet. I mean, that is the key, is getting access to the applications in a quick fashion. That push-to-talk component is a pretty critical thing. It is a closed system. We have other entities on there besides State and local government folks. I think the Federal Government has some process in there. But I think we have three towable towers that we pull in too when there are emergency situations.    But, for the most part, that is focused on really that push-to-talk communication piece, and nothing is more important than somebody outside, by himself, being able to press a button and get a response.