    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you for arranging this hearing on our public shipyards.    Admiral Whitney, thank you for being here today so early.    I very much appreciate what you are doing to try to maintain and enhance the readiness of our fleet. I am hopeful that the O-FRP and your plans with the shipyards can be implemented in a timely manner and will not suffer under a continuing resolution government shutdown, or sequestration-level budgets.    I am particularly interested in hearing what steps the Navy is taking to bring shipyard staffing up to the levels needed to increase productivity. How are you getting 4,500 new employees up to speed in critical technical areas?    And I also would like to hear specifics regarding infrastructure improvements for the public shipyards, including where the challenges lie, what is being done to meet those challenges, and how well funded the Navy's recapitalization plan is.    We must reset our readiness that has been degraded by years of constant engagement and high operational tempo, and ensure a stable and a predictable funding stream is available for these programs.    And I know the chairman and my colleagues on this subcommittee share that goal. And we look forward to hearing how you plan to ensure our readiness goals are met through engaging our public and private shipyards, and intermediate maintenance repair facilities.    And I yield back, and thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Admiral Whitney, how do you envision the role of shipyards like the one on Guam, which is more of a hybrid between a public and private yard? We essentially have established a government-owned contractor-operated construct. So how does this contribute to supporting the O-FRP and the backlog in ship maintenance?    Ms. Bordallo. So you don't think that it will add to the backlog, that it would----    Ms. Bordallo. All right.    Admiral Whitney, how do maintenance schedules for ships that support the carrier and expeditionary strike groups fit into the O-FRP concept? And isn't it just as important that the maintenance for those ships is done in a timely and cost-efficient manner to ensure the readiness of the strike groups?    Ms. Bordallo. And I have a third question, Mr. Chairman, that is all I have.    Much of our maintenance backlog has been driven by sequester-level budgeting. Now your future planning with O-FRP revolves around funding being restored to the program at the President's budget levels. What would the impact be if you were faced with another round of sequester-level funding?    And additionally, what are the restraints of your funding if it comes from OCO instead of base funding?    Ms. Bordallo. And maintenance?    Ms. Bordallo. All right, thank you. And I yield back.    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you. Thank you. I have just one question, Admiral, it has to do with the MSC ships, which are normally in our shipyard. Where does the maintenance of the MSC ships fall into the O-FRP process? And how does any delay in maintenance of the MSC ships affect the carrier strike group readiness?    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much, Admiral. And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.