    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Lew, it is good to have you here. You are doing a great job.    Mr. Scott. I want to keep the conversation for a moment on liquidity. It is a very serious issue. I am very concerned about it. A number of experts are registering great warnings about it. Liquidity, to me, is the key to protecting our financial system. It is also the key to being able to ascertain potential risks to our system. It sort of like provides us with a way to be able to not just look down the road for problems, but see them before they turn that corner.    So I also realize, and I think you would agree, you too are concerned about liquidity, correct?    Mr. Scott. Yes. And so the issue becomes, will this liquidity worsen as the economy worsens? And specifically, tell me what if there were another crisis? We don't want another crisis. After they finished the Depression, they said they didn't want another crisis. But as surely as we have a free enterprise system, it is free to go up, sideways, down, whatever.    So if we had another crisis, would the financial system, in your opinion, have the liquidity to be able to come to the assistance of our financial system the way it did in 2008 when healthier institutions, it helped us a lot, they had the liquidity, they were able to buy up institutions at IndyMac, Washington Mutual, Countrywide, and Lehman Brothers, rather than the government having to wind them down?    Mr. Scott. Let me ask you this other question. I don't have much time. But do you believe that there is any link between our anemic United States growth rate and the fact that our financial institutions have to hold so much capital in reserve rather than putting that capital back into the economic system to good use?    Mr. Scott. But do you see a link? Is there a causal--    Mr. Scott. Do you feel that these companies should have to hold as much capital in reserve as they are, and is that helping or damaging?    Mr. Scott. All right. Thank you, sir.