    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the witnesses for your testimony here today. And I was just listening to the gentleman from New York about the same hoops to buy a firearm as there is to get an abortion. I suggest, instead, in this city, for example, it's probably much easier to get an abortion than it is to buy a gun or to possess one or to transport one. And that's true also in many States, including Chicago, for example, where we've seen a lot of deaths and desecration that comes from violence there that doesn't seem to be troubling the minority party either.    But I'm looking through your testimony, Ms. Fredrickson, and I notice there that in your testimony you say that you list the numbers of lifesaving breast exams, the number of women whose cancer was detected early, 500,000 exams, 88,000 women whose cancer was detected earlier, very likely did save lives in doing that. I didn't notice--oh, and also that it had prevented an estimated 516,000 unintended pregnancies and 217,000 abortions every year. I haven't seen Planned Parenthood produce a number that actually took credit for the number of abortions prevented--excuse me, the number--yeah, the number of abortions prevented, neither did I see in this testimony the number of abortions that Planned Parenthood does in a normal year. Could you tell me what that number would be?    Mr. King. What would the typical price be for a typical abortion?    Mr. King. And could I just then, state, I will, off their Web site, $1,500. And when I punch that through my calculator, it was 340,000 was the number I used, rather than 350, but we're in the ballpark, and at $1,500 each, that turned out to be $510 million. And $510 million happens to be very close to identical to the exact number of the appropriations that would go into Planned Parenthood should the appropriations go forward, which it has out of this House at least for a couple of months. And it's hard for me to accept the idea that this is a nonprofit organization.    And I would turn to Ms. Thayer. Your testimony spoke to that. Seeing those kind of numbers, Ms. Thayer, could you be convinced that Planned Parenthood is nonprofit?    Mr. King. Could you say clearly here in your testimony with confidence that in your years working for Planned Parenthood that even though Planned Parenthood has filed as a nonprofit, that they are profit driven?    Mr. King. That's clearly a distinct profit that most businesses would like to see in their margins.    I would like to turn, again, to Ms. Fredrickson. And I recall in your testimony you talk about the gap that would be created if we didn't fund Planned Parenthood. And would you say that there's no way to fill the gap of services that you testified, that there's not a way to fill that gap some other way?    Mr. King. Tell me, if you would, how did Planned Parenthood grow into this, ``service,'' and into this gap that can't be created another way? Are you submitting then that free enterprise and demand and transportation and funding and resources wouldn't grow another entity or two or three or four or five that would fill the same demand that you're saying that Planned Parenthood only can fill?    Mr. King. What do you think would happen?    Mr. King. I just suspect that the witness hasn't considered how this comes together, how free enterprise moves and accepts Medicaid checks, et cetera, how the clinic system works, how the healthcare providers are able to take a look at the marketplace and supply a demand. And I suggest that that would be supplied without any great concern, and I would yield back.    Mr. King. Mr. Chairman----    Mr. King . Reserving my right to object, there was a unanimous consent request to enter the information into the record. The gentleman had his opportunity to object at the time the information was----    Mr. King . Entered into the record. And I object to his motion as being out of order.    Mr. King. I have the floor.    Mr. King. No.    Mr. King. Would the gentleman yield?