    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here.    I want to talk about a specific issue of privacy: Surveillance by government. That's what I'm talking about. Not cybersecurity or any of those issues. Let's focus on that one issue.    To me, the United States has always been the world leader in privacy. We have a Fourth Amendment that you're all familiar with. Many countries, maybe most don't have such a concept as the Fourth Amendment, protection against unreasonable searches and seizures by government.    Mr. Atkinson, you talked about the Europeans use privacy as an excuse for really protectionism. I want to delve in this a little further and, talk about and ask you your opinion. There are three issues that we have regarding government surveillance on Americans. And if the perception of the Europeans is that America doesn't protect the right of privacy, perception, whether it's reality or not, is part of the reason we have this issue with the Europeans.    And one of those is the concept of the FISA courts; the second is surveillance under 702 warrants; the third is backdoor searches, and encryption that government may encourage our businesses to have into their systems; and the fourth is EPCA, whether it should be reformed or hasn't been reformed.    Those four issues to me, and I'm a former judge, are issues where it seems that government intrusion in those four areas and the failure for us, Congress, to redefine or define the Fourth Amendment to make sure it applies in those four areas or not may be part of the problem we have with dealing with foreign countries on the issues that you've all talked about.    So my question is--and I want all five of you to weigh in on this, I just want your opinion--does Congress, in your opinion, need to look at each of those four issues, those four areas where government surveillance on citizens is allowed, and fix that problem, or look at those four issues? What do you think about that issue as regarding government surveillance on citizens and the effect it has on businesses being able to have the free flow of data around the world?    So that's really the only question I have, and I'd like to just start and go down the row and see what you all think about that.    Mr. Poe. I know other countries don't observe the concept of the Fourth Amendment, but we do in this country.    Mr. Poe. And I just want to know if that is a factor in this entire discussion.    Any others? We've got just about a minute left or less than that to weigh in on that.    Mr. Poe. Anybody else?    Well, I'm going to yield back my 9 seconds.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chair.