    Mr. Stoffler. Chairman Bridenstine, Ranking Member Bonamici, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you----    Mr. Stoffler. Let me start again then. Chairman Bridenstine, Ranking Member Bonamici, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you this morning to discuss space-based environmental monitoring and the partnerships that ensure accurate and timely forecast capabilities.    Air Force weather is comprised of people, systems, and processes that together deliver unique services to the joint war fighter United States Air Force and the United States Army. Air Force's weather primary mission is centered on analyzing and forecasting global weather and solar impacts on military and combat operations. We strive to minimize the impact of weather threats to friendly forces while simultaneously capitalizing on weather conditions that maximize the operational advantage over enemy forces and exploit enemy weaknesses.    We achieve our mission with total force airmen, uniformed and civil servants around the world, educated and trained on space and weather impacts to the war fighting mission. Our airmen serve in capacities requiring combat field skills, move-shoot communicate skills, combat lifesaver qualifications, and Army airborne and special operations parachutist competencies. We develop theater weather-sensing strategies for each operation and leverage all appropriate available data sets. We minimize data gaps by deploying Air Force tactical weather centers and incorporating data from nontraditional weather sources to develop the environmental picture of the battle space.    We achieve this through cooperative engagements with our coalition partners, military-to-military engagements, national and international cooperation, and Department of Defense unique programs. We analyze and assimilate this data into our operational centers and our numerical models to present a unified forecast to the coalition war fighting team for multiple security classification levels.    The war fighter receives a timely and consistent battle space weather picture in the planning and execution phases of an operation that addresses strategic operational and tactical needs.    In the post-combat portion of operations, we work to normalize the impact to nations by training personnel and restoring basic meteorological services, which allows the Department of Defense to withdraw its resources to be ready for the next engagement.    Fundamental to nearly all military operations and all levels of the military decision-making process is the information and data provided by weather satellites. We fully recognize that the American private sector can provide technological advances and research in the science of our craft to provide an essential element to our weather enterprise. While this progress is exciting, we must balance our portfolio with constraints in human capital, physical means, and prioritization to ensure our future capabilities directly correlate to the combat commanders' war fighting needs.    Thank you again for the opportunity and privilege to testify before you today. I'm happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Stoffler. Chairman, I appreciate that question. And certainly you're very correct. We were planning all along that the Europeans would provide us the capabilities over the Indian Ocean. They, like us, have their own priorities and they had to make a change to their plans. When we were first informed of that possibility, we looked at all alternative options that were out there.    Certainly, there are other geostationary capabilities over the Indian Ocean and particularly provided both by Russia and China. Our systems are capable of receiving Chinese data, and we did an evaluation of that. When we determined the potential of hackings that took place at NOAA, we locked our systems down. We had the CIO of the Air Force evaluate the situation, and we were told unless this data was really highly operationally needed, we should not use it.    We then went to the Director of Operations to determine if we should use it, and the answer was clearly no. Once we were told that Chinese data is off the table, we had to find another alternative.    At that point in time, we began several actions. One was to go back to the Joint Staff and advise them of this change. We provided briefings, and we also began an outreach on the military side to work with our allies to see what they could do to convince our European allies to move over, and of course we outreached to our NOAA partners to see what they could do to help us in that regard.    I think we've been very successful, and the end result is we now have what I would call a multi-pronged attack to resolve that problem. First, as you've already said yourself, Europe has been most cooperative. Meteosat-8 is being moved over. It's going to cover the critical components of our operations in Syria and Iraq. We will experience a short gap over eastern Afghanistan, and our plan there is to work cooperatively with India to use Indian data to close that gap.    Mr. Stoffler. We don't think that we're really going to have a gap. Right now, India--the Indian satellite is already operational. It's already there. The data is already available here in the United States at a variety of universities. It's a matter of getting here quicker and more efficiently so we can use it operationally.    Mr. Stoffler. And we're working in conjunction with our NOAA partners to make that happen for us, so we feel very positive that we're going to be able to do that.    Mr. Stoffler. I think certainly at my level we had a lot of informal talks and what the best way forward was, but we didn't really reach out to NOAA formally until after we had made the decision that the Chinese data set would not be able to be used. At that point in time the Air Force A3 wrote a letter to NOAA, NESDIS in particular, asking to see if NOAA could help us possibly moving a spare NOAA satellite over the Indian Ocean.    Mr. Stoffler. Certainly from my perspective, Mr. Chairman, is that there are a significant number of coordination activities that take place already. We've got the Joint Center for Data Assimilation. We also work with the Development Testbed Center, so certainly at my level and below there's lots of coordination that takes place. I find that very effective.    During the NPOESS era, we actually had a meeting similar to that, a senior users' group meeting where NOAA, NASA, and the DOD got together pretty routinely to discuss things in a very high-level. As you have already attested yourself, the result of that wasn't necessarily positive so I'm not convinced that adding another level of high-level bureaucracy is going to improve the process.    Mr. Stoffler. That's correct.    Mr. Stoffler. If you're making reference to the defense meteorological satellite program, we have seven different sensors on there, and they collect weather information as well as space weather information.    Mr. Stoffler. Specifically, we have a sounder, we have----    Mr. Stoffler. The sounder is something where we collect information regarding remote sensing of the atmosphere. This is data that you would incorporate into the models. The key essential that we have on DMSP is the EO/IR capability where we actually take pictures of the atmosphere to see the clouds, specifically visible imagery and infrared imagery.    Mr. Stoffler. I'd have to give you a precise breakdown at another time, sir.    Mr. Stoffler. Well, I mean, the primary mission is we take the actual pictures, the IR and the vis, and we incorporate it into a cloud depiction forecasting system. That is the primary purpose of the DMSP. We use the sounding data and we incorporate it into our models from a data simulation perspective, and we use the space weather centers in--to support of our ionospheric modeling system. So those three are the primary areas.    Mr. Stoffler. From the satellite perspective, we use the data in two aspects. One, clouds are very, very important to the war fighter, so if I'm sitting in the AOR and I'm planning a mission or strike and the air operations center wants to know five or six hours from now where are the clouds going to be, where's the cloud-free line of sight, where am I going to hit the target, DMSP provides this data were we can forecast and where those cloud-free areas are going to be. So from an RPA perspective, from a strike perspective, from a bombing perspective, that's where that helps.    The sounding data we use for the long-range forecasts out to 10 days to actually create numerical weather prediction on the bigger range weather features.    The other thing which the DMSP is very critical for is in the execution phase. If you want to know where a haboob is going to be or where you're going to have severe thunderstorm activity, again from an execution point of view, that's what we use that data for. And we make the data available via the DCGS backbone so they can actually see it downrange.    Mr. Stoffler. Yes.    Mr. Stoffler. We use that information each and every day.    Mr. Stoffler. We use it in, we use it in, we use it in CENTCOM, we use it in PACOM, we use it in SOUTHCOM.    Mr. Stoffler. Okay. I would say that at Kabul, for example, we would use that. At Bagram Air Force Base we would use that. We would use it over Syria. We would use it over our operations in Iraq. We would use it over places in Russia. We also use it in South America. We use it in Korea, and it's used in northern Europe. So basically any place where there's a DOD operation going on, we would use that data.    Mr. Stoffler. We have some counter-drug operations in South America, and we actually have a few weather teams deployed down there.    Mr. Stoffler. I would not say that it's ad hoc. Our mission is very focused OCONUS on military operations.    Mr. Stoffler. I think you need to look at what I would call the international plan. From an international point of view, from a data-providing point of view, NOAA certainly provides from our perspective the two geostationary satellites, GOES East, GOES West. We use the two European satellites, and we use a Japanese satellite. We also use a European one. So I think there is an international plan of distribution of responsibilities regarding data collections.    Mr. Stoffler. Thank you for that question, sir, and yes, we are. We are pursuing all of them. When we did the analysis, we reviewed the initial requirements of the NPOESS program. We revalidated 11 of the 12 original requirements as having clear military utility, and then we determined that a significant number of the needs that we had could be met by existing national and international assets, so we're focused on--only on buying material capabilities for gaps 3, 8, and 11, i.e., tropical cyclone monitoring, ocean vector winds, and the space-based energetic charged particle sensors.    Mr. Stoffler. No question, yes, it is.    Mr. Stoffler. Well, I can certainly echo, sir, what was already mentioned, having been part of the NPOESS program. We tend to want to really build capabilities, which advances of the future. So if you make requirements that take you far in advance, there's increased risk. And if you look at DMSP, when you go from a capability that has two channels and you try to go to 24 channels, that really causes a lot of risk. So certainly from the DOD perspective, if you state requirements which are reasonable and allow you to do what you need to do, that's a key way of controlling cost.    Mr. Stoffler. You are right on the money, Mr. Chairman. Those capabilities would be very valuable to us, and we are waiting with great anticipation when that data becomes available.    Mr. Stoffler. We have what's called a CRADA, a relationship with a variety of different organizations, both government and industry, which we can leverage to advance these types of capabilities. We've also done--just like NOAA has, our program office has gone out and done a request for information to see what's available out there. And as you've already indicated, our biggest issue right now is that there is nothing to buy. So we're waiting for that to happen.    Mr. Stoffler. I'd have to speak to our acquisition agents to give you a proper read on that, sir.    Mr. Stoffler. Yes, sir, I am.    Mr. Stoffler. Sir, at this particular time we're meeting the national space policy objectives as long as DMSP continues to be in orbit. Final decisions haven't been made on weather satellite follow-on, but if we launch WSF in the morning orbit, I believe that we're meeting the objectives of national space policy.    Mr. Stoffler. I appreciate that question, Chairman, and again, you're right on the money. We are indeed going down that pathway. The first example of that is already what we're doing with gap 11. We're going to build a very small space weather, and instead of sticking it on to one big huge weather satellite, we're going to add that particular sensor to all future Air Force satellites. So by using disaggregation and placing individual weather sensors onto existing satellites, I think we can get a better picture, a higher refresh rate, and bring down overall costs and of course have more resiliency in the constellation as well.    Mr. Stoffler. I would be inclined to say that you probably could, but again, it would be to our acquisition experts to make that determination.    Mr. Stoffler. Again, a very critical question, and I appreciate that, Mr. Chairman. Certainly on the DOD side we recognize that. We have developed an architectural design to revamp our entire computing system to increase computing capacity, remove legacy systems. We're going to a 4D-Var assimilation scale, and we certainly believe that by the 2021 time frame our new architecture will be able to do all the things that you've addressed.    Mr. Stoffler. I think from an Air Force perspective we've developed the plan. The Air Force has been very supportive, and we're on path by 2021 to meet our objectives.