    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Consumer protection is important to a well-functioning and sustainable financial marketplace. However, consumer protection must be done in a smart, tailored, and politically--excuse me.    Mr. Chairman, could I start over?    Mr. Neugebauer. Yes. Consumer protection is important to a well-functioning and sustainable financial marketplace, however consumer protection must be done in a smart, tailored, and politically neutral manner. It should not be used to advance ideological policies. If the pendulum of consumer protection swings too far you have nothing left to protect.    Today, we are approaching the 5-year anniversary of the Dodd-Frank Act which created the CFPB. Unfortunately, since its creation I see an agency that has yet to prove it can function in a sustainable manner. Its actions have demonstrated a lack of transparency and a lack of accountability. It has demonstrated that it is susceptible to political influence, bringing into question whether it is independent.    Some of my Democratic colleagues will allege that Republicans want to get rid of the CFPB. I look back over the last 5 years and see a field of proposals to restructure the CFPB, not to get rid of it.    This week I will introduce the first of several bills to refocus the CFPB. Perhaps one of the most important reforms is to introduce a balanced and consultative process into the decision-making process.    Many have forgotten that Elizabeth Warren, our former colleague Barney Frank, and even the President originally supported a board leadership structure. Today, I hope to reflect and focus on what consumer protection means for credit availability, the cost of credit, and consumer choice.    I remain concerned that many of the Bureau's actions demonstrate a regulatory paternalism which assumes that the American consumer doesn't know how to make the right choices for themselves. It is a dangerous scenario when the government bureaucrats start making decisions for the American people.    In my district there is a single mom with three kids who uses prepaid cards to budget finances, and overdraft protection for an occasional cash shortage scenario. This single mom is barely in the financial mainstream.    I know that each of you has constituents who face these financial circumstances, and as the Bureau moves forward with the rulemaking in these areas, we must truly understand the qualitative and the quantitative costs and benefits of each rule.    Consumer protection doesn't happen in a vacuum. New regulations and regulatory actions have real consequences for real people. If the marketplace is not allowed to innovate, doesn't have clear rules of the road, and is steered into politically influenced areas, the consumer may lose.    Today, we start examining whether the pendulum of consumer protection is starting to swing too far.    Mr. Neugebauer . Thanks, gentlemen.    The Chair recognizes himself for 5 minutes.    Director Cordray, thank you for being here. As you know, the CFPB is in the process of a major rulemaking for prepaid cards. And as you and I have previously discussed, I have serious concerns about the Bureau's direction in the rulemaking. In particular, I am concerned about the new structure and limitation placed on the overdrive features of prepaid cards and that this could possibly force some of these issuers to discontinue some of the features of their products. And I am very concerned that at some point in time, it would limit some of the choices for consumers.    Recently one of my constituents, Gracey from Lubbock, actually wrote to the CFPB to discuss her use of prepaid cards and overdraft protection, and I want to read her comments.    ``As a single mother of three children, sometimes funds run tight. With the overdraft protection on my prepaid card, I have a little breathing room between paychecks and for that I am very grateful.    ``I have been a prepaid user for almost 5 years now and I would love to continue to utilize this service. But if the overdraft protection coverage is no longer offered, it will absolutely put a strain on our already strained finances.    ``I choose to have overdraft protection on my prepaid card. I believe I should have the right to choose to utilize the services such as overdraft protection. Please ensure that the final CFPB rules allow me to choose the features that are most beneficial to my needs.''    I think the question that I have is, as you are looking into this rulemaking process, how are you balancing consumer protection with a high demand in product usage for prepaid cards and the overdraft protection. Obviously, this young woman needs that, has been utilizing it, and she has a pretty difficult task anyway of being a single mom raising three kids.    Mr. Neugebauer. I think the question then is, when you sit down and you start looking at this rulemaking, do you sit down with industry and say, ``Walk me through how your customers are using this product?'' So instead of thinking about it from the regulatory standpoint of, ``You must be doing something that we don't like. We are just trying to figure out what that is,'' that when you sit down, you analyze how this young woman is using that card and how important that is to her. And in other words, she feels like things are pretty good because she has been doing this for 5 years.    Mr. Neugebauer. Did the Bureau do a qualitative and quantitative analysis of the cost and benefit analysis of this rule?    Mr. Neugebauer. Very quickly, the CFPB is in the midst of implementing a new major rule for Truth in Lending disclosures and disclosures on RESPA which would be integrated effective August 1st.    Mr. Neugebauer. There is a lot of concern out there in the industry that having new programs, integrating that so that the servicers and the closers and the lenders are all--have the system in place. I think there is a question of whether we can be ready for primetime by August 1st. Would you be amenable to a 60-day non-enforcement window once the rule becomes, in fact, effective so that--making sure the industry has had an opportunity to adequately implement the system?    Mr. Neugebauer. My time has expired. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California, the ranking member, for 7 minutes.