    Mr. Ross. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank the panel for being here.    In 1973, it seemed like a good idea that we would carve out from an all-perils policy flood insurance. It just seemed like the thing to do at the time on behalf of consumers. As we fast forward to today, it is somewhat akin to carved-out cardiology coverage under a health insurance policy and led to terrible results and not to the benefit of the consumer. So trying to put these back together, I think, is not necessarily a function of the Federal Government, but more a function of those who are willing to put at risk their capital to make sure that they can not only manage that risk but to do so at the benefit of the consumer.    Mr. Ellis, you talk in your testimony about an all-perils policy, that including flood into an all-perils policy may, quite frankly, not only engage the consumer into wanting to buy flood insurance at a cheaper price because they will have limited risk, but, yet, the price of it would be so much cheaper that we in fact may cover more people through the privatization of flood insurance than putting it into an all-perils policy. Would you expound on that?    Mr. Ross. And more sharing or pooling of the risk across?    Mr. Ross. Right. In August of 2015, FEMA stated in their reinsurance study that, ``Reinsuring a portion of the NFIP's insurance risk would be a logical step toward privatization and could provide an additional lever in the financial management of the NFIP.''    To your knowledge, has the NFIP or FEMA attempted to broaden or cede their exposure to the reinsurance markets?    Mr. Ross. And if I might, Ms. Templeton-Jones?    Mr. Ross. Good. And is it your understanding that there is capacity in the reinsurance markets to take a significant portion of this risk?    Mr. Ross. Let's talk, Ms. Templeton-Jones, about the process that was alluded to earlier. Let's assume, because I have a good friend of mine who is a registered land surveyor, site work contractor, back home, who lives in a house on a hill, that the base of the hill is in a flood plain; there is this structures, but he is 20 feet above. He has all the documentation because he can do it himself, but it is not worth his time and effort to challenge FEMA about his flood map, and so he is buying flood insurance. Do you believe that if you were to put capital in the market from private companies, a consumer would have a better opportunity, a better due process, and a better result if they were able to prove their home was no longer in a flood zone?    Mr. Ross. It is.    Mr. Ross. And manage that risk better. In other words, to be able to help the consumer mitigate their exposure.    Mr. Woods, you talked about how you would build a home, the site you would build above the flood zone, and you could contour the land. For every $1 that we spend in mitigation pre-events funding, we save $4 in disaster relief. What this big parcel is--not getting rid of NFIP. That is not our goal. Our goal, as Mr. Ellis pointed out, is to make it residual market. We did this in Florida to a great degree as a bad example for several years in windstorm, but what we have done is we have been able to create a residual market and create a competitive market so that consumers can get the best product at the best price. That entails the private market.    Mapping is not an exclusive function of FEMA. If we put private capital into the market, I submit to you, you would see so much technology come into the game to be able to map not only better but more granularly because the capital that is put at risk wants to be managed better. Would anybody disagree with that?    Mr. Ross. Thank you.    My time is up. I yield back.