    Mr. Huizenga. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Secretary Castro. I have a lot of ground that I want to cover. Just to tell you very briefly, I come from western Michigan which is a mix of sort of gentrified suburban and urban, and very, very rural. In fact, one of the 10 poorest counties in the Nation resides in my district. And I am concerned about buyers, not the builders' organizations, not the REALTORS' organizations, and in fact, I am a former REALTOR, and I am still part of homebuilders' organizations locally.    I am not concerned about the lenders. I am not concerned about the title companies or the attorneys, and certainly not the guarantors such as FHA because all of those people are simply vehicles for the families who are trying to realize a dream. And I care about them. I care about those buyers who are in there. I was actively involved in real estate in the late 1980s through the late 1990s, and saw 20 percent down became 10 percent down, became 5 percent down, became 0 percent down, and it is indelibly marked in my brain.    At the first closing I went to--and we are not talking about big massive houses--they slid a check across to the seller and to the buyer and it was a 120 percent loan to value. And I cannot allow, with all that is in my power, us to slide back in there. I wanted people in homes. Your historical role has been to help those low- and middle-income families. I understand it is maybe not statutorily what you are supposed to do, and I think with a $600,000-and-some-odd loan to value, it is hard to argue that is low- and moderate-income. But I want people in homes because it adds to stability if they can keep their home.    And probably the most satisfying moment I ever had in my real estate career was when I got Jill--Jill had become a friend of the family, and Jill's husband had left her and she was in a mobile home--into her first home with her two kids. Jill, and frankly, me, were crying at the closing because of what this meant for her and for her kids. And I had to sit there, and as her kids are kind of like what is going on with mom, right, I had to explain to her why that was so important for that. And the downturn ruined people of all creeds, color, and frankly, economic status. We can't repeat this.    And it is not about your balance sheet, frankly. It is not about the bank's balance sheet. It is not about the business for the REALTORS and for the developers and the builders. It is for their sakes that people are trying to get in there. Now, you have stated the premiums are too high. But in April of 2014, in a Washington Post interview, FHA Commissioner Carol Galante said, ``I don't think that we have reached a tipping point though, and I can clearly say we are not going to continue to increase premiums. But it is also not a time to do a wholesale rollback of the premiums. FHA's financial condition is not where it should yet be.''    I am concerned that there is kind of a two-tiered system here as well. FHA is exempt from the qualified mortgage rule, the QM rule that the CFPB has been putting out. And if it is good enough for our community banks and our credit unions, why would it not be good enough for FHA? The most basic thing that I learned when I got my REALTOR'S license is that people aren't brown, they are not yellow, they are not white, they are not red; they are green. People are green. They can either afford it, or they can't afford it. All right? And I am afraid that the actions that FHA has put forward are sending us back on a path where people are going to be potentially ruined.    I would like to hear from you in the remaining few moments here why you believe that this is the right direction to go, and why not serving those low- and moderate-income families, why that can't be done in the private sector when you have consumed so much of that marketplace, and are exempt from some of the rules, and as my friend Blaine Luetkemeyer has pointed out, exempt from any of the sort of regulatory boundaries that are put in place for our credit unions and our community banks that service these people?    Mr. Huizenga. That is not going to be the reality of it, and my time has expired.