    Ms. McSally. The Committee on Homeland Security's Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to examine DHS's efforts to secure the border and effectively measure border security.    Before I begin, I just want to take the opportunity to thank Mrs. Miller, the former Chairman of the subcommittee, for her more than 5 years of superb leadership on this subcommittee and the opportunity that has been provided to me to lead this subcommittee. She has been an outspoken advocate and champion for the border, visa, and maritime security, and fought tirelessly for enhancements in the Visa Waiver Program that were enacted into law in December. Just a few days ago, the President signed the first-ever CBP Authorization Act, authored by Mrs. Miller, and signed that into law.    I can say our security is much stronger because of the work of Chairman Miller. I want to yield some time to Chairman Miller.    Ms. McSally. Thanks, Chairman Miller. I just want to say I am thankful for your tremendous leadership and honored for your willingness to selflessly provide me this opportunity. I know I have huge shoes to fill, and I will do everything I can every day in order to make sure that we follow in your footsteps. But I really appreciate the opportunity that you are providing me. So thank you.    Okay. I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    Securing the border is ultimately one of the most important responsibilities of the Federal Government. The instability and chaos that drug cartels foster pose National security problems and public safety threats that endanger border communities. In fact, later this month marks the sixth anniversary of the death of Robert Krentz, a Cochise County resident, slain on his ranch roughly 30 miles north of the border.    In southern Arizona, we are impacted by border insecurity every day--property destroyed, militarized-like checkpoints on our roads, and the fear of violence from transnational criminal organizations, or TCOs, running drug loads through our communities. The reality and perception of insecurity near the border also has negative impacts for businesses and tourism in border regions, suppressing an already struggling economy.    The very same pathways and smuggling routes that facilitate the illicit flow of people and drugs could also, potentially, be used for terror, making it critical that we quickly gain control of the situation along the border.    While progress has been made on the border over the last 25 years, there is much more work to be done. There is a reason many Americans do not trust the Department when it comes to border security. They rightly worry that the Department will twist the numbers and give a false sense of security.    Border security measures recently put out by the Department will do little to overcome this deficit of trust. Customs and Border Protection reported that it was 81 percent effective on the Southwest Border last year. That sounds impressive, especially when compared to previous measures that indicate around 44 percent of the border was under operational control.    These new effectiveness numbers are hard to believe and I believe are inaccurate measures of the state of security on the border. The new interdiction effectiveness rates include unaccompanied children and families from countries other than Mexico who turn themselves in, inflating that number. It also fails to take into account the number that Border Patrol never sees, or the denominator, which also inflates this effectiveness number. The best analytical research, using all available data on interdiction effectiveness, puts the true probability of apprehension much closer to about 50 percent.    Finally, the numbers don't tell us where the illicit activity was intercepted, which can sometimes be 100 miles or deeper into the United States, putting border communities in danger as traffickers transit our communities before they are caught.    There are probably no better indicators of the effectiveness than the price and availability of illicit drugs. We have an alarming drug addiction epidemic in this country, and it is only getting worse, impacting communities and families across the Nation.    Families grappling with tragedy tell heartbreaking stories of how their loved ones fell into addiction and how cheap and easy it was for them to get these illicit drugs. The price and availability of these drugs across the country demonstrate they still move across the border with relative ease.    We must move beyond the political rhetoric that, on the one hand, says the border is out of control, while, on the other hand, says it is more secure than ever and everything is just fine. But the only way to do that is being transparent when it comes to security on the border. We all know the truth is somewhere in between, but the American people don't know where in between it is. So that just adds to the challenges and the frustrations.    The truth is we have been given an incomplete picture as it relates to the situation on the border, and we cannot verifiably say where between those two ends of the spectrum we actually are. That is the heart of the problem. For too long, the U.S. Government has pushed the narrative that because we catch a lot of people, or in some cases not many at all, or have doubled the number of agents, or built miles of fence, that the border must be secure.    That is just activity masquerading as effectiveness and lacks the important denominator. The Border Patrol cannot determine how many people we are not catching or detecting.    Assessing if the billions of taxpayer dollars spent every year are actually effective at securing the border is a more productive and transparent way to look at border security. Can we stop drug cartels from moving their poison freely across our border? Is CBP catching the overwhelming number of people who cross the border illegally, and not just the ones they see? What about the ones we don't see?    Of the illegal activity detected, how many were never caught? Of those apprehended, how many were within a half a mile of the border? How many were up to 25 miles? How many were up to 100 miles? This actually matters, because if you are living in that area, where it gets caught actually impacts the public safety concerns for you and your family.    What about the flow of weapons and money that goes south across the border to fuel the TCOs' illicit activity? Do people along the border feel safe? How much of the illegal activity is detected and caught by State and local law enforcement versus CBP? Do border, State, and local first responders assess that the border is secure? What is the actual effectiveness of the checkpoints placed well inside our country?    What percent of the 1,954 miles of southern land border does CBP have 100 percent situational awareness of, where if something or someone approaches or moves across the border, they will see it? This is a question I have been trying to get the answer to for a very long time. What percentage of those miles do they have operational control of, where agents can successfully interdict the activity once it is detected?    Are the sensors, towers, and checkpoints, unmanned aerial vehicles, manned aircraft, are they assisting our agents to further these goals?    Those are the real measures of effectiveness the American people can understand and need to know. I believe today's hearing is the first step we must take to continue to develop a complete understanding of what is actually happening at the Southern Border, commonly known as situational awareness. We use this term a lot in the military, by the way, and its acronym is SA. How is your SA? Is your SA high? Is your SA low? What percentage of SA do you have?    Achieving situational awareness will require extensive use of technology. The border is too long and the terrain too rough and inaccessible in some places to be everywhere at once. But it will also take concentrating our agents closer to the border and rapid reaction forces to quickly move agents to intercept the activity once detected, before anyone becomes a public safety threat to our communities.    It boils down to this: Do we know where the drug cartels are beating us so we can adjust deployment of our technology and agents to meet that threat? If the answer is no, we don't have situational awareness along the border.    Once we fully understand the threat and the gaps in our awareness and our capabilities, we can move quickly, together, to address them. But without that, we are essentially flying blind. As a pilot, no one wants to do that. That cannot continue.    The time has come to adequately measure situational awareness and effectiveness so we know where we are and, more importantly, where we need to go. I am looking forward to hearing from our witnesses today on CBP's plans to achieve situational awareness on the border and provide Congress with suitable metrics.    Ms. McSally. The Chair now recognizes the Acting Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Higgins, for any statement he may have. He just broke his microphone.    Ms. McSally. The gentleman yields. Other Members of the committee are reminded opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Ms. McSally. We are pleased to be joined by three distinguished witness today to discuss this important issue.    Ronald Vitiello is the acting chief of the U.S. Border Patrol. As its chief operating officer, he is responsible for the daily operations of the U.S. Border Patrol and assists the commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in planning and directing Nation-wide enforcement. Chief Vitiello began his Border Patrol career in 1985 and has served in Swanton, Tucson, and Laredo sectors.    General Randolph Alles is the executive assistant commissioner for CBP's Office of Air and Marine, a position he has held since January 2013. In this role, Mr. Alles is charged with overseeing the AMO mission of using aviation and maritime assets to detect, interdict, and prevent acts of terrorism and unlawful movement of drugs and other contraband from entering the United States. Before joining AMO, he spent 35 years in the United States Marine Corps, retiring in 2011 as a major general.    Rebecca Gambler is director of the U.S. Government Accountability Office's Homeland Security and Justice Team, where she leads GAO's work on border security, immigration, and the Department of Homeland Security's management and transformation. Prior to joining GAO, Ms. Gambler worked at the National Endowment for Democracy's International Forum for Democratic Studies.    The witnesses' full written statements will appear in the record.    The Chair now recognizes Chief Vitiello for 5 minutes to testify.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Chief Vitiello.    The Chair now recognizes General Alles for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, General Alles.    The Chair now recognizes Ms. Gambler for 5 minutes.    Ms. Gambler. Good morning, Chairman McSally, Ranking Member Higgins, and Members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to testify at today's hearing to discuss GAO's work on Department of Homeland Security actions to deploy resources and measure progress in its efforts to secure U.S. borders.    Today, I will focus my remarks on 2 key areas in which GAO has assessed DHS's efforts to secure our Nation's borders. First, I will highlight our work reviewing DHS efforts to deploy resources to the Southwest Border and to measure the effectiveness of those resources. Second, I will discuss GAO's work reviewing DHS performance measures for achieving situational awareness and border security.    With regard to my first point, DHS has deployed agents in a variety of technological, tactical, and other resources to the Southwest Border. For example, between fiscal years 2004 and 2015, Border Patrol increased the number of agents on the Southwest Border from about 9,000 to over 17,000. CBP has also made progress toward deploying programs under the Arizona Border Surveillance Technology Plan, including fixed and mobile surveillance systems, agent portable devices, and ground sensors, and these technologies have aided CBP's border security efforts.    While these resource deployments have been positive, CBP could do more to strengthen its management of Southwest Border security resources and better assess the contributions of these resources to border security efforts. For example, CBP has identified the mission benefits of surveillance technologies, such as improved situational awareness and agent safety. CBP has already begun requiring Border Patrol to record data within its database on whether or not an asset, such as a camera, assisted in an apprehension or seizure.    These are positive steps toward helping CBP assess the contributions of its surveillance technologies to border security. However, CBP needs to develop and implement performance measures and analyze data it is now collecting to be able to fully assess the contributions of its technologies to border security.    Further, with regard to air and marine assets, in 2012 we reported that Air and Marine Operations could better ensure that its mix and placement of assets were effective and efficient by, for example, more clearly linking deployment decisions to mission needs and threats, documenting analyses used to support decisions on the mix and placement of assets, and considering how deployments of border technology affect requirements for air and marine assets at cross locations. We found that these steps were needed to help CBP better determine the extent to which its allocation decisions were effective in addressing customer needs and threats.    With regard to my second point, Border Patrol has not yet fully developed goals and measures for assessing efforts and identifying resource needs to secure the border. Through fiscal year 2010, DHS's goal and measure for border security was operational control, defined as the ability to detect, respond to, and address cross-border illegal activity across all U.S. border miles.    After this time, DHS transitioned to using the number of apprehensions on the Southwest Border between ports of entry as an interim performance goal and measure. We previously reported that this measure provided some useful information but did not position the Department to be able to report on how effective its efforts were at securing the border, resulting in reduced oversight and accountability.    DHS has discontinued use of these measures and has begun using other measures, such as the rate of recidivism and the rate of effectiveness in responding to illegal activity. The Border Patrol is also in the process of developing other goals and measures. However, it has not yet set target time frames for completing its efforts across all borders, as we have recommended.    While DHS is working to address our recommendations, until new goals and measures are in place, it is unknown the extent to which they will address our past findings and provide DHS and Congress with information to more fully assess CBP's efforts to secure the border between ports of entry.    In closing, our work has identified opportunities for DHS to strengthen its border security programs and efforts. We have made a number of recommendations to the Department to address various challenges and to enhance management and oversight of border security-related efforts. DHS has generally agreed with our recommendations and is taking action to address them, and we will continue to monitor DHS's efforts in these areas.    This concludes my oral statement, and I am pleased to answer any questions members have.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Ms. Gambler.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    I appreciate the testimony from all of our witnesses today. If we could just put up the display that I want to use just for reference.    As I mentioned, one of the challenges we have is, to summarize, we have gone from a measurement of operational control in 2010, I know that is small, but where we basically said--you said 44 percent of the border was under operational control--abandoned that, went to apprehension numbers, which Ms. Gambler pointed out is that is just a numerator, right? That just tells you how many people you have apprehended without an understanding of the denominator.    So now, as of a year ago, you are trying to do some level of denominator, which includes those that got away, right, those that you detected that got away. But if you look up here, again, at the display, I am just trying to simplify it, talking about situational awareness, if 100 people cross the border illegally, you are still measuring, as an example, if you detected 60 of them, you are measuring how many apprehended and how many got away or turned back of that 60. So that could come out to: Hey, we are at an 80 percent interdiction effectiveness.    But the concern of this committee and the concern of my constituents is, what about the other 40? They are not included in the denominator at all because we don't necessarily know that it is even 40 of them. We don't know what that number is, right? So until we have a sense of true understanding of a denominator, we are not going to be able to know our effectiveness.    Look, I am a fighter pilot. I am trying to simplify this as best I can, although I know it is kind-of complex. We have 1,954 miles of the Southern Border. It seems to me you all could come back to us with an answer of: Of that 1,954 miles  amount of miles we have situational awareness of. I don't know what that number. Is it 200? Is it 1,500? We know if anything moves across the border, we are going to detect it. We know exactly what is happening and we are going to detect it.    Then the second piece is, can we actually intercept it? That is the effectiveness thing. The American people don't know what that number is. We don't know what that number is.    So, Chief Vitiello, do you understand the challenges that we have with not really understanding the denominator? No. 2, can you tell me today, of the 1,954 miles, what percent do you feel you have 100 percent situational awareness of? What is that number?    Ms. McSally. I get that. That is all in the bottom part of that bracket there. That is you trying to adequately measure those that you have detected, have you intercepted them or did they get away, right?    Ms. McSally. Right. But that is still all in the denominator there or in the bottom part of the bracket there. You said you were at 81 percent effectiveness rate last year, right, based on that analysis?    Ms. McSally. But do you have any sense of what the real denominator is?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Of the 1,954 of the Southern Border, can you give us a sense of what percentage or what number of miles you feel you have situational awareness to the point that if something comes across, you know it, you may not be able to intercept it, but you know it?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Fifty-six percent. Thank you.    Ms. Gambler, was my line of questioning, do you have anything to add to that to provide our situational awareness?    Ms. Gambler. Sure. I think a couple of things. I think the situational awareness piece is very important in terms of being able to get a sense of the reliability of the information and the measures that CBP does report out, that Border Patrol does report out.    The other thing that I would add in terms of the measures is, in thinking about the interdiction effectiveness rate that Border Patrol is using now, as we have reported, it is important not just to kind of look at what the percentage is, whether it is 81 percent or something else, but also to look at sort-of the makeup of that interdiction effectiveness rate, because Border Patrol is counting in the numerator apprehensions plus turn-backs.    So, as we have reported in the past, differences and changes in turn-backs and got-aways over time can have an impact on what that ultimate interdiction effectiveness rate is. So in some of our past work, we have reported on not just the effectiveness rate, but also the apprehension rate, which is looking at how many arrests Border Patrol actually makes relative to the overall estimated known illegal entries.    Ms. McSally. Great. My time is up. But part of the numerator of their effectiveness rate includes those like unaccompanied children and people who have turned themselves in at the border. They haven't necessarily been apprehended, right, they have just turned themselves in. That is part of the numerator, Chief?    Ms. McSally. But is that part of your effectiveness numerator?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. My time has well expired. So I want to now recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Higgins.    Ms. McSally. Thanks. We should probably have another round if you want a little more. So thanks.    The Chair now recognizes my colleague and the Vice Chair of the subcommittee here, Mr. Hurd from Texas, for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you. The gentleman yields.    The Chair now recognizes our colleague, Mrs. Torres, from California.    Ms. McSally. Thank you.    Let's go into another round of questions here. I want to go back again to the effectiveness rate. I don't know if you have this number, Chief, but if you take out the unaccompanied children, those who have actually voluntarily turned themselves in, which I really think you should take out of the number completely, do you have a number of effectiveness, based on how you are measuring it, of those who have evaded apprehension and those that you have caught?    Because, I think, as the number of people turning themselves in go up, your effectiveness rate goes up. So that is actually a really skewed way to measure it. I would encourage you to take it out. But if you take it out, what is your actual number?    Ms. McSally. Yes, I agree. But I think we need to at least come to, like, an understanding and an agreement of what the formula should be, and then you can measure the effectiveness over time, right? If the formula does include those who are not evading apprehension, then that skews the formula.    So can you at least get back to us with what the number really is maybe for last year once you take out those that were not evading apprehension? Then I would just encourage you that if you are reporting to us and reporting to the American people about your effectiveness, it should take those out of there, because you should be measuring the number that were evading apprehension and the number that you actually were able to catch. Does that make sense?    Ms. McSally. So similarly, again, just to remind everybody, those that you detected, that you apprehended, and turn-backs are in the numerator, and the denominator are those who got away, right, the total number you detected. I am probably doing that, but you included turn-backs in your success rate.    Ms. McSally. So they have to be back into Mexico for it to be counted as a turn-back?    Ms. McSally. Okay. I mean, are you guys accounting for the fact that they may turn around and 2 hours later come back over again?    Ms. McSally. Okay.    How about if the Cochise County Sheriff's Department is the one who actually apprehends somebody or a drug load that has come over and then they turn them over to you, that, I am assuming, is included in your effectiveness rate as well, right?    Ms. McSally. So all State and local law enforcement apprehensions that are turned over to you are in the effectiveness rate?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Do you break that out, as well? Like, can you give us the numbers of how many were actually interdicted by your guys versus State and local law enforcement?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great.    I want to turn to infrastructure effectiveness. So we have 1,954 miles of the Southern Border; 652 of those miles have some sort of barrier or fence, right, vehicle barrier, pedestrian fence; I think 299 miles of vehicle barriers. I am really testing my math here today, but--and then the rest would be pedestrian-focused.    So if I do my math right, 1,302 miles of the Southern Border do not have any sort of barrier--vehicle barrier, pedestrian barrier--at this current time, correct?    Ms. McSally. I think, Ms. Gambler, in your testimony, you talked about one of the challenges--this is taxpayer money, right, going into these barriers. Especially in the discussion that is going on today about what it will take to secure the border, we certainly owe the taxpayers some sort of report on whether the investment they are making, at millions of dollars, is actually effective before we would even make additional investments, you know, to complete the barriers.    So I want would to ask, Ms. Gambler, for you to just elaborate on some of the concerns related to infrastructure assessment.    Ms. Gambler. Sure. So 2 thoughts there, Chairman.    One is that in GAO's prior work looking at tactical infrastructure, to include fencing, one of our key recommendations was for CBP to conduct an assessment to figure out the contributions of tactical infrastructure to their overall goals and measures for border security. So that is point No. 1.    The second point is that we have on-going work right now for this subcommittee looking at CBP's oversight management and deployment of tactical infrastructure. That includes a number of the things that you just mentioned--looking at requirements, costs. We are also looking at how well CBP is maintaining and sustaining what they already have out there. It is not just necessarily about deploying new tactical infrastructure, but they need to maintain what they have.    Then, third, we are looking at what data indicate about the potential effectiveness of tactical infrastructure and the contributions that tactical infrastructure can make to border security. We will be reporting that out to this subcommittee and others later this year.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    Chief Vitiello, if you were in a resource-unconstrained environment, of the 1,300 miles that are remaining, I mean, do you have a sense of how many miles or what percent you would want to put additional barriers and what types of barriers?    Ms. McSally. Is it a couple of miles, or is it a couple hundred miles?    Ms. McSally. Okay.    Ms. McSally. Yeah.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Thank you.    General Alles, could we talk a little bit about the use of VADER technology and how that is impacting the ability to increase situational awareness, No. 1?    Look, we have VADER deployed on Predators in Arizona, but I have also heard individuals suggesting that we should be putting it on manned aircraft in order to complement some of the strengths and weaknesses of using it on unmanned aircraft.    So if you could just comment on the use of VADER and increasing situational awareness and the potential to put it on manned aircraft.    Ms. McSally. Yeah.    Ms. McSally. So, I will just comment, I mean, you know, I have a lot of time airborne in the military, and, I mean, the unmanned and the manned bring strengths and weaknesses, right, and they are best when they complement each other. I mean, there is the dwell time that is the benefit of the unmanned, but there are limitations--FAA and weather--that the manned can actually then get into those gaps.    So it is really not either/or, from my perspective. It is you are able to bridge some of those gaps by using both of them.    I am way over my time, so I will hand it over to--if you want to just comment real quickly on that, and then----    Ms. McSally. Yeah.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great.    Mr. Higgins.    Ms. McSally. Thank you.    I have a few more questions if you have a little endurance here. We have a captive audience, so thanks.    One more deep dive into, kind-of, the assessment of effectiveness.    Chief, do you guys assess--I mentioned in my opening statement--where they are intercepted, how close to the border they are intercepted, as a measure of effectiveness?    Intercepting drug cartels on the south side of John Ladd's ranch in Arizona, for me, is far more effective, and to my constituents, than on the north side of his ranch. You know, even a mile is like an eternity if you are living right on the border, right, and then 5 miles or 20 miles or 100 miles.    I have seen the heat map, so, I mean, I see, kind of, where your interceptions are. But as part of your effectiveness, the nirvana for us is that the interceptions are happening at the border, at the line of scrimmage, so that they are not a public safety threat and impacting the perception of security in the community.    So, as part of your effectiveness, are you doing a deeper dive into where they are intercepted? Or is somebody who is intercepted 100 miles inland just as effective as somebody who is intercepted right at the border?    Ms. McSally. So that is another thing I would like you to get back to us on if you have numbers already--or, you know, start measuring that--is, of the number you are saying you are effective, how many are, like, within a couple hundred yards of the border and then how many are, like, deeper in, just to be able to get a sense of where the effectiveness is of getting them at the border before they are a public safety risk.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    Okay. One last question. The use of unmanned aerial systems or drones is certainly increasing situational awareness for you, using systems like the Predator. Great. But there is also the opportunity for tactical-level drones for the agents to be able to use that are not necessarily controlled out of your office, General, but are actually run by the units and the sectors.    Equating, again, to my military experience, we have the Air Force and assets that are controlled by the Air Force, but the Army, you know, and the Marines, they also have their tactical-level airborne assets and drones that give them situational awareness that they can launch in order to build situational awareness and is controlled by them.    Is this something that you all are looking into to deploy for the agents so that they can have their own situational awareness without having to be controlled out of Air and Marine?    Ms. McSally. Yeah.    Ms. McSally. Chief, is that something you want to comment on?    Ms. McSally. I am even talking about some of the ones that are just handheld. An agent on the ground launches one and it just gives them a bigger picture of that, you know, 3D that they don't necessarily have.    I will comment that Cochise College in my district actually has a great unmanned aerial systems training program. They would love to, you know, be able to partner, if we are talking about using the tactical system like that, to be able to partner, because it is right there near the border, and, you know, providing some of that training.    But I just think this is something that is worth looking into, even though you don't want to have a huge tax, but it certainly----    Ms. McSally . Would increase situational awareness.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    Well, let me just say that we have so many Border Patrol Agents and Air Interdiction Agents across the Southern Border that are working right now in order to, you know, keep our country and our community safe. I know we are all grateful. On the Northern Border, as well. I didn't mean to forget that. We appreciate all the hard work that you all are doing and that they are doing right now out there. Like many in law enforcement, you never know when you are going to work, you know, what you might come upon. So we appreciate them putting the uniform on every single day and appreciate all you are continuing to do in your service in order to address some of these issues to keep our country and communities safe.    I want to thank the witnesses for your valuable testimony today. I really appreciated, you know, the discussion and the questions. We have some other follow-up questions we would love to hear back from you on.    I appreciate the Members' questions. I thought it was, again, a good discussion.    Members of the committee may have some additional questions for the witnesses, and so we just ask that you respond to those in writing if they submit them. Pursuant to committee rule VII(e), the hearing record will be held open for 10 days.    Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.