    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Director Cordray, thank you for being with us today. Thanks for your stamina. Prior to joining Congress in January, I spent the last 2 decades in the financial services industry both in the brokerage business and in the commercial banking business.    And during that period of time, I never once saw the FDIC or the Fed or the OCC or the State securities department or the State insurance department ever shirk their consumer obligation under both Federal and State statutes.    And so I really do come to Congress and it wouldn't be a surprise to you feeling that the mission of your agency under Dodd-Frank is duplicative of that effort, because I learned when I got here that no budget authority or positions were eliminated from the existing banking or securities or consumer agencies when CFPB was formed.    Was that true or not?    Mr. Hill. It was, yes, but it had been on its way to extinction for a long time.    Mr. Hill. We will take time. We can have a drink and talk about that one.    Mr. Hill. I am concerned though about that duplication and expense, so it calls me just to look at your budgeting compared to the other agencies. And my friend Jim Himes from Connecticut referenced that no agencies are subject to appropriation and credential supervision area, but obviously the SEC and the CFTC are.    But looking at your budget, Mr. Poliquin noted about 1,400 employees and there is about an $618 million budget for Fiscal Year 2015, is that true?    Mr. Hill. What are you spending, approximately?    Mr. Hill. In looking at, even at that level, it would be on a per-employee basis, so the highest agency I looked at on a total spending to per capita basis.    Mr. Hill. Respond to that for me.    Mr. Hill. I do think looking at a productivity basis is a good way, and I would ask you to take that into account and maybe even establish a goal of being the lowest in government and have something to brag about.    But it causes me to think about, if you spend $600 million on selling, general and administrative expenses (SG&A), I thought about, what would that buy in Arkansas?    And I found a publicly traded company with operations in Arkansas--Hormel makes Skippy peanut butter in Little Rock and they only have 20,000 employees and spend $600 million SG&A expense or about $30,000 per employee.    And they generate, obviously, almost $10 billion in revenue. I think this gets compensation in our Federal agencies. That is how it compares to the private sector in that productivity angle.    And I don't want there to be an incentive for people to leave the private sector and go to the regulated sector. Would you reflect, take a minute and talk about pay practices at your agency and how those compare?    Mr. Hill. If Congress wanted to make your agency subject to the annual appropriations process, would you support that?    Mr. Hill. Why not?    Mr. Hill. But do you think the SEC is not independent because it is subject to appropriations?    Mr. Hill. I yield back.