    Mr. Harman. Good afternoon, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Polis, and members of the Subcommittee.    I am Dean Harman, founder and managing director of Harman Wealth Management in The Woodlands, Texas.    I am here representing the Financial Services Institute. FSI advocates on behalf of independent financial advisers and independent financial services firms. FSI is a strong supporter of a uniform fiduciary standard. But, unfortunately, the Department of Labor's proposal is unworkable, complex, and costly.    Let me make it plain. This proposal will harm retirement investors.    Let me start by sharing one of the ways this proposal is unworkable. For a client to be able to pay for my services using a commission model, my firm would have to comply with the requirements of the best-interest contract exemption known as     BICE requires that we give clients an estimate of all investment costs for one, five, and 10-year periods. In order to do this, I would need to predict investment performance. This will put me in direct conflict with SEC and FINRA rules.    These projections may also create unrealistic expectations for investors.    The proposal is also too complex. For example, BICE requires that firms maintain a machine-readable public website and update it quarterly. This website would disclose compensation received by the adviser, the firm, and any affiliates for every investment product sold.    In the independent investment model, financial advisers have access to a wide variety of investment options. All of these investment products have unique pricing structures. Every single mutual fund family may offer as many as 500 or more versions of its fund. Compiling, presenting, and maintaining the required Internet disclosures would be a massive undertaking.    This complexity of the project could lead to inadvertent errors which may result in litigation. More importantly, the complexity may confuse investors and discourage them from saving for retirement.    This proposal is also too costly for investors seeking retirement services. They may encounter high costs as financial advisers are faced with a mountain of regulatory burdens that lead advisers to institute or raise asset minimums on retirement accounts.    Because of this, investors of moderate means will find it difficult to gain access to valuable retirement advice and products. I do not want to turn away a potential client who needs my advice, but that will be the consequence of this proposal.    That last point is so important. Let me give you an example from my own practice. I manage about $200 million in assets for 618 clients. Of those total assets, $10 million are held by 331 clients with an average balance of $30,000. These clients are mainly lower net worth, elderly, or young professionals just starting out.    For these individuals, an advisory fee model does not make sense. A commission-based model is appropriate for them because it eliminates the out-of-pocket costs and provides a way to pay for the advice, products, and services that these clients need.    I want to ensure that any written rule by the Department of Labor will make it easier for these investors to continue receiving high-quality retirement services from a trusted financial adviser, but this proposal fails them.    In conclusion, FSI supports a uniform fiduciary standard. We will continue to work with the Department of Labor to protect investors and expand access to retirement advice. Unfortunately, the current proposal is unworkable, it is complex, and it is costly.    Thank you, and I look forward to any questions that you may have.    Mr. Harman. I think Mr. Mason's points are right on point. Currently, advisers are highly regulated as it is. So we have had this current structure for many years. I don't think it is broken. I think we need to have the ability to provide multiple solutions for clients based on what their individual needs are.    So I don't think the current structure is broken at all. And in fact, the current structure allows us to serve clients in different ways based on different needs, especially the moderate-and lower-income clients, their needs are oftentimes different than what we would consider to be high-net-worth clients. And the options and products that they need available also need to be preserved.    Mr. Harman. Yes. It is my understanding under the current BICE exemption that in order to be able to predict fees on an account for a 1-, 5-, and 10-year period, you also have to make assumptions as to the returns that the asset allocation--    Mr. Harman. You would have to--    Mr. Harman. Yes, you would have to come up with some assumption that the portfolio would return at a certain rate.    Mr. Harman. There is no relation.    Mr. Harman. I am sorry. Could you repeat it again? I was having a hard time hearing it.    Mr. Harman. Thank you.    Mr. Harman. Yes, absolutely. Thank you for the question.    I guess one of the concerns about the website, my understanding is that it would be public under BICE. But one of the big concerns is context and information around context. I am concerned that this will create additional confusion for investors because they don't know necessarily how to interpret this data and that.    Then the other thing from a performance reporting standpoint that is concerning is every client has different objectives. And so back to kind of benchmarking that was mentioned earlier today, it is difficult to know one client from the next whether that was successful or not based on the fact that different people have different goals and different objectives for their portfolio. And their portfolios are managed differently to achieve those goals.    Mr. Harman. I do. And again, the public nature of that has been, you know, concerning from a confidentiality standpoint.    Mr. Harman. Which investors am I talking about? I am talking about lower net worth and midsize clients, midsize investors as well. So people--    Mr. Harman. Really, anyone with less than $50,000.    Mr. Harman. It is a tremendous conflict, I think. And you mentioned trust in your statement here. And that has the potential to significantly undermine trust, simply that alone by putting that in there. Because as we know, things are not static, they don't always end up 10 years from now exactly as we might think they would today, even though we are making the best recommendation for the client at that point. So that is problematic.    And it is problematic that it crosses current FINRA and SEC regulations as well.