    Mr. Weber. Thank you, Chairman Smith. I'm pleased to introduce our third witness and fellow Texan Mr. Jerry Bosworth, President of Bosworth Air Conditioning and Vice Chairman of the Air Conditioning Contractors of America. Bosworth Air Conditioning is a family-owned and -operated business of ten employees, which was founded in 1959. Jerry was just a young whippersnapper back then. Bosworth A.C. specializes in both installation and service and replacement of both residential and commercial systems. Jerry served as Chairman of ACCA, Air Conditioning Contractors Association, and of the Members Services Committee. Prior to being elected to the National Board, he donated his time and energy as a member of the local contracting association, TACCA, or we would call it also Houston's Air Conditioning Contractors Association, and served on the board of his state contracting association.    Mr. Chairman, we are very grateful to have you here today. He's got one of the oldest and, I might add, finest air-conditioning companies next to Weber's Air and Heat on the Gulf Coast. So I'll----    Mr. Weber. So a free plug now, but, Jerry, I'll send you an invoice later. Welcome. We're glad to hear.    Mr. Weber. I thank the gentleman.    Before I recognize myself for five minutes, I would like to give Mr. Batkins a chance to respond to that previous statement.    Mr. Weber. Thank you, Mr. Batkins. And actually, Mr. Bosworth, would you like to weigh in on that as well?    Mr. Weber. Well, it is. And of course you know I own an air-conditioning company, and you're not--you know, your--Bosworth was started in '59, and I'm guessing you probably didn't start that in '59----    Mr. Weber. --because you look a little younger than I do. But you've been in the air-conditioning company--business how long?    Mr. Weber. Well, I started Weber's Air and Heat in 1981, November of '81, and, you know, you and I would agree there's a lot of stories of people who are hard-pressed to pay for these higher-efficiency units, and then when they do break, boy it is, there is a shock to them because they are so much more expensive to repair.    And, Ms. Kerrigan, I'm going to give you a chance to weigh in on what they cited as well.    Mr. Weber. Well, thank you. I just wanted--since your study was cited, Mr. Batkins, I wanted to make sure that the others had a chance to weigh in on that as well.    I'm now going to recognize myself for five minutes with questions.    Mr. Batkins, continuing with you, the Chairman mentioned in his opening statement that your analysis that you conducted on the cost of the regulations promulgated under President Obama, which, for last year alone, cost $197 billion or about $600 for every American citizen. Now, I'm assuming that means men, women, and children, quite frankly, and I'm just thinking children don't pay utility bills. Is it just me? It doesn't take an economist to understand that this regulatory burden will hit the poorest Americans the hardest.    So I want you, if you can, I want you to elaborate on the kind of economic damage we have seen from the DOE and EPA rules and what has that meant in terms of cost for American families just during this Administration's tenure.    Mr. Weber. Well, that's great. And I want to move right over to Mr. Bosworth because he and I both ran an air-conditioning company for a long time. And so every time the SEER rating is changed, I can tell you that it makes for--that company is going to have change their advertising, change their ads, they're going to have to train their technicians, they're going to have to bring more literature in, not to mention that the manufacturers and distributors have to do that as well. And so every time we do that, Jerry, I think--would--have you experienced that it runs your costs up, and then therefore, you have to charge more for that equipment?    Mr. Weber. Well, I can tell you, we've looked at them and they're super expensive and not--they don't pay back into Texas. And so what happens is the cost of all of this expensive equipment is going to hurt the low income consumers the absolute most.    And let me just say, you mentioned earlier in your testimony about the Department of Energy. You know, when I was a Texas State Rep, I was on the Environmental Regulatory Committee, and we wanted people on the TDLR, Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation. I'm an air-conditioning contractor. We wanted people on that board who actually knew our business and hopefully had experience in our business. Do any of you all know or are there any members--any of the folks that work for these agencies, DOE or EPA, that has actual business experience in an air-conditioning company? Ms. Callahan, you seem----    Mr. Weber. --chomping at the bit.    Mr. Weber. While----    Mr. Weber. While I appreciate that, I want somebody who's been in those homes looking those people in the face----    Mr. Weber. --having to deal with it.    Mr. Weber. I'm running way over out of time so I appreciate that, but let me just say that we want to make absolutely certain that regulations that are promulgated are based on not just the idea that somehow they ought to all be more and more efficient.    And I would add, too, for the record that--and, Jerry, I know you've experienced this in the air-conditioning business--manufacturers, in order to gain a competitive edge, will actually build a better product. They will build a more efficient product. They will build a better product just for competition.    And I'm going to end by saying--quoting one of my favorite speakers, Ronald Reagan. You know, Reagan said somebody who comes along with a better mousetrap, the government comes along with a better mouse.    So anyway, I'm going to yield to the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer.    Mr. Weber. Mr. Beyer, I'm going to give you extra time because I went over so much, but would you yield for just a second?    Mr. Weber. I'm thinking really what you're driving at is the idea that somehow one size fits all we would argue that high-efficiency furnaces are probably not going to be popular in Texas. You can't hardly give them away. But, then again, high-efficiency air-conditioners may not be all that popular in Minnesota.    Mr. Weber. So I yield back. Thank you.    Mr. Weber. And I thank the gentleman for yielding back.    I now recognize Dr. Babin from Texas for five minutes.    Mr. Weber. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from California, Mr. Swalwell, you're recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Weber. I thank the gentleman. That was an interesting exchange, but we do want to be a bit more current and on the issues here today, I think. So I'm going to recognize the gentlelady from--I'm going to recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. LaHood, for five minutes.    Mr. Weber. I thank the gentleman for yielding back. And seeing that the minority side has no other witnesses, we will now go to Barry Loudermilk of Georgia.    Mr. Weber. Count your blessings.    Mr. Weber. Ms. Callahan, I hate to cut you off, but I've got to go to the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey. We're running out of time.    Mr. Posey, you're recognized.    Mr. Weber. And you've got to deal with the condensate.    Mr. Weber. We probably want to strike that----    Mr. Weber. --from the record.    Mr. Weber. Mr. Knight, you're up.    Mr. Weber. I thank the gentleman. Alligators leashed to fire hydrants? What, did the OSHA mandate stronger fire hydrants?    Mr. Weber. Okay. All right. The gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Gary ``Roll Tide'' Palmer is recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Weber. I thank the gentleman.    And I do want to say also that I thank the witnesses for staying on topic to the issue at hand. And actually, I would note for the minority, we hope that going forward the minority would focus more on the substance of the hearing rather than on the background or actions of any witnesses.    Ms. Kerrigan, I'm sorry you had to endure what I believe was a pretty staunch cross examination. I guess if I was doing it, I would say there's probably times in some of the witnesses' lives where they even drank beer in college. I won't ask you to raise your hand, and maybe even too much of it, and maybe I should ask up here for them to raise their hands.    But anyway, we do appreciate you all being here. I thank the witnesses for their testimony and the members for their questions. The record will remain open for two weeks for additional written comments and written questions from the members. This hearing is adjourned.