    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all for participating in this hearing today.    Dr. Tabak, I understand that the historical collection that contains the smallpox vials where there was a problem that had been previously discussed is not the only historical collection at NIH.    In fact, in 2002 or 2003, NIH registered a historical collection that included plague and Burkholderia samples using the information listed on labels for sealed envelopes. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Griffith. And did anyone at NIH open the envelopes at the time to check not only the accuracy of the samples but also to ensure that the samples were intact?    Mr. Griffith. And I also understand that in 2007 the NIH office responsible for overseeing compliance with select agent regulations reregistered these select agents again without opening the sealed envelopes. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Griffith. So the individuals who were looking at it weren't registered to deal with the plague or Burkholderia?    Mr. Griffith. OK. So they did that and then from my understanding in 2008 they finally opened the envelopes up and the materials contained were not the same as what had been registered back in 2002, 2003 with the select agent program twice earlier.    They weren't the same as had been previously registered and that one of the envelopes contained more vials of Burkholderia than was listed. Isn't that accurate?    Mr. Griffith. So there were 39 vials, but they had it written down as 32?    Mr. Griffith. Now, I was not--obviously, I'm familiar with the plague. I was not familiar with Burkholderia, and so I looked it up online. So my sources are Internet sources. They may or may not be accurate.    So you get me straight if I've got it wrong. But it looks like it depicts mostly horses but there are a couple of species or subspecies of the bacteria that affect human beings.    Do you know whether the samples that were discovered in 2008 were the type of species of Burkholderia that affect horses or were they the type that affect humans?    Mr. Griffith. And could you please find that out for us because in my research it indicated that at least two of the species not only affect humans but are considered possible agents for biological warfare?    Mr. Griffith. If you could let me know I would greatly appreciate that. Dr. Pillai--did I say it right? All right.    And you're now with the Office of Laboratory Science and Safety at the FDA and it's a fairly new office. What is the budget for your office and how many staff do you have?    Mr. Griffith. All right. And can you get us that once it's been approved by the other folks? Can you get us a copy of that budget?    Mr. Griffith. I would appreciate that, and who is it that you report to?    Mr. Griffith. All right. I do appreciate that. I see my time is up and I yield back. Thank you, sir.