    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Ranking Member Green, for holding this hearing.    Mr. Chairman, I am glad to have you before us. I spent a better part of my career in institutions that had you as a primary regulator, so I appreciate all the hard work and efforts on behalf of the FDIC, which really prompted more shock when I read this package, knowing for 3 decades the work of the FDIC and its staff.    I have a customer in Little Rock who sent me a note, and I just wanted you to be on the record on this question that he had. What would you say to a legally licensed and State and Federally regulated business, like a pawnbroker, who does not use money service businesses, handles all their transactions face to face, doesn't use third-party payment processors, and doesn't use the ACH system and yet still have fallen victim and had their banking relationships cut off because of Operation Choke Point, how would you--what am I supposed to say to that business in my hometown of Little Rock?    Mr. Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. On looking at the FIL-43-2013 and knowing the banking business and our responsibility to put people on a CTR list or file a suspicious activity report (SAR) if necessary, my question is, in looking at your documentation, did that go through FFIEC Act, did that particular financial institution newsletter go through the FFIEC clearance process for interagency review or was it unique to the FDIC?    Mr. Hill. But that predated the FDIC's, FIL? Was that older, that general guidance?    Mr. Hill. And in those other agencies, did they name these same listed businesses in the same methodology that the FDIC did in your 2013 release?    Mr. Hill. But was it as inclusive and comprehensive a list as yours?    Mr. Hill. And this issue of reputational risk, which is something that examiners talk to their banks about as a part of the normal CAMELS process, maybe as a part of the management rating in the CAMELS review, really, aren't banks responsible for their reputation, and therefore, they ought to do business with any legally organized business in their market that needs depository services, setting aside even the credit issue for a moment?    Mr. Hill. But yet that is what so many of these stories that have percolated back through Congress, and I am just--I find it as a former community banker and now a Member of Congress and a former Treasury official who oversaw the regulatory process during the Bush 41 Administration, I find it stunning that that can go through a financial institution's exam council review and survive that list of businesses.    I just don't see how it happened, and I agree, Mr. Chairman, that someone who is responsible for that really needs to stand up and take that responsibility. I appreciate you being here and responding to the committee's inquiries.    Can you think of an example in the FDIC, switching topics, where the FDIC engages in price regulation or the Comptroller of the Currency, any Federal bank regulation where they actively engage in price regulation of consumer financial transactions between banks and their customers?    Mr. Hill. So if two people have exact same credit backgrounds, exact same ages, races, borrowing backgrounds, and they live in two different cities in a State, and one has many, many job opportunities and one doesn't, do you think they deserve the same price for credit?    Mr. Hill. My time has expired.