    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Muniz, Mr. Starr, why does the Overseas Buildings Operations and the Bureau of Diplomatic Security rely on unpublished draft memorandum rather than Federal law and the Foreign Affairs Manual to determine when to begin construction on facilities?    Mr. Palmer. Unpublished, on unpublished draft memorandum.    Mr. Palmer. Then what is your response to the OIG's finding that the use of the draft memorandum, without telling anyone, is likely to mislead audiences, including Congress, who expect the Department to follow its published policies?    Mr. Palmer. Well, my concern is, as the OIG's report points out, is that it's likely to mislead people, including Congress.    And I want to go--put the slides back up that Mr. Chairman had up at the very beginning of hearing on the construction project.    Ms. Muniz, you've made the argument that that's not construction. I worked for two international engineering companies, engineering construction companies, and it is--there are times when you could separate the site work from the overall contract where it could be contracted out. But having worked in engineering construction, I can assure you that site work is part of the construction. But even more importantly, when you're setting piles, it's absolutely critical to the construction process.    And I think you made the assertion that that's not construction. Frankly, I was astounded when you said that. It raises questions, in my mind, your competence in your position.    Mr. Palmer. Before you go any further, are you saying this is the Department's position, that setting the piles and doing the basic foundation work is not part of the construction?    Mr. Palmer. If you do that, does this not result in substantial numbers of change orders when you haven't certified the building and you find out later that the foundations are not sufficient? I think there has been some issues with that.    Mr. Palmer. I'm talking about overall, because I think there are issues with exceeding the budgets, having numerous change orders. I think there was some issue with a couple of things you wanted to put in the building that you couldn't put in because you found out that the building wouldn't support it.    Mr. Palmer. Well, my point about this is, is that you come in and, listening to the chairman's questioning, and you argued that or assert that the setting of the piles is not part of the construction progress and that you admit that you have done a lot of this work without certification of the building, which raises questions to me that if the building has not been certified that it leaves the door open for design changes that do impact the construction costs.    And I think that's one of the problems that we have in trying to make sure that the taxpayers' interests are protected, not only that our employees who depend on these facilities for their protection are taken care of, but that we take care of the fiscal aspect of this as well. I mean, you know, we're deficit spending every year, and certainly not--it is not totally due to cost overruns.    And this is something that I'm finding throughout the Federal Government. But it is a problem here. And listening to some of the other questions that have been asked about some of the inadequacies that are not being addressed, and we're spending, I think, millions of dollars having to address issues of design changes and change orders and other aspects of construction projects.    And, again, frankly, for someone to assert that setting the foundations and driving the piles is not part of the construction process raises serious questions in my mind about the qualifications of the individuals that make those assertions.    I've gone over my time, Mr. Chairman. Thank you. I yield back.