    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Administrator.    Mr. Bera. I'm doing fine. Thank you, Chairman and Ranking Member.    I grew up in California, in southern California in the Los Angeles area in the 1960s, and I recall as a kid there were days where my mom would not let us go outside because if we did sneak outside, as kids are known to do sometimes, we'd get out there playing--we could see the air that we were breathing sometimes. And when you came in after playing, you could actually feel the burning in your lungs.    And it was through understanding the damage that was causing to our population, our people, through enacting laws either through legislation or companies doing the right thing and understanding that they had a responsibility that we were able to clean up the air in Southern California so that we still have a ways to go. But we were protecting the public. It was a public health measure through acts like the Clean Air Act, through acts like the Clean Water Act to impact our public health.    Now, fast forward. You know, I decided to become a doctor, went to medical school, went into internal medicine. To this day we're seeing dramatic increases in asthma rates. We're seeing impacts that are disproportionately affecting, you know, urban areas, lower-income communities, communities that don't have the benefits of some of the rules and regulations that we have in California, and we've still got a long ways to go. And that does have a net cost. It has an impact. It has an impact on individuals; it has an impact on their health.    You know, Administrator, if you could just share from your perspective some of the public health benefits of, you know, Clean--the Clean Air Act, Clean Water Act, some of the things that--and then some of the negative consequences of trying to roll back some of the legislation that really in many ways has helped save and impact hundreds and thousands of lives.    Mr. Bera. And it's a shame that this body, which historically has been able to come together as Democrats and Republicans on issues of public health, on issues of public safety, is not doing that. And there is an urgency of now. There is an urgency to prevent the next Flint, to invest in our public health and our infrastructure because it's not just about us, it's about our kids, and I don't want my daughter or my grandchildren eventually to go out and be able to see the air that they're breathing. I want that air to be cleaner and healthier.    So thank you for what you're doing, and then let's buy it for the next generation. I yield back.