    Ms. Waxman. Thank you for the opportunity to testify here today.    I have two points to make today. One, the two bills at issue here today clearly, as you heard already, have a single purpose, and that is to make it easier for State officials to target Planned Parenthood and other women's health providers.    The Medicaid program is rooted in due process protections for both patients and for providers. These bills are not. The two bills would amend Medicaid to allow State officials to exclude a provider from the program if they or one of their employees is simply suspected of violating either of the laws we are discussing today. The standard is unduly vague, and as Congressman Pallone said, it is not the American way.    Two, Planned Parenthood is, in fact, a respected, high-quality provider that provides essential healthcare services for millions of women nationwide. The Medicaid funds that they receive are reimbursement, and I will say even low reimbursement, directly for the services that they are providing these women--family planning services, breast screening, STD screening, et cetera. And by giving States carte blanche to exclude these providers from Medicaid based on a politician's suspicion only, these bills will definitely put the health of millions of women at risk.    The bills before the committee today go dangerously beyond what the law currently provides. Based on a hunch or a rumor, all services the provider offers to Medicaid patients could totally evaporate. There would be no due process or any process at all for determining whether an accusation is true. The bills give unlimited power to exclude a provider without so much as an investigation, evidence to support the accusation, a hearing, court proceedings, an opportunity for the entity to defend itself, or appeal.    The result of giving the States this unlimited power would be that they would be free to wreak havoc on programs that advance women's health, and healthcare services for millions of women, particularly low-income women, around the country would be at risk.    Yesterday's Census Bureau report found that in 2014, fully 20 percent of all women and girls in this country received Medicaid to cover their healthcare services, which explains why Medicaid is so important to women throughout their lives. And because reimbursement rates for Medicaid is generally lower than other payers, there are just not always that many Medicaid providers available.    The role that Planned Parenthood plays is to provide critical, essential care, and that role cannot be overstated. If Planned Parenthood were not available to Medicaid patients, unfortunately, unintended pregnancies and the number of abortions would increase dramatically. As the Guttmacher Institute found, in two-thirds of the almost 500 counties in which Planned Parenthoods are located, they serve at least half of all the women obtaining contraceptive care from safety net health providers. And in many communities, Planned Parenthood is, in fact, the sole safety net provider.    So what would happen if Planned Parenthood was defunded. Well, let's take Texas for example. In recent years, Texas decided to get out of the Medicaid program for family planning services so they could cut Planned Parenthood out of their networks, and as a result other clinics could not handle the deluge of new patients. In Hidalgo County alone, community health centers said they would require a 500 percent increase in capacity for women's health, something they simply could not do. Medicaid claims dropped 26 percent and contraceptive claims dropped 54 percent. That tells me women were not getting care.    Two other programs are cited as having the ability to fill the gap, Title X and community health centers. And while Title X offers critical services to women who need family planning services, it is already woefully underfunded and under severe attack. In fact, the House Appropriations Committee voted just this summer to totally defund this program.    As for community health centers, let's be realistic. CHCs have grown nationwide since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, but they can't handle the patients they have now already, which, in fact, is a good thing. Many more people have insurance. But according to their own accounts, for every patient served at a CHC, nearly three go without access to primary healthcare services. And while some private doctors of course do see Medicaid patients, there will be enough of them, unfortunately, to fill the gap.    These bills give States an unprecedented ability to deny Medicaid enrollees from getting the healthcare services they need from their trusted healthcare provider. It is the women, and particularly the low-income women, that will be the losers if these bills are enacted. Thank you.    Ms. Waxman. It is my understanding that it was simply the administration in Texas that did not want to allow Planned Parenthood to operate anymore and to be able to provide services for women with Medicaid dollars.    Because there was really not a legal way for that to be accomplished, what the Governor did was just simply end the program through which Texas was getting family planning services.    Ms. Waxman. What happened was what we have already seen, and you said 54 percent decrease in services, in contraception services----    Ms. Waxman. Yes. And clearly women are not getting the care that they need, and this is a travesty that obviously some want to have happen all over the country.    Ms. Waxman. Absolutely. By definition, women who are on Medicaid are low-income, and those are the ones that are bearing the burden.    Ms. Waxman. Absolutely. Planned Parenthood is a trusted provider. About 1 in 5 American women have gone to see a Planned Parenthood. So if you see Planned Parenthood being wiped off the face of the country, one thing that will happen for sure is millions more unintended pregnancies and possibly close to a million more abortions because services will just not be available.    Ms. Waxman. I did not know that. I knew they were doctored, but that is an interesting detail.    Ms. Waxman. So in other words, the pieces we see are taken totally out of context?    Ms. Waxman. I think that given that these videos are clearly doctored and that they are taken out of context, they don't seem really appropriate to be seen here today, to me.    What I do know is that Planned Parenthood has said that only about 1 percent of the activities they are engaged in have anything to do with fetal tissue. And I know fetal tissue research is, obviously, a controversial issue. I think if that is what the concern is, that seems to be another day for another hearing on that.    But in terms of what these videos show, I think without the whole context and without the splicing, I would say I am not sure it shows anything much.    Ms. Waxman. Very interesting.    Ms. Waxman. I would think not.    Ms. Waxman. I would say it is fundamentally dishonest.    Ms. Waxman. According to the Guttmacher Institute, it would increase unintended pregnancies by about 2 million.    Ms. Waxman. Clearly, it would be a serious blow to women who need these services through Medicaid.    Ms. Waxman. Disproportionately poor and minority women.    Ms. Waxman. I believe so, yes.    Ms. Waxman. I don't see why not.    Ms. Waxman. No, it does not.    Ms. Waxman. No, it does not.    Ms. Waxman. Definitely.    Ms. Waxman. I think the goal of this particular legislation is clearly to go after Planned Parenthood and other--I will assume, although it hasn't been mentioned--other healthcare providers that perform abortion. This bill is about abortion.    There could be, you know, a hospital system in your State where in fact the hospital does do abortion, and it could very well happen that a politician might have some suspicion that there was wrongdoing in that hospital system, and then the whole system loses its Medicaid funding, all the services that it would provide.    There is in the Medicaid statute already, as has been testified, ways that if someone is convicted of a crime that would hurt the beneficiary of the program, they can then be excluded from the program. That is already law. If somebody would break the law, and that is actually be convicted of a partial-birth abortion, that already exists. If someone is convicted in a State, and I assume the State law would have laws against terminating a live birth, that person could be excluded.    Obviously, due process protections would apply, but if someone really did break these laws, the provisions already exist to exclude that provider from the program. And putting a law out there that just makes the suspicion the cause for ending Medicaid funding goes way, way beyond any law, I believe, in the whole country.    Ms. Waxman. There seems to be, I think, some talking across each other in that Planned Parenthood does not get blocks of money from Medicaid to do whatever it wants. Like any medical provider, like a private doctor, if they perform a service that is covered for a covered individual, then they get reimbursed, and, again, generally, at a pretty low reimbursement, unfortunately.    So it isn't as if there is some kind of pot of money that is helping them exist. They are professionals that do these very high-quality services in this area. And if people come to them that have Medicaid or private insurance, that is the reimbursement that they get.    Now, the community health centers have already said that they don't have the capacity right now to actually provide care for the patients that are coming their way. They have said, for every patient they serve, another three are going without primary care. We would have to enormously increase the number of community health centers if we really wanted to make sure the capacity was there.    Ms. Waxman. Additionally, as I mentioned in my testimony, there is a public program, Title X, that gives dollars for family planning. This body, the Appropriations Committee has already zeroed that out in the next budget, so we wouldn't be able to count on them.    Ms. Waxman. I think what he is referring to is this one case that he has mentioned a couple times where in fact there was one individual in an egregious situation and one circuit court that said it was OK to suspend the individual's Medicaid payment during that time. But beyond that, I don't think so.    Ms. Waxman. No, it did not.    Ms. Waxman. That is right.    Ms. Waxman. That is right.    Ms. Waxman. Without a doubt.    Ms. Waxman. Yes. The ``any willing provider'' provision, because there aren't that many Medicaid providers, that is why the law recognizes anyone who is willing to take that reimbursement should take patients, any qualified provider, of course, and that is why Louisiana could not eliminate Planned Parenthood.    Ms. Waxman. Yes. I don't know what the last item he was referring to, but certainly before that, in the earlier date, that is true.    Ms. Waxman. Yes.    Ms. Waxman. No.    Ms. Waxman. I would say yes.    Ms. Waxman. I was not part of that debate.    Ms. Waxman. I saw them today.    Ms. Waxman. I saw excerpts today.    Ms. Waxman. Let's say all medical procedures bother me. When I hear doctors talk about many different kinds of things, I am uncomfortable. So, yes, it is uncomfortable.    Ms. Waxman. I would say uncomfortable.    Ms. Waxman. I don't think that is true, Your Honor. I did. I watched them. And I have seen them before.    Ms. Waxman. I think I answered the question. I do find them uncomfortable.    Ms. Waxman. OK. I find them uncomfortable. I think I said that.    Ms. Waxman. We are on the same page.    Ms. Waxman. May I respond?    Ms. Waxman. Yes, if what we are talking----    Ms. Waxman. Yes.    Ms. Waxman. That would be the issue.    Ms. Waxman. You know, my own doctor doesn't----    Ms. Waxman. It is no, as most primary care don't.    Ms. Waxman. They do breast exams, however.    Ms. Waxman. I don't, but that is great.    Ms. Waxman. That is great.    Ms. Waxman. I don't know.    Ms. Waxman. I don't know.    Ms. Waxman. I don't know that, either.