    Ms. Raphael. Good morning, Chairman McSally, Ranking Member Payne, and Members of the subcommittee. On behalf of Mayor Bill de Blasio and Health Commissioner Mary Bassett, thank you for the opportunity to testify on New York City's efforts to prepare for and respond to public health emergencies.    I am here today to discuss the vital role that public health plays in detecting and responding to emergencies, the importance of Federal public health and health care preparedness funding, and examples of how these investments have increased preparedness.    Our Nation's public health and health care infrastructure play a critical role in protecting our citizens by quickly detecting acts of bioterrorism or naturally-occurring outbreaks, containing the spread of disease, and mitigating the health impacts of emergencies.    The department currently receives Federal emergency preparedness funding from the CDC Public Health Emergency Preparedness program, the ASPR Hospital Preparedness Program, and the Department of Homeland Security Urban Areas Security Initiative. As a result, the department's public health and health care emergency response capabilities have been expanded, and we have made vital investments in planned development, training and exercises, and skilled and experienced personnel. I want to thank the committee and subcommittee for their continued recognition of the need for these critical Federal programs.    As the largest point of entry in the United States, New York City recognizes the increased likelihood that a naturally-occurring disease in any area of the world can quickly spread to New York City.    In July 2014, New York City began a highly coordinated and expensive multi-agency and multi-jurisdictional response to Ebola. To prepare, we addressed hospital readiness, risk communication, increased lab capacity, and community engagement. We began developing detailed plans for disease surveillance and managing a person under investigation, and our public health surveillance staff investigated hundreds of suspect cases. The public health lab quickly became proficient in testing for and rapidly diagnosing Ebola in record time.    The city chose to focus on readying Bellevue Hospital as New York City's primary Ebola treatment center. Bellevue's quarantine and isolation unit had been supported over the past decade through HPP funding, and, therefore, we could focus on enhancing existing capabilities. When the first confirmed Ebola case in New York City was identified, we were in a strong position to respond.    One of the biggest challenges we currently face is maintaining a permanent state of readiness among city agencies in the health care system. This brings us back to the original impetus for the Federal preparedness funds: September 11 and the subsequent anthrax attacks.    The receipt of letters tainted with anthrax in 2001 led to a State and local requirement to develop mass prophylactic capabilities. The primary method of rapidly dispensing medication in response to a wide-spread aerosolized anthrax attack is through points of dispensing, or PODs, which are temporary emergency sites established to provide free medication to large numbers of people.    Years of planning, training, and exercises culminated in August 2014, when the department conducted the largest no-notice exercise on record, the Rapid Activation for Mass Prophylaxis Exercise, or RAMPEx. This exercise involved notifying and mobilizing over 1,500 city employees and setting up and opening 30 PODs simultaneously.    RAMPEx tested all components of our mass prophylaxis response and definitively demonstrated our ability to rapidly open 30 PODs city-wide in less than 8 hours, with some ready within 6 hours.    RAMPEx also helped identify critical planning gaps and solutions. First, all PODs are ready to open 4 hours before medication from CDC's Strategic National Stockpile would arrive. To address this gap, the department has requested that SNS assets be forward-deployed to New York City and other high-threat, high-density urban areas that have demonstrated an ability to stand up PODs faster than SNS medications can be delivered.    Second, we have not met our POD staffing goals. City-wide prophylaxis distribution requires 33,000 POD staff to support 48 hours of dispensing operations. New York City has made great efforts to recruit, pretrain, and assign staff to a POD site close to home. We are advocating for non-mission-critical Federal staff who live locally to be similarly identified and trained to support POD operations.    Our successful Ebola response and medical countermeasure exercise are a direct result of a decade of Federal investments in local preparedness. However, the greatest danger to our progress is the decline in Federal funding. While overall preparedness funding should be increased, allocations should also be based on risk to reflect the scale-of-threat impact to high-density urban areas and complexity of response.    The department relies on dedicated Federal funding streams to build and maintain critical public health and health care capabilities. Significant cuts in funding jeopardize our existing capabilities. PHEP funding for New York City has decreased 35 percent from its peak in fiscal year 2005, which has led to a 47 percent reduction in the public health preparedness workforce, compromising our ability to detect and respond to disease outbreaks.    I am reading as fast as I can, but I may run a little over.    Similarly, drastic cuts of nearly 40 percent to HPP have impeded health care-sector preparedness and response efforts. There are 55 hospitals, 259 long-term-care facilities, 303 primary care centers, 50 urgent care centers, and 101 dialysis centers in New York City. Preparing a health care system of this size and complexity requires significant resources.    In the immediate months following a particular emergency, jurisdictions have occasionally received one-time funding. New York City is thankful to have received funds to address our Ebola response. However, singular funding allocations are not an adequate substitute for sufficient and sustained base funding.    There is also a critical need for a real-time funding mechanism to support public health emergency response, not just preparedness efforts. Currently, we must use Federal preparedness funds to cover response costs. Federal budgets designed to support public health and health care system preparedness and response capabilities must be increased and sustained.    Chairman McSally and Ranking Member Payne, thank you for inviting me to testify today. We are grateful for your continued support, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Raphael. So I think I want to make three key points.    So one is just how resource-intensive this kind of response is. I think sometimes we slip in to referring to Ebola as past tense, but our reality is this is still going on. We have hit the 2,300 mark in terms of number of people monitored. We are monitoring over 190 people on any given day. So this is an incredibly resource-intensive response. We have been using over a thousand of our staff. Many millions of dollars have been expended on the part of the city.    I think one of the key challenges is maintaining a permanent state of readiness. I can't stress enough how the success of our response was really built on all of the capabilities that we have developed over the last decade. We would not have had the response we had if we hadn't had those investments in basic surveillance, labs, communications capabilities.    Obviously, the health care system played a critical role in this response. They are required to also have a baseline level of readiness, not only for Ebola but for any emerging infectious disease. So continuing to invest in the preparedness and readiness of the health care system is critical.    Then, finally, we are dependent on the Federal Government for consistent guidance that is based on best practices that we can all look to and be on the same page.    Ms. Raphael. Sure. So, I mean, I think New York City certainly recognizes that we outresource many jurisdictions and we are much further along in our planning. So we always welcome the opportunity to present on our work, share our work. We see a lot of what we are doing as really a National model. So we take that very seriously. We just spent last week at an annual preparedness summit, where we did a number of presentations and had a lot of interest in the work we are doing.    I have, over many years now, stressed to both CDC and ASPR that they have a very particular perspective, in terms of who is strong in what, and that they should really be sharing that information. They are assessing, essentially--they have a viewpoint of where each jurisdiction is in their capability development. I think they could be doing more to match those that are stronger in certain capabilities with those that are weaker. But it is only the Federal Government that I think has that higher level of perspective.    Ms. Raphael. So, just to note, we did use the National Guard for our Hurricane Sandy response. They were a prominent part of our response, but it is not currently our plan. So something that has been drilled in State and locals from very early on is that you need to be ready to prepare at that level. You know, yes, Federal Government will provide assistance, but don't, sort-of, bank on that on the first hours. So all of our staffing is sort of local-based.    That said, the two things we are really asking of Federal Government is, No. 1, to give us access to their non-mission-critical staff that are locally-based. As I mentioned, we need a lot of staff to run these PODs. We need to run them in 48 hours and get meds into people as quickly as possible. So that is something we have been really pushing for.    Then the other thing we are completely dependent on the Federal Government for is the Strategic National Stockpile. We are in a position where our distribution plans are so advanced that we are ready to open before the medications arrive. We will literally be ready, public standing at the door, and we will not have the medication. That is just a huge problem.    Ms. Raphael. Funny you should ask that. So, you know, we, sort of, got these BioWatch filters and were told: Okay, figure out what you are going to do with them. So, we have no funding, so we have figured out, sort-of, at the local level what we would do if there was a positive hit.    Something we have been asking of the Federal Government for literally years is for there to be some sort of interagency working group among all the different Federal agencies so we could understand what every Federal agency's role is. Because it is not clear to us exactly what the Federal Government would do in the case of there being a positive result.    We know what we will do as a city. Obviously, requesting and receiving the SNS as quickly as possible will be a key component to that. But in regards to some of the remediation issues, a lot of those issues are really outstanding, and we really need the Federal Government's help.    Ms. Raphael. So I think one thing that would be helpful, to the extent possible, is having some sort of State and local representation on some of these guidance discussions so that there is an understanding of what it would mean on the ground in terms of implementation, or at least having more of a heads-up in terms of what is coming.    Because I think a huge challenge for us was constantly changing guidance on a regular basis. Here we were, trying to implement a response, be flexible, be nimble, and then the guidance would change the next day.    So I think, you know, having thoughtful guidance coming out, with appropriate input into the process.    Ms. Raphael. Give us money.    So I think the most important----    Ms. Raphael. No, I mean, continue to provide us with funding.    I think the No. 1 investment for us as New York City--you know, I think we have been held up as a best practice. The reason why our planning is so advanced is because we have dedicated staff that are working on this every day.    Some of the advancements include pre-identifying and pre-assigning every single health department staff to a POD role, to a POD site. They know exactly what POD location they are going to. They are assigned based on their home address so that they can walk there if mass transit goes down.    We pre-developed, sort-of, phase one PODs, where we have pre-identified the first 30 through 80 PODs that would open up. Everyone knows what those are; the police department knows what they are. We literally hit a switch, and it happens.    So I think we just really need sustained funding to maintain this capability. If the funding goes down more or goes away, we will not have this capability.