    Mr. Levitt. Thank you very much, Chairman Ros-Lehtinen and Ranking Member Deutch, members of the committee.    It's a pleasure to be here. I, too, would like to just make a comment about Brussels. I was in Brussels last week meeting with counterterrorism officials including with officials as they were planning the first raid last Tuesday.    But I also had the opportunity while there to talk to them about Hezbollah and there is some silver lining here, because due to Hezbollah's tremendous investment in international organized crime, going up to the highest levels of Hezbollah, we now have an opportunity to work with Europeans, even within the context of a European Union designation of Hezbollah that is partial, just the military and terrorist wings, as if such a distinction exists.    Hezbollah will be the first to tell you it does not, and so maybe this is something we should push on again.    But even where things are, we are seeing tremendous cooperation with them on these cases. The fact is that Hezbollah has branched out and experienced a regional transformation.    We see the designation by the GCC and Arab League and it's because of an increased amount of Hezbollah activity in the region, not just the long history of Hezbollah in the Gulf, and to be clear, for example, just 2 months after the finalization day of JCPOA we had the arrest of Mughassil who was one of the masterminds of the Khobar Towers bombing that you both mentioned.    Hezbollah's transformation has, clearly, taken it to Syria. It has taken it to Iraq in small numbers. But, for example, the Treasury Department designated al-Inmaa Group, a Beirut-based engineering company which has been opening up basically fronts to finance and support Hezbollah activities, a small footprint in Yemen, which is most noticeable for the very high ranking Hezbollah operatives that they have sent there.    When Hezbollah sends a special operations commander like Abu Ali Tabatabai to Yemen, that means that Yemen means something to them, even if they're not sending large numbers of people.    Hezbollah's global criminal networks are on the increase and it's important to note that they rely sometimes on what we call these criminal super facilitators who can move and launder tremendous amounts of money in and out of Europe, in and out of the United States.    It's important to note that the Department of Justice, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, has been targeting a whole host of these actors.    To be clear, we don't actually know what this unit within Hezbollah calls itself. But U.S. law enforcement, for lack of a better term, came up with a name called the Business Affairs Component--the BAC--which to be clear is not operating on behalf of Hezbollah's political wing, for its social welfare wing, but it is specifically under and providing facilitation and finance for the terrorist wing, the Islamic Jihad organization, the external security organization, and was founded, according to the GOA, by Imad Mughniyah himself before he was killed in 2008. That's how far back this organization goes.    In terms of the Western Hemisphere, the BAC has established working relationships according to DOJ with South American drug cartels that supply cocaine to drug markets in both the U.S. and Europe.    The BAC then launders these drugs through well-known black market peso exchange and other vehicles. This has come close to the United States as well. One of the most important arrests we've made was of an individual who we lured to Atlanta, Imam Kubaisi, in October 2015, just 3 weeks after the end of the 60-day congressional review period for JCPOA. She was arrested in Atlanta.    She was arraigned on money laundering conspiracy charges, unlicensed firearms dealing, conspiracy for laundering funds she believed to be drug money and for arranging for the sale of thousands of firearms including military assault rifles, machine guns and sniper rifles to criminal groups in Iran and Lebanon, including Hezbollah. She also was trying to procure airplane parts for Iran.    And meanwhile, as associate of hers, Joseph Asmar, was arrested in Paris--again, underscoring the tremendous law enforcement cooperation we're seeing with key European allies.    According to the Department of Justice, Kubaisi and Asmar explained that they could arrange for places from South America--planes, that is, from South America laden with multi-ton shipments of cocaine to land safely in Africa as a transit point before the drugs were smuggled to the United States and to Europe.    DEA recording of the conversation of these two individuals with a DEA undercover discussing their money laundering network and the services they provided to drug traffickers, terrorist organizations and other criminal groups including places--in places like Lebanon, Iran, France, Belgium, again, Bulgaria, Benin, the DRC, Ghana, Nigeria, Cyprus and, yes, across the United States.    We see Hezbollah not only engaging in facilitation but also operational activity, the latest plot to be thwarted in Cyprus with Hussein Bassam Abdallah, a dual Lebanese-Canadian citizen involved in the stockpiling of over eight tons of ammonia nitrate, and according to intelligence officials that was intended not just for Cyprus but for further operations in Europe.    The fact is that there are activities here in the Western Hemisphere we need to be extremely cognizant of. The most recent plot to be thwarted was in Peru. The individual who was arrested, Mohamad Amadar, had married a dual Peruvian-American citizen who was a resident in Miami.    But perhaps the most--the thing we need to be most concerned about and which perhaps you haven't heard is that the person who was the handler for Mohamad Amadar, who met with him personally in Turkey, was Salman Al-Redda.    Salman Al-Redda has been indicted for his role in the 1994 bombing of the AMIA attacks. He came and went throughout South America in the years followed, never arrested, and he has become one of the absolute top--perhaps the top three or four Islamic jihad organization Hezbollah terrorist wing operatives personally in charge of operations in South America, and those operations continue.    My time is over, but I'd like--if you're interested I'm happy to tell you about some of the other things that Treasury, the State Department and the Department of Justice are doing.    There's good things happening from the United States regarding Hezbollah. But my time is over. I want to thank you for having me once more.    Mr. Levitt. I think one of the significant steps that U.S. agencies have taken recently is an effort to take the financial fight to Beirut where Hezbollah until recently has been banking with impunity.    The Treasury Department has been targeting designations that go right back to the heart of Beirut and we know that that's having an impact because Hassan Nasrallah is telling us so.    So in several of his last speeches including in particular in December in that speech he used I think 23 out of 55 minutes to deny that Hezbollah has any businesses whatsoever which, of course, it does. They're just not listed as Hezbollah, Incorporated.    Now, armed with the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act, U.S. agencies are really truly empowered to, in the administration's words, thwart the group's network at every turn by imposing sanctions on financial institutions that deal with Hezbollah or key elements.    Tony hit the nail on the head. The ability of Hezbollah to use Beirut as the core, as the hub of its literally international organized criminal activities threatens Lebanon's financial system, which is the backbone of its economy.    We can help Lebanon protect that financial system, not undermine it--to the contrary protect it, and when you speak to Lebanese officials who are outside of Hezbollah they beg for that assistance.    Mr. Levitt. If you want to be polite there's just a de facto relationship between Russia and Hezbollah in their cooperative support together with Iran for the Assad regime.    I'd argue it's much more than that. You effectively have Russian air cover for the entire pro-Assad axis which very much includes Hezbollah, as Dan mentioned.    But it goes much farther than that. It's not just the obvious things we can see when we're paying attention to the news and to what Russia is doing in the region, and while they may have removed some assets from the region they haven't removed as many as they said they had and Putin himself has been quite blunt to the fact that they can put them back very quickly.    I'm no less concerned about some of the illicit procurement efforts that I alluded to earlier in Europe in particular that are happening including in places like the former Soviet Union.    Consider the case of Ali Fayyad who, at our request, was arrested by the Czechs, a dual Lebanese-Ukrainian citizen who was procuring all kinds of former Soviet Union arms for Hezbollah.    Hezbollah took notice because Ali Fayyad is important to them and they kidnapped five people in Lebanon and eventually those people were released. Ali Fayyad was released.    We still have fingers into this investigation because Ali Fayyad was arrested together with two Ivorians, dual Lebanese Ivorian citizens who are still in custody in the Czech Republic, and while it remains to be seen if anything will really happen with it, last week the Lebanese Government announced that they are actually intending to prosecute Ali Fayyad, who was sent from the Czech Republic back to Lebanon on arms procurement weapons trafficking charges, not mentioning the T word, terrorism, the H word, Hezbollah, of course.    But this would be a step forward in demonstrating there might be some elements of the Lebanese Government with which we can partner with more than others.    Mr. Levitt. Yes. Everything. Right now for an EU designation of Hezbollah you have to make a definitive link to the terrorist and military wing.    But Hezbollah's no fool. In fact, they're quite good at layering and obfuscation. So they engage in all kinds of activities. They just don't put a Hezbollah shingle out there.    The only case we've had since the designation was not an EU action but a German action against the Orphan Welfare Foundation, which was a Hamas front organization and was caught making the mistake of openly providing some of its donations to the Martyrs Foundation, which can be tied, though some Europeans would even disagree with this, directly to militancy.    So designation wise, the EU can't really do very much. It does provide an umbrella so that if member states want to do something they can say well, Hezbollah is at least partially designated--if you can find that they're doing arms procurement, arms procurement, for example, is by definition probably not for social welfare or political activity. So you can feel more comfortable doing that.    I would argue they should feel comfortable doing it anyway since it's black and white criminal activity. Quietly on law enforcement issues we've seen great cooperation. But the designation as such doesn't actually empower them to do a whole lot.    Mr. Levitt. If they found someone or something that was doing anything for Hezbollah and all you'd have to prove was Hezbollah that entity could be designated.    Mr. Levitt. Asset freezes, travel bans.    Mr. Levitt. Given the huge increase in Hezbollah operations in Europe including a whole bunch of entities that we have designated, that the DOJ has indicted there's very good reason to think that a designation in the EU would empower European nations to target those activities in Europe.    Let me put it to you another way. Since the July 2013 partial designation of Hezbollah, Hezbollah activities in Europe have increased. I'm writing a study on it right now.    So that suggests that maybe Hezbollah has kind of called that bluff and by activities I don't only mean fund raising, logistics and procurement but operations as well as evidenced from the--not just the first Cyprus operation which was predesignation but the second one with over eight tons of explosive materiel which we believe was going to be sent farther into Europe.    Mr. Levitt. Thanks for those questions.    I don't know any Israeli security or military official who doesn't talk that way, not because they're looking to invite a third Lebanon war but because you don't stockpile--the numbers I hear are 130,000 to 150,000 rockets--to keep them as paperweights.    I don't think that they want to initiate. I had an opportunity to speak to a senior Israeli official this week. He said, we will not initiate but we will not allow Nasrallah to threaten the entire country, as he puts it, not just the north with all of these weapons.    And what we're dealing with now are more sophisticated weapons than we saw in 2006, both an increase in the number of actual guided systems and also maybe even more significantly because not all rockets are equal and the majority of their arsenal is not this longer--medium and longer range guided missiles but the GPS kits that they are reportedly getting from Iran which you can put on something like which they had in the past and you can make a dumb rocket smarter.    They're trying to cope with a situation where hundreds of rockets are fired at specific buildings in Tel Aviv and one can understand why they won't tolerate that type of a situation and as Tony said why they've made it very clear from a deterrent perspective that if it happens their response will be much more severe than it has been in the past.    Mr. Levitt. Thank you so much.    I don't want to take much time because I've actually managed to sneak most of it in.    But I did want to just add just as an example of some of the things that are being done creatively and some of the European cooperation we're getting, under the Counterterrorism Partnership Fund, the State Department together with DOJ and others have been able to put together a series--an international initiative to raise awareness about Iran and Hezbollah's broad range of terrorist and criminal activities around the world, engaging with partners around the world, not only informing them and teaching them but then teaching them how to use tools at their disposal and we're seeing actual cases come out of these including, for example, the U.S. co-led law enforcement coordination group, which we co-lead with EUROPOL, getting EUROPOL to focus on Hezbollah activities.    There are EUROPOL cases now. This is not a small achievement. Clearly, there is much, much more to be done but I see an interest in the part of Europeans because of Hezbollah's increased activities there, because of Hezbollah's regional growth and in particular in Syria and figuring out what they can do within their system, within their designation partial regime to work with us on this target.