    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Polis for holding this hearing, and thank you all for your testimonies. It has been great to hear about some of the innovative approaches and the work that several companies are doing to make sure that they have a healthy workforce.    My home State of Oregon has often been a leader in finding more efficient and effective ways to deliver health care and improve health outcomes. Following up on Mr. Courtney's comment, our Oregon legislature did just pass paid sick days, which is really important, to make sure that we have a healthy workforce.    We also in Oregon expanded Medicaid. A year between 2013 and 2014 saw a 63 percent drop in the number of uninsured in Oregon.    Recently, I visited a company called Provata Health in Oregon. It is an Oregon based health technology company, focused on workplace wellness, and they use digital technologies. They have an evidence-based series of wellness programs that are scientifically designed to create a healthier and more productive workforce. They have been the subject of peer reviewed studies and showed both increased cost savings and improved health outcomes.    I wanted to ask first Ms. Corlette, can you talk a little bit about how employers might evaluate the potential cost savings, and what kind of methodologies could be used to determine those?    Ms. Bonamici. I know just a few days ago the Center for American Progress talked about some of the state initiatives. Can you talk a little bit about some of the successful state models that we have seen?    Ms. Bonamici. I am going to try to get one more question in. We have a need for more healthcare literacy and the uniform Summary of Benefits and Coverage that was created under the Affordable Care Act, and I think it has made a difference.    Can you discuss how that tool for workers can help them make more informed decisions, and are employees more confident in selecting a health plan now that will fit their specific needs?    Ms. Bonamici. Do the employers on the panel agree with that?    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific, thank you.    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific. Thank you. My time has expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.