    Mr. Roe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, I applaud VA for consolidating these six programs that are different. That makes it very, very hard to administer. There is no question. We have got different rules.    Let me sort of lay out where I think falling short has hurt the VA like Mr. Abe in trying to get care. I have said this a hundred times if I have said it once in this hearing. I have made hundreds or thousands of appointments for people. It ain't that hard to do. And Mr. Abe could pick the phone up and call his primary care doctor and make an appointment in five minutes. I can do that right now while we are waiting. It is not hard.    We made it incredibly complicated and he had to wait almost six months to get an appointment with a doctor that he needed to see that his primary care doctor decided.    The other thing that the VA has done that has really hurt--in a group like my size, if we don't get paid promptly, we have enough cash reserves to survive that. If you are in a small one or two or three person practice, you cannot.    And when the payments have been cut with Medicare down to really very low levels, when you have an ACA out there that has created an out-of-pocket expense that most people can't afford, three or four thousand dollars out of pocket, they can't pay the doctor.    And then the VA decides not to pay the doctor. You are out of business. And that is why they don't want to see, and even the reimbursement levels. Most of us, many of us are veterans, some are not, you almost never talk to a provider who doesn't want to take care of a veteran. I mean, they just want to do it for a lot of noble reasons.    So my question, I want to start out is why didn't the VA just use a system like the Medicare is doing? They paid us promptly, quickly. I filed a lot of claims last year during my wife's illness. Blue Cross and Blue Shield, they figured it out. They paid the hospital and the doctors very very promptly. What is the big deal? Why can't you just do that?    Mr. Roe. Let me ask this question. These claims are paid out of what, 90 something different sites around the country?    Mr. Roe. And would you foresee a situation where one site would not pay one hospital to catch up the payments in another facility?    Mr. Roe. In other words, here is one medical center over here and here is another medical center and someone has directed the payment. This one is behind three or four or five months.    Mr. Roe. This one is caught up.    Mr. Roe. Would you just direct all the assets over here?    Mr. Roe. My time is about up. Let me--    Mr. Roe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank you, Mr. Butler and Mr. Fuentes, for your service to our country. A couple of things, I totally agree with Mr. Fuentes. What I have said for a long time is as a veteran physician, who served in the Second Infantry Division, I understand the needs I think of VA, of veterans. And why could I not be a veteran certified physician out here, but my bricks and mortar are off campus? You are absolutely right. And I could not agree more with that.    There is a difference between the VA and private practice. In VA, every year we appropriate hundreds, well billions of dollars and they have got a big pot of money. On January 1 every year in my practice, I have no money. So I have got to generate that income to keep my bills paid. And the last person to get paid is the doctor. Everybody else gets paid before that. So when the VA is holding up their payment, every other system in the world pays differently than the VA does for outsourced care. Medicare does, private payers do, they all do. We can assure and just to show you how the payment models have changed, I was very deeply involved, as Dr. Benishek was, on the SGR reform. Medicare now requires us on the private side to pay for performance and outcomes. And so the private sector is already ahead of VA in paying for that quality of care.    So I agree with you, Mr. Butler. I think there are going to be two systems. I think that the VA should embrace the private sector and identify quality physicians and provide quality care, and they are out there, and they want to provide the care. And then find a timely way to pay them. And then as Mr. Fuentes is saying, is to make sure that that quality of that care is as it should be. I agree with everything that has been said. And I think what we have to do is make this easier, so Mr. Abe, when he needs to get an appointment does not wait six months. I mean he gets an appointment in three weeks or a month or whatever his time, whatever his schedule shows. So I think that is what we need to get to. And I think we are all aligning up going in the same direction. I agree with you. And at home where I am, we have a very robust private sector. Many veterans out there, physicians, who want to see patients. I am in a group that had five, in an OB/GYN group that had five veterans in it. And so we were willing and able and more than happy to see those patients. And as I said previously, in the previous testimony in a large group you probably have the revenue to keep you going when VA did not pay you for six months. If you are a small surgical group with two surgeons, as Dr. Benishek may have been, or you are in a small internal medicine group, two or three doctors, or a family practice, and you do not get paid along with those other payers that are paying less than they used to, you shut the door. You lock the door and go somewhere else.    So anyway, I just wanted to make those statements. I agree with most of the things you said, except I think Mr. Fuentes, I think there is a way VA and I think the VA is moving to a different payment system which will be better for veterans and for the doctors and the providers out in the community. So with that, I yield back.