    Mr. Pinto. Thank you, Chairman Price and Ranking Member Yarmuth. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. The committee's goal of restoring trust for all generations is to be applauded; however, as the committee has observed, it is regrettable that government programs developed over 8 decades to meet worthy aims are now failing the very people they were intended to serve.    My research has found that the same is to be true with respect to decades of ill-conceived housing programs. In most cases, these policies increase housing demand, but do little or nothing about supply. When supply is increased, it drives up prices, layers the subsidies that are used, and a host of unintended consequences result.    First and foremost, it yields higher prices and higher rents particularly for low income or minority households, the very ones these programs were designed to assist. Today's subsidy laden, government-centric, finance system is something I called an ``economics-free zone.'' I call it that because it is indifferent to supply and demand. As a result, housing has become less, not more, affordable and less, not more, accessible.    Turning to the home loan market, 60 years of affordable housing policies have failed to achieve its two primary goals: increasing home ownership and achieving wealth accumulation for low and middle income borrowers. The chairman has already noted that today's home ownership rate of 62.9 percent is the precise same as 1965, and not much higher than 1960 or 1957.    Further, we have not been successful at building wealth for the very groups these policies were aimed to help. This is primarily due to excessive leverage, namely low down payments, 30-year mortgages that have a lot of debt leverage in terms of income. Home buyers have become addicted to debt very much like the Federal Government.    Federal lending policies rely on higher level debt to finance home buying by households with limited financial means. The debt is used to finance a single asset, one that is highly illiquid and has volatile prices and large transaction costs. This means they start with little equity and build more equity very slowly.    It gives them little protection against life's vicissitudes and volatile home prices, and the debt-inflated prices themselves create price volatility, and we just went through a cycle of that--I would only point out that in 1954, interest rates and financing costs were about the same as today, 4.5 percent including the mortgage insurance premium, yet the size of homes have doubled, house prices have gone up much faster than incomes. The only way that happens is to increase leverage, and FHA has done that with a vengeance.    The government policies create debt and fuel wealth, not wealth supported by real income growth. The result, we saw, was catastrophic, and it was due to these low down payment loans that are prone to default. Before this expansion leverage, FHA's foreclosure rate just about rounded to zero, and yet the home ownership rate was, as I said, about the same as today. Over the period of 1975 to 2013, this is after the leverage started getting added to the housing finance system, FHA borrowers would suffer 3.4 million foreclosures.    There were 3.4 million claims to FHA. Before that, these numbers literally were very low. One in eight such buyers suffered that result, and it is even higher in low income and minority households. The entire market since 1975 has experienced eleven to twelve million foreclosures. As troubling, the reliance of government loan policy on excessive household debt crowds out the ability to save for one's retirement and pay for one's children's post-secondary education.    As I said, total debt to income ratios have risen. Today, 1 in 6 FHA buyers have a total debt income ration, pre-tax, of 50 percent or more. We all know how this works. You are buying a home. You are told you can get approved for a loan of this amount based on your income. They are all calculated on a pre-tax basis.    The focus is not on how much you need to put forward on retirement. Not what your children are going to need to go to post-secondary education 20 years from now. It is focused on what is the maximum amount of house you can buy today. No consideration is given to these other items, and I have two charts included that describe that.    As you craft solutions, please keep these facts in mind. Wealth is the antidote for poverty. We have focused on redistribution, not wealth. Wealth equals one's accumulated savings for 50 years. Government policies have ignored wealth, focusing on income transfers. The racial wealth gap is 3 times larger than the racial income gap, and middle income and working class families need a straight broad highway to wealth building. I have laid out alternatives in my written testimony, and I submit those to your consideration. Thank you.    Mr. Pinto. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for that question. The problem is we have a debt-centric approach, so the income tax deduction subsidizes debt. The government, through all of the housing finance agencies and the guarantee agencies, subsidize debt, and this drives up the prices. Of the things you have up there, the thing they all have in common is an excess of government involvement, and in the case of housing and education, it is debt-driven, so the solution is to rely on less leverage, so you have to start with the income tax code and reduce the incentive to take out debt and have an interest deduction for that, and replace it with paying down the debt so that you are building equity in the home. You cannot rely on the price appreciation. We saw what happened there.    The second thing would be for low-income individuals. What we have done is a whole host of programs that funnel the money through a lot of third parties, either private sector or adversary groups. That is where the money groups and various government entities. We need to have the money go, as a rifle shot, directly to the consumer, so one of the things that we have proposed is a wealth building home loan, which would replace the 30-year loan with a small down payment, which virtually everybody has today, with a 15- or 20-year loan with actually no down payment.    Then, use that money that would have gone for the down payment to lower the interest rate along with other things to increase the buying power to be almost equivalent to what the 30-year loan is. And then for a low income person, for a household, you can add what we call the LIFT home, low-income first time home buyer tax credit, so instead of having these tax deductions that run for 30 years, and the more debt you take out, the more benefit that you get, and if you are low income, you do not actually get any benefit from that, you can target that to a low income individual and say, ``We will give you an amount. 3 percent. Say $6,000. It is one time. You have to take out a shorter term loan.'' You now have the wealth building. You put them on a path to wealth building.    The next house they buy 5 or 6 years down the road, they do not need any assistance, and if you couple that with savings for retirement, if you couple that with you pay off the loan by the time your children are 18 years old, all of a sudden, you have solved the education problem and other things.    Mr. Pinto. Thank you for that question. For me I have to bring it back to housing and you mentioned, Dr. Smith, Sarasota. There is a free market movement going on there in multifamily housing that has been going on for about 10 or 12 years. We have been studying it for about 6 months. We have a conference on it in about two weeks and it is called Economical Housing by Design. The subsidy programs are affordable housing buy subsidy. Spend $200,000 a unit for a rental unit and then subsidize it for the next 15 to 20 years. Incredibly expensive.    The alternative is to put higher density, put lower cost housing, smaller units, that is what the people, our service workers, need. And then, the management runs it and you can have rents that they can afford and you put it near where they are working. That is going on in Sarasota. We want to make that a model for the rest of the country. People start out and then they can move from an efficiency to a one bedroom, two bedroom, and buy a house. We used to do that 50 years ago. We got away from it. We locked people away in subsidized housing and that is the end of it.    Mr. Pinto. Thank you for that question. So, new urbanism has now been replaced by sort of the founder of it, with lean urbanism. And that is because the founder of new urbanism said it became too over burdened with excessive regulations and driving the costs up. And so now it is lean urbanism. We have looked at it, so Bradenton, which is just north of Sarasota, this developer that I mentioned.    After Bradenton heard about this in the newspaper, approached--it was actually Manatee County where Bradenton is located, approached the developer and said, ``We have this Knight's Inn that has 240 units and there is five acres or four acres next to it. Could you come in and do something?'' And so within less than a year he purchased that building, it got rezoned, converted.    He is in the process of converting 240 units to efficiencies. He has already converted 120 that rent for $625 furnished with utilities and then he is going to build about 130 units new, two bedrooms on the four acres. It is located downtown Bradenton close to service jobs and----    Mr. Pinto. Bradenton is one example. We are working with other localities. I did meet with a city in South Carolina.    Mr. Pinto. I have looked a little bit at that. Again, the other answer, it is a little bit of nibbling around the edge. I think you are better off looking at efficiencies at 300 to 400 square feet and one bedrooms at 400 to 500. Those sound small today, but those were the norm back 56 years ago before the Federal Government pumped everything up.    Mr. Pinto. I cannot name anyone offhand. But I can think about it but I cannot name anyone offhand.    Mr. Pinto. So, to specifically answer your question, a colleague of mine, Maura Corrigan, who was the head of the Department of Social Services in Michigan for 4 years, up until a couple of years ago, added up all the means tested programs, and I think there were 80 something of them, and only two or three have a work requirement. One of them she got added for the Department of Agriculture food stamps with the help of a Democratic senator from Michigan, and so that is really at the base of this; is that you have all of these programs that are not means----    Mr. Pinto. They are not even required to work in order to get the means tested assistance.    Mr. Pinto. I have a J.D., yes.    Mr. Pinto. Okay.    Mr. Pinto. Yes, thank you.    Mr. Pinto. So in my view, and I have researched this extensively, is the housing crisis was formed and created and resulted from housing policies promoted and implemented by the Federal Government, led----    Mr. Pinto. Let me just finish, and led by HUD, FHA, national home ownership strategy, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the private sector followed along, and the appraisal process, I will say, in the United States is completely broken, but that is also part of Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac----    Mr. Pinto. Thank you. And this all started in the latest cycle, in the early 1990s when Congress passed the so-called Safety and Soundness Act for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. We know how that turned out, and included in that was the affordable housing requirements, and that built up over about a 12- or 13-year period, including the private sector, which was brought into this by HUD. All of that is well-documented, and we ended up increasing that leverage, as I described in my testimony, and the result was 8,000,000 foreclosures. It was the result of errant housing policies.