    Mr. Fernandez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Ranking Member Lynch, other members, and ladies and gentlemen. It's a pleasure to be here with you today.    The ISIS appeal is truly revolutionary. This is a complete package, which includes a strong ideological component, deeply rooted in a specific Salafi jihadist reading of the period of formative Islam, a political project of building the caliphate state which is seen as a going concern and a 21st century appeal to substantive and consequential participation, aimed at youth searching for purpose and identity, in a seemingly aimless, empty, and hedonistic world.    Social media itself is not the heart of the issue. Social media is the accelerant. It's the thing that turbocharges a poisonous and powerful message. This appeal that ISIS has, has come closer than that of many other Islamic terrorist groups in mainstreaming its discussion. Mainstreaming its world view, and has, as other witnesses have said, ignited a terrorist media arms race with other groups seeking to match and even try to supercede what the Islamic State is doing.    The propaganda of ISIS is connected to the reality on the ground. The carnage in Syria and the victories in Iraq are eventually what led to the declaration of the caliphate. And we saw online support spike through the roof in the aftermath of these events.    What are some of the practical steps that can be taken? Number one, we need to realize that military victory is the best way to weaken ISIS propaganda appeal. There is a connection between the real world and the propaganda. The propaganda gets weakened when the reality on the ground changes.    Number two, as has been said here, there needs to be much better policing of social media. Not all social media companies are the same. Facebook has made real progress. But YouTube, Twitter, and others lag behind. It's overdue for Congress and for others to have a serious exchange of views, a serious conversation with social media companies on the terrorist presence on the Internet and how these companies violate terms of services, let alone the question of legality. Better policing of the Internet will decrease the number of ISIS propagandists and help those who are fighting it be increased. There is value in making it inconvenient for them.    Number two, people are radicalized in clusters as part of a personal relationship either directly or in person online. We know that recent converts, 40 percent of ISIS, people who want to join ISIS have been recent converts in the United States. And second generation immigrants are particularly at risk. We need to empower domestic and international civil society by both consistent funding and training to be on all the time, to be intervening and engaging with these lost and questing souls, enlist people who have a talent for engagement.    Third, Syria is important. ISIS seeks to present Syria as a mobilizing factor to mobilize people, to radicalize them, to get them to do something. They present a false image of the reality in Syria. And there is power in helping the Syrian people, victims of ISIS, survivors of ISIS violence, being able to communicate the reality on the ground that is often not known by a teenager in Mississippi or in California.    Finally, the last point I would mention is the issue of volume. Volume has value. We all know in our personal lives how you may see an obscure idea or strange idea be amplified by social media because a lot of people are pushing it. It's incredible to me that to this day, the United States, friendly countries in the West and in the Middle East are out numbered by the Islamic State. And you need volume to make the message more powerful. You need a network to fight a network.    There have been some small steps taken by the State Department, by friendly governments to begin to do this but we need to do a lot more. You need to encourage people and inspire them like ISIS does to do propaganda, or you need to rent them. But you need to find a way to form loose, open source communities of interest or swarms that can swarm back and push back against the ISIS message. It's not an impossible thing to do. It can be done. We just need to have a little more will and a little more support in doing so. Thank you very much.    Mr. Fernandez. I'm happy to take that. Yes, sir, it seems like the majority of the leadership are, if you talk about sheer numbers, have a connection with the Iraqi Army at some point. There was Islamization process that occurred ini the last years of Saddam Hussein where the Baathist ideology of the government was, they allowed Islamists to flourish.    But what causes ISIS to succeed I contend are three elements. One is the one you mentioned, absolutely Iraq. Two, Syria. And, three, the rise of social media. When ISIS does its propaganda in 2013, 2014, it's not telling people to go fight in Iraq. It's telling people to go fight in Syria because the Muslims are being killed in Syria.    So, yes, the leadership of ISIS is overwhelmingly Iraqi with a strong former military component. But the message that they use, first was about Syria and after June of 2014 is about the caliphate.    Mr. Fernandez. Thank you, sir. If you look at the propaganda, actually U.S. bombing of Syria is not a major element in ISIS propaganda. It's occasionally featured. It's not a big element in the propaganda. The number one element in the propaganda is about building this paradise on Earth, building the caliphate. Come and join us, come and emigrate, let's build the beautiful future, you know, like communists or Nazis talk about the beautiful future that you're building.    But if you look at the propaganda, they talk about America, the head of the snake. They talk about destroying America. But very few of their videos actually show U.S. bombing. That's just not there. There are a handful. But considering the thousands of videos that they produce, it's a tiny part of what they show.    Mr. Fernandez. They talk about the U.S. in general. In other words, for caliphate jihadist groups, the U.S. is the enemy. The U.S. is the new Rome. And they were saying that before we started bombing them. And if we stop tomorrow, they would continue to say that.    Mr. Fernandez. And conquering the world, yes.    Mr. Fernandez. Well, they want their ISIL area obviously to start out with. But the new five dinar gold coin that ISIS issues, on the back it has a map of the world.    And when the ISIS spokesman explained why the ISIS gold dinar has the map of the world, they said because that is the place that the rule of the law has to take place. And he says specifically it means three places, Constantinople, Istanbul of the Islamic prophecy, Rome, and America. Those are the three ones that they talk about. Obviously, this is rhetoric but this is what they say.    Mr. Fernandez. It's not a major element of it. It's there. But it would rank really low in the top themes that they use. It's not a primary theme in their propaganda.    Mr. Fernandez. They don't tend to talk about that. So actually it does. Because, obviously, if your message is , the Islamic State is here to stay and growing. And why is it growing? Because God's permission is that it is to grow. Anything that shows them as losers, anything that shows them as going backwards is problematic with them. So when a person is killed, obviously, they say this person is a martyr. But they don't usually play up that such and such a person was killed by the Americans.    Mr. Fernandez. I would make two points. I think your concerns are well-stated. There's a shocking reality, and that is that for millions of Sunni Arab Muslims in that area of Syria and Iraq, ISIS and ISIS rule seems as the least bad option considering the alternatives. That's a huge problem for U.S. foreign policy.    And on the rebels, on the moderate rebels, you're right. There was a golden opportunity earlier this year when Jaish al-Fatah, the Conquest Army supported by the Qataris and the Saudis took over most of the province of Idlib. This is a province that had a Christian minority and a Druze minority, so it was a golden opportunity for them to prove their tolerance. And the Christian minority has ceased to exist. They're gone. And the Druze minority was forced to convert to Islam. The rhetoric was a little less nasty, a little less hard-edged than ISIS, but the reality was not much different.