    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you very much, and good morning, gentlemen. Thank you for the work that you do. You know, I am so incredibly appreciative of everything that you all are putting forward in your testimony, your thoughtfulness. My first job out of law school was a narcotics prosecutor in the Bronx, so I understand this completely and the importance of the work that you do.    As a Member of Congress representing the United States Virgin Islands, I very much strongly support the bipartisan effort of reauthorizing the Office of National Drug Control Policy. I see how important it is, not only for our Nation in terms of treatment, but preventative as well in terms of stopping the flow of drugs in and out of this country and its transportation throughout.    For years, the otherwise peaceful communities in the U.S. Virgin Islands have been experiencing elevated levels of crime and violence. Much of it is related to our economy, and that economy has, in turn, moved tremendously to a growth in illegal drug trade. And we are very grateful for HIDTA's presence in the Virgin Islands, and would be in favor of increased presence in the Virgin Islands in Puerto Rico, because we are aware that much of the traffic of drugs that's coming into the mainland is coming through the Caribbean corridor, which many people are not aware of how much drugs are coming into this country through such a small area of the United States.    And so you can imagine, if it's coming through such a small and porous border in this small community, the effect, the tremendous effect it's having on the people that live there, neighborhoods, individuals completely afraid to go out not only at night, but now even during the day where we're having drug wars and shootings occurring, not even blocks away from schools in the middle of the day in this community.    And although a significant effort has been made in recent years to secure additional Federal attention and resources to address drug trafficking through the U.S. territories in the Caribbean, in our opinion, much remains to be done to help stem the flow of drugs and related crime, as well as to diminish the negative impact of drug abuse in the communities across the United States, Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico.    Now, in response to a congressional directive earlier this year, ONDCP took a major step forward in helping to promote a well-coordinated Federal response to those issues by publishing the first ever Caribbean border counternarcotic strategy. And I would ask you, Director Botticelli, as well as Mr. Kelley, as to whether or not you believe that explicitly including the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico and statutory mission of ONDCP would help ensure that drug-related issues facing the American's Caribbean border are fully included in aspects of your work.    Because we're so small in numbers, in population, people are unaware that almost 40 percent of the drugs that come into this country come through those two areas.    Ms. Plaskett. I will work as closely and be as supportive of you as possible in that. You know, our families and our elders, our children really need your support at this time.    Ms. Plaskett. Mr. Kelley, do you have any thoughts? I visited HIDTA's--the group in Puerto Rico about a month ago, was impressed by the work that they're doing, have been speaking with even our Coast Guard, who is doing quite a bit of that work as well, and would like to get your thoughts on this.    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you very much, gentlemen. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I'm going to be so impressed with working with you all in that, but know that, you know, I'll be on you. I'll be watching.