    Mr. Larsen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for the patience in letting me get back to my chair. Wasn't too obvious.    General, can you talk a little bit more about China--and I apologize I wasn't here, but I was here for your opening statement--in discussing the three categories of territorial integrity. There was the first one, but then you talked about its projection into the South China Sea.    Do you do strategic or operational assessments or tactical assessments about the intent beyond South China Sea and how China might be using its investment in surface and other modernization for projection beyond the South China Sea?    General Stewart. So we have seen not only reclaiming some 3,000 acres of land in the South China Sea, we also see increasing naval activity in the East China Sea, disputed territory with Japan. Building commercial capability on these outlying regions will ultimately mean that China will want to defend their economic interests.    So we are starting to see surface-to-air missiles being placed in the region. We are starting to see, as I have indicated, increased missile technology that can counter our naval forces. We are seeing outposts being built.    Mr. Larsen. Specific to investment with surface combatants though, do you see this as a test zone for operations beyond the first and second island chains?    General Stewart. At this point, the evidence seems to indicate defending the Nine-Dash Line and the territorial disputed areas. The aircraft carriers that they are building, the one that they built and the second one, I believe, they just commissioned, will not have the same blue open ocean capability that our aircraft carriers have, nor will it be able to execute air operations the way that we use our carriers.    So at least initially, it looks like it is localized. But some of the excursions now with port facilities in Africa and their submarine technologies suggest a much broader global capability in the offing. And I can talk more specifically about the surface capability in closed hearing.    Mr. Larsen. Yeah, I would prefer that. I will just follow up and I will yield back.    It is not just you, others out of the Pentagon and maybe the State Department have used the term they are reclaiming land. And let's be clear, they are not reclaiming anything; they are creating land. They are not reclaiming land that exists; they are creating land in violation of international law and we need to be clear about that.    If we say they are reclaiming land that doesn't exist by creating it, it sort of gives us some justification that it was theirs to claim in the first place. And I think we need to really push back hard on this because they are creating that which does not exist and that which is not recognized by international law.    General Stewart. I think that is a fair assessment that the territory does not exist. They are building territory. In the reclamation language, it suggests that they are falling back on their ancestral claim that this territory existed. It is part of their land domain, and so it is really just building that back in.    So technically, you are absolutely right; there is no territory there. They are building territory. And so the language is not as precise as we probably should have it.    Mr. Larsen. Yeah. All right. Thanks a lot.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.