    Mr. Misener. Thank you, Chairman Issa and Mr. Nadler, for your attention to this important topic, for holding this hearing, and for inviting me to testify.    Amazon strongly supports the U.S. Government's policy goals of maintaining Internet stability, security, and freedom from government control. But NTIA's planned transition of Internet governance functions to ICANN carries the significant risk that, despite NTIA's intentions, ICANN's multi-stakeholder process could be dominated, coopted, or undermined by national governments, ultimately jeopardizing these policy goals.    Amazon's recent experience in ICANN provides a warning that seriously calls into question ICANN's ability and willingness to uphold the multi-stakeholder model. The international community simply has not yet demonstrated its commitment to ICANN's multi-stakeholder process free from government control.    Ideally, this risk would be addressable through a transparent, rules-based, accountable, multi-stakeholder process, so there is a very important question for Congress to ask: Is the current ICANN multi-stakeholder process actually working free from government control? From Amazon's experience, it is not.    To the contrary, Amazon's experience provides a warning about government control of ICANN. Our familiarity with the multi-stakeholder process at ICANN comes from our application for several gTLDs, including .AMAZON. We believe the new gTLD program will provide a great opportunity for innovation and competition on the Internet, and we are thrilled to be a part of it. But our experience in the program raises serious concerns.    In brief, the ICANN multi-stakeholder community worked for more than 3 years to develop rules for gTLD applicants, only to have ICANN ignore these rules under pressure from a handful of national governments, principally Brazil and Peru in the case of .AMAZON and related applications.    Our repeated good-faith attempts to negotiate solutions with these governments, which have no legal rights to the term ``amazon,'' were fruitless. Other national governments also quickly caved to the pressure, and eventually so did the United States. This willingness of ICANN, other governments, and even the U.S., to abandon the rules developed in a multi-stakeholder process because of pressure from a few national governments provides a warning that seriously calls into question the commitment of the international community to ICANN's multi-stakeholder process free from government control.    The implications of this flawed treatment of Amazon stretch well beyond unfairness to a single company. This wasn't just a matter of ICANN and national governments, including the U.S. Government, failing to defend an American company, the treatment of which had no basis under national law or international law. More importantly, these governments also failed to defend the ICANN multi-stakeholder process to which they supposedly were committed, or to demand ICANN accountability. And if ICANN feels empowered to disregard its rules and procedures, as well as snub the United States, before the NTIA planned transition, one can only imagine what ICANN would feel emboldened to do after a transition were consummated.    From a U.S. perspective, the point is not only that my company's legally protected interests were sacrificed to geopolitics, it is the way they were sacrificed that undermines the whole ICANN multi-stakeholder model and sets a precedent for ICANN and the United States to quickly cave to future pressure from foreign governments.    Perhaps ICANN intended to demonstrate that it would not play favorites with American interests. If so, it went way too far, and instead of treating U.S. interests no differently than those of other countries, it consciously broke its own rules and harmed an American company. Bluntly stated, ICANN's current multi-stakeholder process is not free from government control. The mishandling of Amazon's gTLD applications is a blemish on ICANN's record, and because of how the rules developed in an ICANN multi-stakeholder process were quickly abandoned in the face of modest government pressure, this blemish is disqualifying, at least until cleared.    Favorable resolution of Amazon's lawful applications is a necessary first step, but this incident is only part of a broader question of whether ICANN and the international community are fully committed to the multi-stakeholder model free from government control. If the commitment is only superficial, the United States should recognize it and address it now, and NTIA's planned transition should not occur unless and until independent review and other robust accountability reform mechanisms proposed by the multi-stakeholder community are established for ICANN. The Internet stability, security, and freedom from government control are at stake.    Thank you again for your attention to this topic, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Misener. Yes.    Mr. Misener. Thank you, Mr. Forbes, very much. We have a very clear example of where the Government Advisory Committee stepped in and caused the board to reverse what had been a fairly straightforward process in which we had applied for a .AMAZON and some affiliated top-level domain names.    We support the proposed accountability reforms for ICANN, and I think they are a great idea. But I think, very importantly, they can't just be applied prospectively. ICANN always should have been accountable, and they shouldn't just now start to be accountable when they are forced to be so.    Mr. Misener. Thanks, Mr. Farenthold, very much. I think what Congress needs to do is ensure that NTIA insists on these accountability reforms, that they be made in ICANN's bylaws as a condition precedent to the actual transition of the IANA functions. Also, of course, it would be a very positive sign if ICANN were to move ahead with the .AMAZON applications, which were very lawfully filed, and the government interference came in and----    Mr. Misener. Thank you very much, Ms. DelBene. It really wasn't and isn't a draw. It is a loss for us. The reason why is we are the ones who filed the application for .AMAZON and its Chinese and Japanese language equivalents, and we have, to date, been denied. No one else filed for those. No one else has intellectual property rights to those names, including the countries in that region.    Those countries exerted influence over the Government Advisory Committee, which then persuaded the board to deny our applications. We followed the rules that had been developed over that 3-year process, that multi-stakeholder process. It was very clear in the guidelines, which are the rules that govern the application process, that the name ``Amazon'' was not in the prohibited class of geographic names. There is a whole list of lists, actually, within the guidebook, a very expansive list that includes things like Brazil and .BR and Peru, but nowhere is Amazon included in any of these lists.    So that process, which had developed the list of lists, just simply was ignored, under pressure from these other governments. Unfortunately, and it pains me to say so, but the U.S. Government ended up abstaining when they could have objected to this treatment of an American company.    Mr. Misener. Unclear. We have other options, I suppose, legally. But the main thing, it seems to me, is during this extended, now IANA transition process, ICANN should take this opportunity to make itself whole in this regard. The adoption of accountability reforms is coming, and those accountability reforms should not just be applied prospectively. They should be applied as if they existed today. ICANN always should have been accountable, and if ICANN considers the new, improved review processes that are going to be adopted and considers them being applicable from Day 1, then that I think would solve our problem.    Mr. Misener. Thank you.    Mr. Misener. Mr. Johnson, thank you so much. That was a perfect summary of our circumstance.    The remedy, frankly, is to ensure that NTIA ensures----    Mr. Misener. Thank you, Mr. Johnson. There is not a good remedy right now within ICANN. One of the proposed reforms for ICANN accountability would establish a stronger independent review process within the body. So that process presumably would have allowed us to have our day in court without the government influence that occurred. We are just afraid because, frankly, there is very strong bipartisan support in the United States, also support between Congress and the Administration that the Internet should remain free of government control, and right now it is not.    Mr. Misener. Yes. They should have maintained their opposition to this treatment of Amazon. They initially were supportive, but 2 years ago I met with the relevant leaders of both NTIA and State, and they told us that they were going to abstain. We objected both on our private interests, but also on the precedent that had been set for the multi-stakeholder model and the U.S. support of that model and its commitment to it. We were disappointed, for sure.    Mr. Misener. Well, that would have been an abrogation of the multi-stakeholder process which came up with that very definitive list of list of names on which Amazon was not included.    Mr. Misener. Well, certainly we are looking for an accountability process to be adopted so that there can be strong accountability for the organization. But we have something like 1,600 trademarks worldwide that incorporate Amazon, 149 different countries worldwide, including in Brazil and Peru. Those are protected trademarks. That is our global brand. It is our core business brand. So we feel very slighted by the participants in the GAC who decided that some geopolitical interest simply trumped our IPR.    Mr. Misener. It could be, and that is a serious concern of ours, that this could come up in a subsequent round and then be available to someone else who might have obtained that name, and then we would be in a very difficult position to try to protect our IPR worldwide.