    Mr. Botticelli. Botticelli.    Mr. Botticelli. Very well.    Mr. Botticelli. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee and subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the administration's proposed legislation to reauthorize the Office of National Drug Control Policy. It's truly an honor to be in this position and to be at this hearing today.    ONDCP was established by Congress under the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 and was most recently reauthorized by the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006. As a component of the Executive Office of the President, ONDCP establishes policies, priorities, and objectives of the national drug control program and ensures that adequate resources are provided to implement them. We develop, evaluate, coordinate, and oversee the international and domestic anti-drug efforts of the executive branch and, to the extent practicable, ensure efforts complement State and local drug policy activities.    ONDCP is responsible for issuing the administration's National Drug Control Strategy, which is our primary blueprint for drug policy. The strategy treats our Nation's substance abuse problems as public health challenges as well as public safety ones, an approach used to address drug control policy since this administration released its inaugural strategy in 2010.    In that strategy, ONDCP set ambitious and aspirational goals for reduction of illegal drug use and its consequences. We knew advancing these goals would be challenging. A careful examination of the most recent data shows that significant progress has been made in many areas, but we know we have far to go in many other areas as well.    For instance, we have moved toward achieving our goals related to reducing chronic cocaine and methamphetamine use and we have met our goals related to reducing lifetime prevalence of tobacco and alcohol use among eighth graders. Looking at our goals related to the prevalence of illicit drug use by youth and young adults, we find that marijuana use so overwhelms the data that the progress we have achieved in reducing the use of other illicit drugs is not apparent.    In addition to our activities across the interagency to address substance use disorders, ONDCP administers two significant grant programs, the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area program and the Drug-Free Community Support Program.    The HIDTA program was created as part of ONDCP's original authorization to reduce drug trafficking and production in the United States by facilitating cooperation among Federal, State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies. The HIDTA program is a locally based program that responds to the drug-trafficking issues facing specific areas of the country in which law enforcement agencies at all levels of government share information, enhance intelligence sharing, and coordinate strategies to reduce the supply of illegal drugs in designated areas. There are currently 28 HIDTA programs in 48 States.    The DFC Program provides grants to local drug-free community coalitions, enabling them to increase collaboration among community partners to prevent and reduce substance use issues. During fiscal year 2015, ONDCP was able to award DFC grants to almost 700 community coalitions.    The reauthorization legislation that the administration has provided to the committee would reauthorization ONDCP for 5 years. The proposed statutory changes would strengthen ONDCP's ability to effectively respond to the range of complex drug problems confronting our Nation today.    The legislation expands the list of authorized demand reduction activities to include screening and brief intervention for substance use disorders, promoting availability and access to healthcare services for the treatment of substance use disorders, and supporting long-term recovery. Language has also been added expressly making the reduction of underage use of alcohol part of ONDCP's demand-reduction responsibilities.    The proposed legislation would also extend authorization for the HIDTA program for 5 years. In addition, the bill will allow HIDTA boards, with the approval of the ONDCP Director, to provide support for programs in the criminal justice system that offer treatment for substance use disorders to drug offenders. Upon the request of a HIDTA executive board, the Director may authorize the expenditure of HIDTA program funds to support initiatives to provide access to treatment as part of a diversion alternative sentencing or community reentry program for drug offenders.    We all know that such programs have proven successful in a number of jurisdictions across the country in breaking the cycle of drug dependence and crime by assisting offenders to overcome their substance use disorder.    New language would also authorize the expenditure of HIDTA program funds for community drug-prevention efforts in excess of the current 5 percent level. Note that these expenditures for prevention and treatment efforts will be driven by the HIDTA executive boards should they see a need and at their discretion. In some instances, the use of a limited amount of funds to support a treatment program for drug offenders or to support a community prevention initiative may be means of reducing drug-related crime.    As we have discussed with the committee, ONDCP intends to rearrange its organizational structure to facilitate greater collaboration among ONDCP's public health, public safety, and international policy staff across the spectrum of drug policy. Our new structure will facilitate the formation of broad-based issue-focused working groups, bringing together staff with policy expertise. This internal reorganization is separate and independent from the reauthorization bill and can largely be accomplished through our existing authorities.    However, as most of the major drug control issues facing our country cannot be placed neatly into demand or supply reduction categories, the proposed authorization would eliminate ONDCP's deputy director positions. Leadership, however, will be overseen by the Director and coordinated through staff.    I am glad to be here to discuss these issues with you in further detail. We are continually grateful for Congress and this committee's support for ONDCP's work to address substance use in this Nation. Thank you.    Mr. Botticelli. Sure. Thank you, Congressman, for that question. And I think there's no more pressing issue that faces ONDCP and the country right now than the morbidity and mortality associated with prescription drugs and heroin.    You know, part of the work that ONDCP does is continuing to monitor these drug trends and make sure that we are putting resources and efforts against those. In 2011, ONDCP released a prescription drug abuse plan acknowledging the role that particularly prescription drugs were playing at the time as it relates to some of these issues. These included broad-based efforts to reduce the prescribing of these prescription medications, to call for State-based prescription drug monitoring programs so that physicians would have access to patients' prescribing histories, to look, working with our partners at the DEA, to reduce the supply of drugs coming from many of these communities, and to also coordinate law enforcement actions.    We also simultaneously called for an increase in resources, particularly treatment resources, to deal with the demand that we've seen for those resources.    And we've made some progress in those areas. We've seen reductions in prescription drug misuse among youth and young adults. We've seen a leveling off of prescription drug overdoses over the past several years. Unfortunately, however, that's been replaced by significant increases in heroin-related overdose deaths.    Mr. Botticelli. So when we look at data, it appears that only a very small portion of people who have misused prescription drugs actually progress to heroin, about 5 percent. But if you look at newer users to heroin, 80 percent of them started misusing pain medication. So we know to deal with the heroin crisis compels us to deal with the prescription drug use issue.    But we're also focusing on how we address the heroin issue, again from a comprehensive perspective. We know that some of this is related to the vast supply of very cheap, very pure heroin, in parts of the country where we haven't seen it before. As Congressman Cummings talked about, we know that heroin has been in many of our communities for a long time, but we really have to diminish the supply that we have.    But we also have to treat it, make sure that people have access to good evidence-based care. And we've also been working, quite honestly, in our partners with law enforcement to diminish and reduce overdoses through the overdose reversal drug Naloxone.    And, you know, I have to say I've been really heartened by how law enforcement across this country has taken on not only reversing drug overdoses, but also to the point of not arresting people, are shepherding people into treatment. So not only have we seen our law enforcement entities respond in terms of reducing overdoses, but are really accelerating and coming up with what I think are really innovative programs to get people into treatment.    Mr. Botticelli. Thank you, Congressman.    As you noted, one of the overriding efforts of our office is to restore balance to drug policy, that for too long we have used public safety as our prime response to issues of drug use in many of our communities. And under this administration we've really tried to focus on a balanced portfolio of increasing our demand-reduction efforts and treating this as a public health issue.    Our understanding of addiction has changed dramatically from understanding this just as a criminal justice issue, but as an acute condition and really understanding this as a chronic disease, that one that we can prevent. We've seen some dramatic reductions in underage youth use through our DFC coalitions.    But we also know that many times we have let this disease progress to its most acute condition. And so that's why we're calling for language to allow us to do a better job of screening people and intervening early in their disease before they reach that acute condition and before, quite honestly, they intersect with the criminal justice system.    But we also know that to treat this issue requires more than just acute treatment, that this is a chronic disease that requires long-term recovery. And we know that people need additional supports beyond just treatment, things like housing, employment, peer recovery networks. So part of our language change allows us to focus on that continuum of demand-reduction strategies that we know to be effective in dealing with this as a public health issue.    Mr. Botticelli. Thank you for those comments. And I too was very disturbed that the manufacturer decided at this time of great demand to more than triple the price of Naloxone. We know that it diminishes the ability of many of our community-based organizations and law enforcement to really expand this distribution.    You know, we have been pursuing a number of goals. I am pleased to say that just a few weeks ago the FDA approved a new nasal administration developed by another manufacturer. So we hope that that will continue to bring some competition to the marketplace and drive down demand.    We have also looked at establishing part of our work over the past several years of establishing dedicated grant programs either through existing Federal grants or additional dollars to help support the additional purchase of Naloxone because of this lifesaving drug. But it is particularly disconcerting to me, Congressman, that people took advantage of some of the incredible dire need that we have out there to significantly raise the price.    Mr. Botticelli. Sure. So let me go over in detail in terms of where our progress is.    Mr. Botticelli. And I will be happy to have a subsequent conversation with you.    One of the main measures we look at, particularly as it relates to youth, because we know that youth are particularly vulnerable, when we look at the decrease in prevalence, 30-day prevalence rates of drug use among 12 to 17-year-olds, that we have made considerable progress toward those goals that are----    Mr. Botticelli. Correct.    Mr. Botticelli. Correct. And clearly we know that substance use by young adults really can set a lifelong trajectory of pattern.    When we look at eighth graders, because, again, we know that early use predicts lifetime--often predicts lifetime use, when we look at illicit drug use, that's where we have not made progress. And, again, if you take marijuana out from other illicit drugs, that we have made progress, not on marijuana, but on other illicit drug use. But we have met the goals as it's related to alcohol and tobacco use.    Mr. Botticelli. So one of the other issues that we look at is chronic users, because we know that these are folks who often have addictive issues, they often are involved in criminal behavior. And when you look at a number of those markers in terms of cocaine use and in terms of methamphetamine use, we've seen significant reductions and we are moving toward our goal.    Marijuana use we're not. We're moving away from that goal. And we've seen a dramatic increase in the chronic use of marijuana, particularly among young adults in this country.    If you look at our marker that looks at reducing drug use among young adults in the country, we've seen no change. But, again, if you take marijuana out of the young adult use, we've seen significant, and actually would have met our target for reducing drug use if it were not for marijuana--increases in marijuana use.    Mr. Botticelli. Yes.    Mr. Botticelli. Clearly we are not, sir.    Mr. Botticelli. Yes, we are.    Mr. Botticelli. Sir, thank you for that question. The dollar amount reflected in the reauthorization language was actually taken from the President's fiscal year 2016 budget proposal.    Mr. Botticelli. And not representative of level funding of the program.    Mr. Botticelli. Great. Thank you, Congressman. It was a pleasure meeting with the Ohio delegation. I really appreciate your interest in this.    So to your point, first and foremost, we want to divert people away from incarceration in the first place. I expressed to you privately, I saw a really innovative program in Dayton, Ohio, where the police chief is actually holding community forums to get people into care instead of arresting and incarcerating them.    But to your point, for those people who are incarcerated, we do want to ensure that they have good access to high quality treatment. As Mr. Kelley talked about, unfortunately, that takes a tremendous amount of resources, and because of the prohibition on Medicaid, that often goes to the State, either the corrections or the State public health agency, to help support treatment, but unfortunately, too few people have access to them.    So any opportunity that we have to work with Congress to look at how we get additional--how we ensure that people who are incarcerated get good care behind the walls becomes really important, because we know those people come back to our community, and that untreated addiction, when they come back, will just perpetuate the cycle of crime and addiction.    Mr. Botticelli. We'd be happy to work with you because, again, I think, you know, any opportunity that we have to increase the capacity of our jails and prisons, to expand treatment capacity for people behind the walls is a top priority for ONDCP.    Mr. Botticelli. Sir, we had over 8,000 people die of heroin overdoses in the United States, and that was data from 2013.    Mr. Botticelli. That's the best available data that we have. I think there has been some estimation that because of--because of the information variability that comes from medical examiners and coroners, that that might be underreported, but that's the best available data that we have.    Mr. Botticelli. Let me just say that this is 2013 data, that we expect in the next few weeks to have 2014 data available. Based on my conversations and my travels around the country and what I've heard as well, I would highly anticipate that the number of heroin-associated deaths is far higher than that 8,000.    Mr. Botticelli. So the way that the reporting works is that county medical examiners, or coroners, report that data to the State and to the Federal level. You know, as I've indicated, there is probably wide variability and the reliability of that reporting----    Mr. Botticelli. --about what goes on those death certificates. We've been actually trying to work at enhancing the quality of our data, but again, this is 2013 data.    Mr. Botticelli. Okay.    Mr. Botticelli. Sure.    Mr. Botticelli. So we know that the vast majority of heroin that's coming into the United States is coming from Mexico, and this really compels us to not only work domestically with demand reduction strategies and with domestic supply reduction strategies, but with our colleagues in Mexico.    I was just in Mexico 2 months ago meeting with our colleagues there, and one of the main agenda items of our security dialogue was what additional actions that the Mexican government can take in terms of eradication of poppy fields, of going after heroin labs. We are seeing a dramatic increase in fentanyl-associated deaths, which we know that the fentanyl, which is this very powerful morphine-like drug that seems to be driving up deaths across the United States, but much of the fentanyl appears to be coming from Mexico as well.    So part of our overall strategy has to be looking at working with our Mexican colleagues, reducing the supply that's coming from Mexico, and working at our border to intercept more heroin that's coming in.    Mr. Botticelli. Correct.    Mr. Botticelli. I believe it's a Federal crime.    Mr. Botticelli. I'm pretty sure. I could--yes.    Mr. Botticelli. I am looking at my legal counsel who's telling me this.    Mr. Botticelli. I don't know the exact answer to that in terms of what you can expect, but what we do promote, Congressman, is that we know that many people who sell small amounts of a drug, largely to feed their own addiction, right, so these are not the folks who are preying on our community. But--so we want to make sure that those folks who are doing that activity, largely because of their own addiction, are getting good care and treatment. But, however, we want to make sure----    Mr. Botticelli. So I will tell you, Congressman, that honestly, when we look at public health strategies to reduce other issues, decreasing the availability and increasing price has been a prime strategy, and that's part of our goal with heroin. Because of the cheap availability of heroin, that we know that that has prompted the dramatic increase, part of the dramatic increase in heroin.    That's part of why we are focusing on domestically working on law enforcement to dismantle these organizations. That's why we continue to work with Mexico on reducing the supply, how we work with Customs and Border Protection to interdict more drugs that are coming in, because we know that there is this nexus between the supply of heroin in many communities and demand.    You know, I will be the first to admit that while we need to continue to ramp up our demand reduction strategies, that needs to complement our demand reduction--or our supply reduction work. I would absolutely agree that we have to really look at how do we diminish the--both the supply of heroin and the trafficking organizations who are moving it.    Mr. Botticelli. Congressman, thank you for that. You know, one of the things that we know to be effective with dealing with substance use disorders is that people need to be connected to a continuum of care, and that residential rehabilitation, removing people from their environment, giving them new skills, getting them jobs, are particularly important for people's long-term success. So we want to make sure that people have access to the--that everybody has access to that continuum of care, not just people who can afford it out of their own pocket.    I would agree with you that the administration has taken a look at the institute--IMD exclusion, and actually, Secretary Burwell just sent out a letter a number of months ago to State Medicaid directors basically saying that there are a number of levers that Medicaid can use to help support a continuum of care, but to also waiver from the current IMD exclusions.    I know, as I've traveled around the country, I use to administer State-funded treatment programs that many of our programs are under significant demand right now, and that IMD exclusion can seriously limit the ability of our treatment programs to serve more people. So we should want to look at how do we expand treatment capacity, how can we ensure, particularly folks who are on Medicaid, have access to that care.    The last thing that I'll mention is even in spite of the Affordable Care Act and Medicaid expansion in many States, that there are many people who remain uninsured, and I want to make sure that they have access to all of that care as well. So part of our goal at ONDCP in working with Congress is to ensure that our safety net funding, primarily through our Substance Abuse and Prevention and Treatment Block Grant, which every State gets, remains intact so that everybody has access to that full continuum of care.    Mr. Botticelli. So we actually--through not only the Affordable Care Act, but through the implementation of the Mental Health Equity and Addiction Parity Act, I think really have to look at making sure that we treat addictions like we do any other chronic disease, and that we reimburse for those services like we do with any other chronic disease.    So I think we need to use every tool in our toolbox, whether that's parity enforcement, the block grant, IMD, to make sure that people have access to care when they need it, not just because they can afford it. I'm sure you know, Congressman, that people who realize they need care often have to wait weeks before they get into care and often get very limited duration when they need long-term care and rehabilitation.    Mr. Botticelli. So we play a prime role. We know to your--first of all, sir, let me express my appreciation for you and your leadership on this issue, and particularly your focus on prescription drug monitoring programs, because that's been one of our prime goals is to ensure that every State has a robust prescription drug monitoring program.    I'm happy to report that that was one of our main goals when we released our plan. When we started, we only had 20 States that had prescription drug monitoring programs, and to date, we have 49. Part of our role is to make sure that those programs are, to the largest extent possible, adequately resourced. We know that having good real-time data availability, that sharing information becomes important.    Mr. Botticelli. Sir, those are through grants through the Bureau of Justice system.    Mr. Botticelli. To my knowledge, I don't know, but I'd be happy to work with you, Congressman, if there are additional eligibility requirements, that you feel like our--become a burden in terms of States not being able to have access to the--to those bills----    Mr. Botticelli. --I'd be happy to work with you.    Mr. Botticelli. Thank you, Congressman. So to your point, we are prescribing enough prescription pain medication in the United States to give every adult American their own bottle of pain pills. We all want a balanced approach here, making sure people have access to these lifesaving medications for those who need it.    You know, we continue to work with the FDA to promote abuse deterrent formulations, but one of the areas where we haven't made enough progress, and we'd love to work with Congress on this, is ensuring that every prescriber has a minimal amount of education around safe and opiate--safe and effective opiate prescribing. That's why we're really thrilled with the New England HIDTA in promoting--because that is often the place where it starts, right.    So I'm sure this dentist was--thought he was very well intended in treating someone's pain. I would assume that they got little to no training on pain prescribing, on identifying addictive behavior. So we've got to work on all fronts, not only on making sure that we make these medications more abuse deterrent, but also that we're stopping this overprescribing that we see throughout the country. It's really critical for us to rein in the prescriptions of this, and that critical point, Congressman, is often with a doctor/patient relationship.    Mr. Botticelli. So one of the things that we've looked at, as we've undertaken our reorganization, is how do we achieve greater efficiency within our organization to really focus on our main goals and our main mission here. And one of the things that we've looked at--and we are fully cognizant of our role, both to ourselves as an agency, to Congress, and to the American people, that we monitor performance, that we are--that----    Mr. Botticelli. So part of what we're trying to do is achieve greater efficiency within our organization.    Mr. Botticelli. Because what we've looked at is through the existing--we do have existing mechanisms within our current administration that monitors performance.    Mr. Botticelli. I think----    Mr. Botticelli. So I want to be clear and up front that there were elements of the performance review summary that helped in our ability to continue to monitor performance.    Mr. Botticelli. I will be happy to work with you because I do want to assure you----    Mr. Botticelli. And with GAO.    Mr. Botticelli. That we satisfy your request to make sure that we are monitoring and that we are----    Mr. Botticelli. I would agree. You know, one of the things that I do want to point to is that despite the fact that we have significant funding and increased funding for prevention and treatment, we know we have gaps in many parts of the country.    Mr. Botticelli. No. So one of the things we do work with the HIDTA program on is making sure that if they are investing dollars in prevention and treatment, that they go toward evidence-based programs, right.    Mr. Botticelli. So I appreciate your comments on this, and let me just reiterate that, you know, our purpose here with the language was, in no way, shape, or form, to dilute the main mission of our HIDTA program.    Mr. Botticelli. Okay.    Mr. Botticelli. Sure.    Mr. Botticelli. I think we can, and I think one of the things that we can work on is maybe establishing better criteria for--as we look at the----    Mr. Botticelli. I honestly don't know what the locals are saying.    Mr. Botticelli. As long--but I will say that they probably would object, and we would object if that dilutes from their main mission.    Mr. Botticelli. And probably on the HIDTA board.    Mr. Botticelli. Thank you, Congresswoman, for your question and for your concern. We share your concern in terms of look at trafficking and increasing crime in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. To do that, we have seen an increased flow in the Caribbean as it relates to some of the drug flows, so we share your concern, and we're happy to comply--to produce the 2015 Caribbean counternarcotic strategy, which addresses a wide range of issues.    We are actually going to be convening all of the relevant stakeholders in early 2016 to review our progress against our goals and ambitions for this, and have every intent, going forward, to include specific action items in our strategy, going forward, that address the Caribbean and U.S. Virgin Islands. It will continue to be a priority.    Mr. Botticelli. Thank you.    Mr. Botticelli. So the--part of the challenge----    Mr. Botticelli. Again, you know, it's not reflective of what our value of the HIDTA program is. I think you know in the current----    Mr. Botticelli. I know.    Mr. Botticelli. I think it's just a reflection of some challenging priorities that the President's budget has.    Mr. Botticelli. I could get that to the committee.    Mr. Botticelli. Sure.    Mr. Botticelli. As we look at data, the vast majority of prescription pain medications that are coming into the supply are coming from legitimate prescriptions. So we only see a small percentage that are coming from pharmacy--Internet sales or street level purchases. Seventy percent of people who start misusing prescription pain medication get them free from friends and family, who often got those from just one doctor.    But we know as people progress, they often do move from doctor to doctor, but that really comprises a very little proportion of overall prescription pain medication in the supply. So we know if we're going to deal with this issue that we've got to diminish the prescription pain medication.    Mr. Botticelli. So we know that about 80 percent of people, newer users to heroin, started misusing prescription pain medication, because they're both opiates and they act the same way in the brain. We do know, however, that when you look at heroin use, it's much, much lower as a percentage of use than prescription drug misuse.    So we know that it appears that only a small percentage of people are progressing from prescription drug misuse to heroin. However, because of the magnitude of the prescription drug issue, that has led to a really significant increase in the number of people who are using heroin.    Mr. Botticelli. So I think we have to distinguish between those physicians and dentists who are prescribing who are well intended, who are not doing it with a malice of intent, versus dealing with those physicians who are just doing this as a huge cash business. And we've seen that in many parts of the country.    Mr. Botticelli. So let me give you a very telling example. In one county in Florida, because of lax laws and because they didn't have a prescription drug monitoring program, 50 of the top 100 prescribers were in one county in Florida. And working with the DEA, working with the police, working with the prescription drug monitoring program, we were able to enact laws and reduce these huge pill mills that we saw that were often a for-cash business. So law enforcement and reducing those pill mills become a prime strategy for us.    But we've also been working with the Federation of State Medical Boards, who have oversight and disciplinary action as it relates to physicians who are clearly outside of the range of appropriate prescribing, because, you know, taking disciplinary action against those physicians and other prescribers who are clearly outside the bounds of what normal prescribing behavior would be needs to be part of our overall strategy.    Mr. Botticelli. Sure. We would completely agree with you that not only are we overprescribing, but in many instances people who need only a limited duration of pain medication are getting up to 30- and 60-day doses of that.    Part of what we've been focusing on, not only in terms of our prescriber training, but the Health and Human Services is in the process now of developing clear and consistent clinical guidelines as it relates to the prescribing of pain medication for these exact purposes of not only appropriate prescribing, but also not overprescribing the amount of medications that are given out in many instances.    Mr. Botticelli. You know, one of the issues that we're particularly looking at with our Medicaid programs is not only the implementation of these clinical standards to looking at, but also continuing to focus on what we call lock-in programs, to ensure that people who might be going to multiple physicians or multiple pharmacies are locked into one physician and one pharmacy.    So we're looking at a wide variety of mechanisms, both within our Medicare and Medicaid programs, to look at how we might diminish the scope and the associated costs with prescription drug use in both of those programs.    Mr. Botticelli. Thank you, Congresswoman. I'm glad I have the opportunity to talk about synthetics. And while we've been talking about the opiate addiction, you know, one of our prime concerns has been the dramatic increase in these new psychoactive substances. Both in terms of my job and as a resident of the District, I've seen the incredible impact that it's had.    You know, we have working with our counterparts in China, because we know that the vast majority of these precursor chemicals are coming in from China. We're happy to say that China just moved to schedule over 100 of these substances.    One of the areas, to your point, about how do we stay ahead of these new chemical compositions has been a challenge for us at both the Federal and State level. We're happy to work with Congress in terms of the legislation that's been introduced that would give Federal Government additional and quicker scheduling authority----    Mr. Botticelli. I believe that we have not been able to stay ahead of these new chemical compositions and we need to look at----    Mr. Botticelli. So I could get you an exact breakdown in terms of where our law enforcement efforts, but I----    Mr. Botticelli. Sure.    Mr. Botticelli. I'd be happy to do that. But I think to your point, you know, the vast majority of the resources that ONDCP and the Federal Government looks at are really for enhanced prevention and treatment programs. You know, we don't--and I think the Federal Government and the Department of Justice has issued guidance saying that we are not going to be using our limited Federal resources to focus on low-level folks who are using this for largely personal use. I think you've heard today that folks want to use every opportunity to divert people away from the criminal justice system.    But I do have concerns based on the data that we shared here in terms of marijuana use what the implications of both decriminalization and legalization mean for the people of the United States. I've been doing public health work for a long time. We know there are disproportionate health impacts, particularly with poor folks----