    Mr. Barton. I just want to say amen to the Governor of Maine. Move to Texas. We like your attitude.    Mr. Chairman, I am going to concentrate on the section of the proposed draft that deals with the Natural Gas Act.    Back in 2005, we passed a major energy bill called the Energy Policy Act of 2005, and in that, we gave the agency, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, additional authority to review pipeline applications. With all due respect, it doesn't look to me like the agency is using that authority. If we are going to shut down all these coal plants, Mr. Chairman, we are going to have to replace them at some point in time with some other kind of plant, and in most cases, that is--it could be a solar plant, it could be wind, but in a lot of cases it is going to be natural gas. So to get the gas to the plant, we are going to have to have more pipelines.    The good news is that we have lots of natural gas to send, to use in electricity generation. The bad news is we have to get those pipelines built to get it there.    So my first question to the gentlelady from the FERC, does your agency really want to be the lead agency, because it doesn't look to me like you do?    Ms. Miles. I believe that we have taken the role of lead agency. We have established regulations to carry out what was in EPAct 2005, that the commission is the lead agency and it does establish the schedule. And we do have a consolidated record. Whether the applicant chooses to take anyone to court, that is really their decision and not FERC's decision.    Mr. Barton. Well, but the proposed draft takes what we did in 2005 and gives the FERC some additional enforcement authority, not you personally, but your agency doesn't appear to want. Would you rather we took all that away and give it to the Department of Energy, or the Department----    Ms. Miles. I don't----    Mr. Barton . Of Commerce? I mean you are either going to be the lead agency or you are not, and my preference would have FERC be the lead agency. Number 1, you are smaller, the staff of the FERC tends to be more results-oriented, I think is a fair way to say it, so there are a lot of reasons to give you additional authority, but you have to want to use it, there has to be a culture at the FERC that you don't mind--if you are going to be the lead, that means you are actually going to lead. Sometimes you can collaborate, sometimes you can consult, but every now and then you have to say this is the way it is going to be, let's get it done. So I am serious when I--the draft as it is currently structured gives additional enforcement and enhanced authority to the FERC. Is that something that the agency is comfortable with, or would you rather we not and we give to some other--make you the non-lead agency? It is a fair question.    Ms. Miles. The overall question, I think we are very well positioned to be the lead agency. I think there are some aspects of the discussion draft that we would like to have conversations about. There are aspects that I think are very good. One of the main situations is, is there accountability or enforcement if someone does not comply with this. In this bill, you do have the aspect, which I have not seen before, of having the heads of other agencies, who many not have complied with the schedule, report to Congress. That is a measure of accountability that has----    Mr. Barton. Well----    Ms. Miles . Some potential.    Mr. Barton . My time is about to expire, Mr. Chairman, but I support the discussion draft's increased authority for the FERC if the FERC will use it, and if we can get assurances that it is something they are comfortable with. And I understand, when you are an independent agency and you don't have a lot of people, it is difficult to deal with some of these other federal agencies that are much larger and have more staff, much more bureaucratic, but the good news is if you are the lead agency and you will use that authority, the Congress will back you up, and will get more pipelines built and will get more energy produced, and will create a better economy. So there is an endgame that is a positive, if your agency will use the additional authority.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.