    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to begin by thanking Chairman Goodlatte for conducting the comprehensive review of copyright law and of the Copyright Office that we are now concluding. Over the course of these 20 hearings, we have learned a lot about what is working and also what needs to be improved. It's now our task to put this knowledge into action.    Fortunately, the Copyright Office has helped guide us through these difficult issues. And I appreciate all the assistance that you, Ms. Pallante, and your staff have provided us throughout this review process. I particularly appreciate your call for the United States to join 70 other countries around the world in providing fair compensation to visual artists through a resale royalty and your comprehensive report on music licensing.    Along with my colleagues Marsha Blackburn, John Conyers, and Ted Deutch, I recently introduced the Fair Play Fair Pay Act to correct several longstanding injustices that plague music creators. This legislation would ensure that all artists are fairly compensated regardless of where their music is played or when it was recorded and would create a technology-neutral system whereby Internet radio is on an equal footing with AM/FM, cable, and satellite services.    Ms. Pallante, you mentioned in your testimony that music licensing issues are ripe for action. Do you believe that Congress should move forward with legislation, such as the Fair Play Fair Pay Act, to enact the full public performance right? If so, why do you believe this is an urgent matter that Congress should address?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you. I think it's very well put, very eloquently put.    Similarly, do you believe it's important for Congress to take action now to enact platform parity, where all radio services play by the same rules? If so, why?    Mr. Nadler. It's a first step toward?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you.    Switching topics, do you think that the time is ripe for legislation on the issue of resale royalties for visual artists? In your testimony, you mentioned that several of the recommendations in your past reports have been included in the bill I introduced this Congress, the American Royalties Too Act of 2015. Can you explain why this bill would be a good foundation, in your opinion, if the Committee were prepared to act?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you. Going back to music, online music service providers today struggle to obtain accurate and comprehensive ownership information about the music on their services. Often such information is incomplete, not up to date, simply unavailable, or not in a format that is universally useable. The lack of ownership information prevents artists and composers from being paid in a timely manner. It also disincentivizes new service providers from entering the digital music space because of the threat of statutory damages for failure to appropriately license or pay creators and other copyright holders when they don't know who they are. What reforms do you think might be appropriate to remedy this situation?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you. Let me just thank you for your testimony and for your work.    And I yield back.