    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Thank you, Chairman. I want to thank all those here: Chairman Calvert, Ranking Member McCollum and members of the subcommittee.    As you know, GAO has conducted a body of recent work on BIE schools. In prior work, we found that Indian Affairs has been hampered by key management challenges, including a lack of needed expertise, insufficient oversight of school spending, and poor communication with schools.    Today, I will discuss the physical condition of BIE school facilities. The Bureau of Indian Education oversees 185 schools that serve approximately 41,000 students on or near Indian reservations in 23 states. In 2014, Interior's Office of Indian Affairs funded the operations, maintenance, construction and repair of close to 1,800 school buildings worth an estimated $4.2 billion. My remarks will cover preliminary findings from our ongoing study of these schools for your subcommittee. Specifically, I will focus on two areas: (1), what is known about the condition of these schools, and (2), the extent to which Indian Affairs effectively oversees and supports these school facilities.    Unfortunately, Indian Affairs does not effectively track the conditions of these schools, which makes it difficult to accurately determine the number of schools in poor condition. Back in 2003, we reported on inaccurate and incomplete data entry by school officials and limited training regarding how to use the facilities' database.    Our ongoing work suggests that the data are still problematic. For example, officials at one school told us that they did not routinely enter information into the facility's database because their staff lacked expertise and Indian Affairs had not provided them adequate training. As a result, they said that the existing information in the facility's database significantly underestimates their repair needs. We believe that inaccurate and incomplete data will continue to hinder Indian Affairs's ability to prioritize school repairs and target funding.    During our ongoing work, we visited schools in three states that reported facing a variety of facility challenges. For example, at one school, the old boilers have been deemed a major health and safety concern by the BIE school safety specialist. You may have seen some of the pictures of the boilers in the testimony. In addition, the school often needs to close down when they fail to provide enough heat. The staff at the same school also showed us exterior doors that did not lock properly and had to be chained during school lockdowns. Many of the entrances also lacked exterior security cameras, which relates to some of the safety concerns we discussed. These challenges were actually highlighted during our visit to the school when they had to perform a lockdown during our visit when a student made a Columbine-type threat.    At another school, we also observed a dormitory for elementary school students with inadequate clearance between the top bunk beds and sprinkler pipes on the ceiling. You may see a photograph of this in my statement. School officials told us that the students had received head injuries from bumping their heads on the pipes, and some students had actually attempted suicide by hanging from them.    Preliminary results from our work indicate that Indian Affairs has key, longstanding management challenges that are impeding its oversight and support for these school facilities. These challenges include limited staff and expertise to address school facility needs. For example, our preliminary analysis shows that about 40 percent of regional facility positions are currently vacant.    We also found inconsistent oversight of school construction projects. For example, at one BIE-operated school we visited, Indian Affairs managed a $3.5 million project to replace school roofs. Yet the replacement roofs have leaked since they were installed in 2010, causing mold and ceiling damage in the classrooms. BIA officials told us late in 2014 that they were not sure what steps, if any, Indian Affairs would take to resolve the leaks or hold the contractors or suppliers accountable.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. It is very large. It covers multiple parts of the school, including the gymnasium and many classrooms.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Yes.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. We can get back to you with that answer.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. They are under warranty, and they have been asking the manufacturer to come and fix it. It is a patch job here and a patch job there, and 6 to 8 weeks later there is another leak. They think it has to do with the way that the seams were constructed so that it is not a permanent fix, so they keep bringing the manufacturer back but nothing happens. So there are real defects in how it was installed.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Oh, if there are any other questions, please ask. This is all very troubling.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. I am sorry?    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Oh, in terms of what the legal options are----    Ms. Emrey-Arras . For the Department of Interior? That we would leave to the Interior Department to respond to, but there are potential legal claims that could be made against the supplier or the manufacturer.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Sure. In addition, we found poor communication with schools. For example, at another school we visited, officials told us that they had submitted a request for a new hot water heater because their elementary school lacked hot water. Yet Indian Affairs officials were unaware of the situation until we brought it to their attention. As a result, students and staff at the school went without hot water for about a year, and it was not fixed until a month after we spoke with Interior officials.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Please.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. It is a serious--we find it troubling.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. There are concerns about student health without the hot water.    In conclusion, our preliminary findings show that Indian Affairs continues to face challenges overseeing and supporting school facilities. Unless this is addressed, some students will continue to be educated in poor facilities.    We will continue to monitor these issues as we complete our work and consider any recommendations that may be needed.    Thank you. This concludes my statement.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Sure. We visited 12 schools in three states, and we chose them so that they would represent a range of conditions. However, some of those that were listed in better shape in the database ended up not being so when we actually went to see them. We found many things that concerned us. For example, we found a high-voltage electrical panel that was installed next to a dishwasher at a school cafeteria. This is a situation where you have a lot of water in the area, which creates potential electrocution hazards. That, I believe, was in October. The safety inspector noted it was a hazard. Since our visit, it has been fixed but we found it troubling that it was there to begin with, and this was new construction.    We also observed a school that had an antiquated phone system that did not allow phone calls between dormitory floors and other buildings, making it difficult in case of an emergency. So again, here is the safety issue. If there is a fire or a security concern, they would not be able to call from one floor to the next. So those were some of the things that we observed.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Unfortunately, there are more examples. We went to a school that later sent us information regarding a large concrete fragment that fell from the wall of a kindergarten classroom. Luckily, the classroom was empty at the time, but it is a concern if you have a new building where things are falling from the walls. We have also heard from multiple schools about reported leaks, again with new roofs that were installed in recent years. There was also an incident with a bus barn. You may have seen pictures of that in my statement where the barn was used--or built--so that they could store and repair school buses. Yet it was constructed in such a way that it could not fit all the buses when they were on the lift. As a result, they need to leave the outside door open if they want to repair a large bus, which is very difficult during the winter and not very practical.    So there were quite a few issues that we encountered during our visits.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. This is a good question, and this is something that has been going on for quite some time. We have reported on this in the past, and it continues to be a problem to this day. Our understanding is that Indian Affairs does not routinely monitor whether schools are entering complete data on their facilities. At that first step of schools getting the information in, it is unclear if it is always correct or complete. I think part of it is that we have been told that staff have not received training on how to do this, and that the last centralized training on the database was offered in 2012.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. That is an excellent question. We do know that there is a skills gap in terms of the agency not having enough folks with the right skills to assist with this issue. We will be looking at this more in depth as we go forward with our study to figure out exactly where those additional gaps are.    I think it all comes down to accountability though. These are federal funds, and they are not being used in a way that is benefiting children.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Mr. Simpson.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. We provided a statement of facts to the Department of Interior and received comments on those facts, and we incorporated any changes in response. I think there is general confusion among schools as to who to contact about facilities' problems. This is the issue that surfaced in the earlier panel about roles and responsibilities needing to be clarified, and I think that makes it all the more difficult for schools to know who to talk to when there is a problem. So I think that is an issue. We have previously recommended that Indian Affairs develop a communications strategy so that they can avoid some of those communication pitfalls. However, that recommendation has yet to be implemented by the Department so that is one thing that could be done.    Similarly, we have made a recommendation that the Department develop a workforce plan to make sure it has the right number of people with the right skills to do the work. That recommendation is still outstanding as well and has not been implemented.    So those are some immediate steps that could be done to help improve the situation, and we will continue to look at these issues as we move forward.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Right. It is all relative.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. We also have questions to the extent that they use data from the facilities database to create that list because our understanding is that there are significant issues with that data.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Right.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Sure. I would say that clarifying offices' roles and responsibilities is important in addition to implementing our prior recommendation on developing a communications strategy. They may also want to turn their attention to their directory, which has not been updated in several years. I think if people have the right contact information for folks, that can help with the communication process as well. So I think there are some small steps that can make a big difference.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. It is not just you.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Well, we can definitely look into that more as we continue on. This is really the midway point for us, and we have more site visits to do as we go forward.    I would say that obviously there are differences in terms of how the schools are run, whether they are tribally operated or BIE operated. That said, in terms of facilities management, Indian Affairs does play a significant role in terms of funding the schools, regardless of how they are operated, whether they are BIE operated or tribally run. Indian Affairs also owns the majority of all school facilities, about two-thirds. The tribes own about a third.    So those are some of the things that we have learned so far. We are going to continue our exploration.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. I think we will be looking into that, especially given the concerns that we found with some of the contractors that have put in those new roofs. It definitely raises the issue of accountability, on the contractor side or the supplier side.    In terms of promising practices, I want to let you know that as we go forward, we are also going to be looking at some additional models that are being used to come up with other ways of managing facilities. For example, in Oklahoma, I know four schools came together to jointly hire two architects and a technician to help with their schools. So by having the tribes come together, they were able to jointly fund these positions so they were able to cover more schools. And so we will be looking at that as an alternative model and others that schools may be proposing to see if they also offer possibilities for the Department to encourage others to adopt as well.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Well, we are definitely talking to our lawyers, who are very familiar with options available, and we will be involving them in our review as we go forward to talk about potential remedies.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. And one of those schools, if I may say so, was built on a swamp.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Those are really helpful points. To go to your earlier point, we will definitely explore the issue in terms of the links with higher-education institutions to see if there are opportunities there.    In terms of the larger talent management or human capital examination, to my knowledge, we have not done that in recent years. We have touched on it in some of our prior work on management challenges, but we have not done an overall human capital evaluation. If that is something that the subcommittee would be interested in, we would be happy to do additional work.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Not at this time. It is something we can certainly look into.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. We have noted, as you point out, that these schools do face additional costs that a lot of public schools do not face. They have to often have their own water and sewer systems. They may need their own fire protection systems given their remote locations. That is something that we have observed and is something that is relatively outside of their control. So I think we will be looking to see how that factors into our findings as we go forward. We will think about how our recommendations would affect that issue as well.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Right. I do not know if I can speak globally for everyone in terms of what it feels like when they hear that GAO is coming to visit. I would say that some school officials, at least on this study, have been very receptive to our efforts and are very interested in us coming to see their facilities to talk about the concerns they have because they are very concerned about the environments that their students are experiencing, and they want people to know what is going on.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. We have also had a lot of cooperation from the Department, and I would say the majority of our recommendations on this issue have been agreed to by the Department.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. I am happy to come back.