    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We have an important hearing today. The public comes in regular contact with the Transportation Security Administration. We have a fairly new administrator who I have had a chance to visit with, but it is important as the Oversight Committee that we continue to take a look at what is happening or not happening at the TSA.    So today, we are going to have our second hearing examining the management practices and misconduct that we have heard about and seen about and investigated at the Transportation Security Administration.    And this time of year the traveling public picks up kids and families, and people are traveling sometimes at record levels. People get frustrated. They go to airports, there are long lines, there is frustration, but at the same time we have to find a balance to make sure that those airplanes are properly secure because the enemy, terrorists and whatnot, they only need to get by once. And they deal with millions of passengers on a weekly basis at the TSA.    We have a lot of good men and women who serve on the frontlines who are trying to do the best job that they can and dealing with a frustrated public sometimes it is hot and they are sweaty and they are late, and there are a lot of issues to deal with.    Last summer, the Department of Homeland Security inspector general performed a covert testing of TSA's airport security screening and found ``failures in the technology, failures in TSA procedures, and human error.'' There were very alarming rates of success for penetration beyond the lines in being able to bring something nefarious onto an airplane.    Although some of the inspector general's recommendations are still outstanding in the wake of the testing, the TSA claims they are making progress and training its employees to be more thorough in resolving these security concerns, yet the progress may be undermined if TSA employees continue to quit at their current rates. The agency loses around 103 screeners each week through attrition. As the administrator has told me, a lot of these are part-time employees. But nevertheless, it is very expensive to get somebody trained up and bring on to only have them leave later on in the process.    In the year 2014 the agency hired 373 people but had 4,654 departures. You can see where--if you think of it as a bathtub, if you are pouring water into it but the drain is going out faster than you can keep people in that tub, that there gets to be a problem.    We are very concerned about the morale at the Transportation Security Administration, the TSA. The government does do, I think, a good thing. It goes out and ranks and does surveys and comes up with a scientific way to assess the various agencies. Of the 320 agencies, the TSA ranked 313th. This is an alarming trend throughout Homeland Security, not just the TSA. There are a number of these agencies, including the Secret Service and others, that are near the very, very bottom of agencies that are ranked.    It is something that has to be assessed. And there are probably reasons for this, and we want to understand that. We have a duty and obligation to the Federal employees, and you worry that people in a security type of situation with low morale, you don't necessarily get the best security and the best product out of that.    Two weeks ago, one of our witnesses testified that he believed ``while the new administrator of the TSA has made security a much-needed priority, once again, we remain an agency in crisis.'' He attributed poor leadership and oversight of senior leadership appointments in the last several years as major contributing factors. In testimony before this committee he alleged a double standard within the TSA. We have heard senior leaders in the agency are treated with far more leniency than the TSA's rank-and-file employees.    Now, we have one situation. I don't know this man; I don't believe I have ever met him. If I did, I again don't remember it. But he is a very senior person. As the assistant administrator of the Office of Security Operations, there is a gentleman, his name is Kelly Hoggan. He receives a base compensation of $181,500, a very healthy salary. Since his promotion to that position in 2013, security operations at TSA have been abysmal.    Again, the inspector general I think we will hear testify today the penetration tests that were done previously were nothing close to successful. They were successful in getting objects and items through security, but they were, from a security standpoint, absolutely rock bottom in terms of their performance.    Yet during this time, in September 2014, the inspector general found that despite spending $551 million on new equipment and training, the TSA had not improved its checked baggage screening at all since the IG report found vulnerabilities in 2009.    Last summer, covert testing by the inspector general revealed an alarming high-rate failure rate that was widely reported by the media. Yet whistleblowers reported that instead of being held accountable for those failures, Mr. Hoggan received an amazing amount of bonuses beginning in 2015.    I want to show you a slide here.    Chairman Chaffetz. Not to pick on this person, but this is what is so frustrating, and the rank-and-file sees this. He is earning a base salary of $181,500, and in 13 months he gets $90,000 in bonuses. That is just his bonuses. Nine times he is getting bonuses over a 13-month period. That is in addition to his health care and all the other things, retirement that he will get. People don't understand that.    Let me go to this next slide.    Chairman Chaffetz. So here you have John Halinski, who I don't believe works at the Administration anymore. He makes a recommendation to the person at the bottom, a guy named Joseph Salvatore, who makes a recommendation that Kelly Hoggan get a bonus, and then Halinski, who made the recommendation to Salvatore, Salvatore recommends Hoggan get a bonus and then Halinski gives him that bonus. It happened four times.    Go back if you could to that first slide.    Chairman Chaffetz. So you got rank-and-file people working hard, trying to do the right thing. We have massive security failures based on what the inspector general is doing, and this person at the senior part of the food chain gets $90,000 in bonuses. I don't understand that. This didn't even necessarily happen during this administrator's watch, but we want to know what is being done to clean this up.    If you can go to the next--you can take that slide down. Thank you.    So how did he get this done? In the normal scenario, the President has to approve any bonuses over $25,000. OPM has to approve bonuses over $10,000, and yet Title 5 in OPM regulations don't apply to the TSA, and that is why I think we are going to have to go back and review this.    When the IG investigated that after a whistleblower tip it found in July of 2015 TSA had no clear policies prohibiting an arrangement such as we had just seen and only ``loose internal oversight of the awards process.'' I hope we are going to hear that this has been cleaned up and that they can be more fair and more equitable and truly rewarding those people that are having success. The frustration is it is not as if we have had success. Those bonuses were given to somebody who oversees a part of the operation that was in total failure. This is contributing, I think, to the massive problems of morale and other challenges that we have.    Administrator Neffenger has many challenges to overcome in restoring the confidence of the rank-and-file, and even the perception that some current leaders have been part of the problem can continue to harm morale within the ranks of the TSA. More significantly, it can deter TSA employees from speaking up about security challenges, which ultimately impacts the core responsibility of the agency to keep America's transportation safe.    Last November, the inspector general testified ``creating a culture of change within TSA and giving the TSA workforce the ability to identify and address risk without fear of retribution will be the new administrator's most critical and challenging task and something I am sure that we are going to talk about today.    Chairman Chaffetz. You know, we have somebody on our panel who has spent considerable time dealing with the TSA and transportation. It was the chairman of the Transportation Committee here in the Congress, and I would like to yield some time to Mr. Mica of Florida.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now will recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    I now recognize our witnesses of today's one panel. I am pleased to welcome Mr. Peter Neffenger, administrator of the Transportation Security Administration; and Mr. John Roth, inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security. We welcome you both.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. You have each testified here previously, but if you would please rise and raise your right hand.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Let the record reflect that the witnesses each answered in the affirmative.    As you know, we like to limit the oral testimony to 5 minutes, but of course your entire written statement will be entered into the record.    Mr. Neffenger, Administrator Neffenger, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the administrator.    I will now recognize Inspector General Roth for his testimony. You are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me here to testify this morning.    One year ago, I testified before this committee at a hearing on TSA's programs and operations. During that hearing, I testified that we remain deeply concerned about TSA's ability to execute its important mission. I noted that TSA had challenges in almost every area of its operations. At the time, I testified that TSA's reluctance to correcting security vulnerabilities that our audits uncovered reflected TSA's failure to understand the gravity of the situation.    Six months ago, I testified before this committee and stated that I believe that the new administrator had begun the process of critical self-evaluation and, aided by the dedicated workforce of TSA, was in a position to begin addressing some of these issues. I predicted that the new administrator's most critical and challenging task would be to create a culture of change by giving the workforce the ability to identify and address risks without fear of retribution.    Today, I still believe that to be true. However, we should not minimize the significance of the challenges that TSA faces and the grave risks that failure brings. The task is difficult and will take time. In the meantime, my office will continue to conduct audits, inspections, and investigations and bring an independent look and professional skepticism to our reviews, as we are required to do.    In light of part I of the committee's hearing, I would like to discuss our office's work in investigating misconduct within the TSA workforce. As you know, we are organizationally independent from both DHS and TSA, and as such, have a crucial role in ensuring that crimes and serious misconduct will be investigated by an independent fact-finder.    The department employs more than 400--240,000 employees and an equal number of contractors. We have fewer than 200 investigators onboard and available to conduct investigation, so this amounts to approximately 2,000 employees for every OIG investigator. In fiscal year 2015 we received almost 18,000 complaints, about 350 complaints per week. A substantial number of those complaints alleged that DHS personnel engaged in misconduct. Last year, we initiated 664 cases, and our investigations resulted in 104 criminal convictions and 37 adverse personnel actions. Some of these investigations involved TSA personnel.    In the last fiscal year, we received about 1,000 complaints either from or about TSA employees. We typically accept for investigation only about 40 of those cases per year. Our criteria for case selection involves an assessment of the seriousness of the allegation, the rank or grade of the individual involved, and whether OIG's uniquely independent role is necessary to ensure that the case is handled appropriately.    We value the contributions that whistleblowers make in identifying fraud, waste, and abuse. Federal law provides protections for employees who disclose wrongdoing. Specifically, the agency may not retaliate against employees by taking or threatening to take adverse personnel action because they report misconduct. The IG act also gives me the absolute right to protect the identity of our witnesses upon whom we depend to expose fraud, waste, and abuse.    In TSA, for example, we investigated a whistleblower's allegation that a notorious felon was granted expedited screening through pre-check. The traveler was a former member of a domestic terrorist group and while a member was involved in numerous felonious criminal activities that led to arrest and conviction. After serving a multiple-year sentence, the traveler was released from prison.    The TSA officer gave us the tip because the officer recognized the traveler from news coverage. We investigated it and found that the officer was correct. Because of TSA's policies at the time, this traveler was given expedited screening. We were able to write up a report and give notification both to the Department and Congress, including this committee.    Thanks in part to this whistleblower's complaint, we were able to illustrate the dangers of this policy, and TSA has ultimately rethought the issue of managed conclusion.    I would also note that the chairman's description of the bonuses that Mr. Hoggan received in our investigation of it was as a result of an alert DHS employee who notified us of that situation.    When I arrived at OIG about 2 years ago, I was concerned about how we had been managing our whistleblower protection program. My goal is to make sure that we have a whistleblower program that is good or better than any in the Federal Government. To that end, we have instituted a number of changes in the last 6 months to ensure that whistleblowers with claims of retaliation are listened to and that their claims are fairly and independently investigated.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my testimony. I welcome any questions you or other members of the committee may have.    Chairman Chaffetz. We thank you both and now recognize Mr. Mica of Florida for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentlewoman's time ----    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentlewoman's time is expired, but the administrator may answer.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I will now recognize the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Duncan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. Kelly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I will now recognize the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Gosar, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, from Maryland.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I would now recognize ----    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Connolly.--for the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connelly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Russell, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer.    Chairman Chaffetz. I haven't asked questions yet, so I would like to recognize myself now for probably more than 5 minutes.    So let's talk about the involuntary reassignments or the directed reassignments. You have spoken about that. You said there is or is not evidence that that was done as a retaliatory action?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, the Office of Special Counsel has already stated Andrew Rhoades' directed reassignment, as well as Becky Roering's suspension, due to evidence that there were cases of improper whistleblower retaliation. Are you telling me that they haven't given you the final report? Is that what you are waiting for or ----    Chairman Chaffetz. What about Becky Roering's?    Chairman Chaffetz. And you have no other evidence of any other ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Roth, do you have anything to shed on this?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. Administrator, we have particularly over the last 6 months--I have got kind of one page--a two-sided page here of outstanding requests that we have from this committee. We will give you a copy of this. I don't expect you on the spot to respond to it, but there are some that have had no--I see you have a copy there. Again, I don't you on the spot, but we need help getting these responses in a timely manner. Some have been good, but others have been not so good. Some we have had nothing on. We get very frustrated with having to do in camera reviews. We handle classified intelligence on a regular basis. I just need your support in responding to these outstanding requests.    Chairman Chaffetz. I want to go back to what Mr. Palmer was talking about. You said you vet daily. When somebody--I want to get a crystal-clear picture. When somebody applies and goes through the process of working for the TSA, they get what sort of background check?    Chairman Chaffetz. And there are some infractions that would still be acceptable to be hired as a TSA ----    Chairman Chaffetz. If you can provide that, whatever the current standard is.    Chairman Chaffetz. And then you said you vet those daily, but how do you--if somebody were to get arrested, somebody had an assault charge or a murder charge or, you know, pick something heinous, how would you know that once they have been hired?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, after they have been hired.    Chairman Chaffetz. How often?    Mr. Neffenger.--background checks. I believe it's on a--I believe it's an annual basis. I'll verify that. And then we do daily recurrent--I mean, it's just a continuous test, check against the terrorist screening database for our employees.    Chairman Chaffetz. Four hundred and fifty or so airports, I am not sure how many ports you are dealing with. How many of these--you mentioned 900,000 security badges of all sorts.    Chairman Chaffetz. In the aviation system. So how many of those are--do you have a sense of how many of those have biometric information, whether it would even be as simple as a photograph on them?    Chairman Chaffetz. When you say biometric, do--one of the issues in the past is they didn't have readers. They didn't have electronic readers for each of these ----    Chairman Chaffetz. So you shouldn't be able to use it in an airport?    Chairman Chaffetz. You use it in the maritime ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Shipping, cruise lines, things like that ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. That is one of my bigger concerns is the access that so many people have. I mean, Dulles airport alone my understanding is there is some 16,000 security badges out there.    To Mr. Palmer's point, what he was talking about is, you know, why not check people who go--why not check TSA employees as they go in and out? And you check a pilot. I stand there and, you know, they go to the front of the line, as they should. Pilots are checked. My goodness, if we are trusting somebody, it is trusting the pilot. Why not check each person?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, but if they pop some--pick whatever you want--in a backpack and they just walk past, you would never know, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. No ----    Chairman Chaffetz. By and large, I am sure they are really good people, but, again, when you have a zero tolerance for--you have to keep security at its highest level. I just don't understand that. We check a pilot, we check the flight attendants, but we don't check the TSA folks going. And you have had arrests. I mean, there have been problems.    Chairman Chaffetz. It is not as if it has never happened before. Your ability to move drugs or weapons or anything else across that line--Mr. Roth, do you have any insight into this?    Chairman Chaffetz. I want to move to dogs if I could. I am a huge fan of dogs. The person I want to sit next to on the airplane is the person who has had their luggage screened, has had their handheld information screened, they walked through a metal detector, and they have walked by a bomb-sniffing dog.    I have never seen some of the technology that is used at the airport. I have never seen it at the White House. I don't see it in Afghanistan where they are dealing with improvised explosive devices on a daily basis. I don't see it in a lot of other places. Europe has banned some of this technology, and yet we still use it here in the United States.    And I appreciate your comments about the dogs, but the single best way to secure an airport from an improvised explosive device is a dog. Would you disagree with that or agree with that?    Chairman Chaffetz. We need more of them, and I hope the appropriations follow appropriately.    I want to compliment TSA also on its Instagram presence. You want to see an entertaining Instagram, go ahead and go to the TSA one. I will put in a plug for it. You have got some, I think, 400 plus thousand people that are looking at it. But it is also kind of scary because almost on a daily basis, I mean, the one I looked at just now there was a live smoke grenade that somebody tried to bring onto an airport. At BWI there was a picture of a gun that they had taken off a person.    The rise of people bringing or attempting to bring guns on an airplane is astronomical. I mean, the statistics on this are quite high. My question--and maybe you can shed light on what that is happening--but I don't see that there is any consequence. I don't hear anybody is getting prosecuted. We have a $10,000 fine, you can go to jail, but find me a person in this country that has violated that. And if you don't know, if you don't understand at this point in time that you can't bring a gun on the airplane, where in the world have you been living?    And a lot of people I know will come to the TSA and say, oh, well, I forgot I had my gun in my backpack, gosh darn it. Well, go put it back in your car. I mean, I believe in the Second Amendment. I am as pro-gun as you get. But if you are an idiot and you don't know you have got a gun on you and it is loaded and you are trying to bring it on an airplane, why aren't some of these people going to jail every once in a while?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, what would the call be--what would you like local law enforcement to do?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. So live smoke grenade, trying to bring it on an airplane, what should happen? Are you encouraging--I guess I am trying to ----    Chairman Chaffetz. All right. I have far exceeded my time.    Let's recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I will go to Mr. Cummings for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize Mr. Mica from Florida for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. As we wrap up here, Mr. Neffenger, the last point I just wanted to make, we have a request and I want to reiterate the bonus policy. One of the criticisms, I believe, from the inspector general is that there really wasn't a bonus policy in place. So what is it? In 2015, for instance, the senior members, the TSES members who made less than $160,000 were ineligible for a bonus even if they achieved the highest level of excellence. But if you made more than $160,000, even if your performance evaluation came in lower, you could get a bonus. That seems so upside down and wrong.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Roth, do you have any comment on that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. It is something we would like to look at. Mr. Roth, last question, what are your biggest concerns?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. We appreciate you both. We have the greatest confidence in the administrator but also in the inspector general, plays a vital role. And you each represent a lot of employees and a lot of people who are good, hardworking, patriotic people that are trying to do the right thing, and for that we thank you.    We have a mutual symbiotic relationship in trying to weed out the bad apples, and they are there. And to the extent that we can make that better, smarter, more fair, I think it will improve morale, it will make the airports and the population more safe and secure, and we share that mutual goal. And so we look forward to continuing to work with you and thank you for your presence today. And thanks again to the men and women who do the good hard work every day.    With that, the committee stands adjourned.