    Ms. Callahan. Thank you. Good morning. Chairman Katko and Ranking Member Payne, and to the other Members of the Transportation Security Committee, thank you. Thank you for inviting us to today's hearing on an issue that requires both immediate attention and long-term sustainable solutions: How to handle growing lines at TSA checkpoints at airports across the country while maintaining the high standards for passenger and baggage screening we need in order to keep the flying public safe.    Syracuse International Airport is a small commercial hub serving 2 million passengers annually, providing cargo and general aviation services to central New York. It employs hundreds of people and is a vital component of our economy. As an origination and destination airport, we serve 17 direct markets and we are the departure point for 1 million outbound passengers every year.    While Syracuse has not experienced the recent increased long security checkpoint times, we are part of a National transportation system that links our passengers to the airports represented here today, and working towards a solution as we enter one of the busiest travel seasons in the year is as important to Syracuse as it is to my fellow airports. What I hope to offer today, in addition to echoing my fellow airports' concerns, are examples of the steps we have taken to address our issues at home.    Ensuring the security and safety of the flying public, employees, and other airport users is the top priority for airports. Above all else, we are entrusted by the traveling public to provide safe and secure air transportation. Checkpoint wait times that exceed an hour or longer at some of our Nation's busiest airports have negative impacts on all elements of the air transportation system. Passengers are frustrated, taking their frustrations out on TSA, airport, and airline employees. The anxiety caused by concern over missing a flight, or even worse, missing that flight, creates an environment that is already challenged and difficult.    Several factors have been identified that have contributed to the checkpoint wait time issues. They include no increase in the number of Transportation Security Officers between fiscal years 2015 and 2016, the high rate of TSO attrition followed by the lengthy process to hire new TSOs, record growth in passenger traffic and lagging numbers in PreCheck enrollment. Combined, they have created a perfect storm that has led to recent events.    Working together, the airports, TSA, the airlines, and industry advocates have identified short- and long-term recommendations that focus on key areas, including the need for sufficient TSA staffing, increased PreCheck enrollment and participation, and the continued need to modernize airport infrastructure. We do not, however, support the imposition of any new passenger fees. Rather, we believe that the portion of the 9/11 passenger security fees that are currently being used to pay for other Government programs should be used to fund     Let me talk about PreCheck for just a moment. Chairman Katko was at the airport last November when we unveiled the TSA enrollment center in Syracuse. PreCheck has proven to be very successful at our airports. Currently, almost 40 percent of the flying public is enrolled in PreCheck.    While we believe that this is the result of having an enrollment center in the terminal, our efforts to educate the public on the benefits of PreCheck have been very important. While seemly insignificant, the airport's role in incentivizing people to enroll in PreCheck by giving them free parking has resulted in the increased numbers of people enrolling. While not all airports are in a position to offer incentives, we have found that it has encouraged enough people to come out and spend an hour and enroll in PreCheck.    I would be remiss if I did not bring up the need to modernize airport infrastructure. We have spent time and money improving our airport, consolidating our checkpoint into one central checkpoint, to introduce efficiencies at every level. A central checkpoint was designed to bring the physical screening of passengers and baggage in alignment. It improved passenger and baggage screening at several levels. It allowed for the introduction of new screening equipment, consolidated TSA resources into one, and it has allowed us to implement new security requirements, such as the screening of all concession employees.    We have also been on the cutting edge of security by installing automated exit portals. These automated exit portals allow passengers and employees to exit the concourses safely and securely, without--preventing re-entry. It also eliminates the need to staff the exit lanes, thus saving the airport money and reducing the human error element. Let me stress that this project would not have been possible without the use of the airport's passenger facility charges.    To place the blame solely on TSA is unfair and not a solution to the problem. Rather, we must work together to address the major underlying issues before you today.    In closing, I would like to offer my gratitude to Chairman Katko and to the other Members of the subcommittee for taking the time to listen to our concerns. Thank you for inviting us and for your continued commitment to the safety and security of airports and the people who use them every day.    Ms. Callahan. That is correct.    Ms. Callahan. We are seeing wait times on average of anywhere between 12 and 15 minutes. When I flew out this morning, I had a first experience at seeing that, and it really has helped to balance the distribution of PreCheck and non-PreCheck employees during those peak periods, which for us is really 4:30 until about 7 a.m.    Ms. Callahan. Yes, sir, we do. In fact, we had a meeting yesterday with our Federal security director and his assistants from Albany all the way to Buffalo, a meeting held in Syracuse. Forty of the airports in New York State were at that meeting where we had an in-depth, detailed briefing on their plans for the summer travel season, how we can work together and collaborate to address some of the issues.    My FSD oversees 14 airports. So to see him on a monthly basis is really incredible, that he has the time to do that. But he is very responsive and reactive to issues.    Ms. Callahan. Yes, Mr. Carter. I think it is really each airport is different. There is a saying in our industry: You have seen one airport, you have seen one airport. So the relationships that exist are really local and dependent on the people within the organizations at those airports. I imagine in Atlanta it is much more difficult than in it is Syracuse, New York, where we have access to our FSDs and AFSDs and the airlines on a regular day-to-day basis. That is what I can offer.