    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Chairman. Well, just for the record, let me say I would hope that NEPA would include the social cost of government bureaucracy and the impact on individual lives and, quite frankly, there be a requirement that we use transparent science in setting that.    Mr. Martella, I have a series of questions for you. Would you consider a CEQ guidance that addresses programmatic environmental reviews as procedural in nature?    Mr. Thompson. How about a CEQ guidance that addresses categorical exclusions, procedural?    Mr. Thompson. Then, specifically, would you consider a CEQ guidance that addresses the efficiency of NEPA process as procedural?    Mr. Thompson. Finally, do you consider this draft guidance on the GHG emissions, greenhouse gas emissions, to be procedural or substantive?    Mr. Thompson. It seems to me--when you look at--the cost of carbon requirement is really going to lead to massive new litigation. It paints a bulls eye on the back of industries, on the back of our national forests, the Bureau of Land Management, it is really becoming--those lawsuits, nuisance lawsuits, have become a fundraising scheme for certain groups, and then we have the audacity to reimburse those costs under the Equal Access to Justice Act that has been hijacked. That was not the purpose of that, what was an excellent law, when it was written.    So, I guess my question is, do you agree that this requirement is just going to expand that bulls eye, and just going to attract more nuisance lawsuits, which comes at a direct cost to the taxpayers, but also comes at a social cost, because I would argue, somewhat related to management of national forests, have been--the Forest Service has been, really, it has melted down their ability to actively manage these forests to keep them healthy--invasive species, wildfires, terrible economies in rural areas, and I just see this as expanding that target.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. Mrs. Torres.