    Mr. Brat. Thank you, Chairman.    Thank you all for what you do. I just met with all my career and technical folks a couple weeks back. I've been working in this Virginia State Senate with some of the leaders there for 7 or 8 years. I was a college professor for 20 years. Went to seminary before that. I don't know what went wrong. So I've been in education my whole life.    Congresswoman Bonamici says, ``I know what you're going to ask every time,'' because I ask the same question every time one way or the other. But my challenge to you, you're all doing the Lord's work, et cetera, but there's a problem in K to 12, and people have been asking, the parents, and there's all this inside baseball up here, all these terms, and, you know, like we're going to fix this through policy. And so we're spending $13,000 a year per kid for 13 years and they don't know what business is when they get out. It's unbelievable.    So you guys are saying let's find some skills for them. Well, I don't blame you, right? So if you're coming out and you don't know what a business is and you don't know about free markets and economics or any of that, then you're doing the next best step. Let's get these kids some skills and fit them into empty sectors where there's some jobs, right? So I get that.    I'll just go through all for you real quick. Just how can we start to teach kids about free markets and get them excited about business? They're going to spend every waking hour of their life in business. And yet sometimes we tell them business is bad, right? So the rest of your life, all your waking hours, is going to be spent doing something morally bad, right? It's no wonder the kids look at you and go, ``I don't get it.''    My Governor in Virginia is on the other side of the aisle. He's going around the world doing great stuff. He's getting jobs from China and India and all this kind of stuff. And yet we don't work together to convey that energy to the kids. This is the way it works up here in the big leagues, right? All the business people know what you have got to do to make money and be successful. But we don't give those secrets to the kids.    And I'll just put on my econ hat, did economics for years. The industrial revolution skills, they've been with us forever. They didn't cause modern economic growth, I want to be clear on that. And you can go look at a bipartisan author, favorite of mine, Deirdre McCloskey. She's got a six-volume set out, she's a Nobel-caliber economist, and I'd recommend that to all of you, on why markets matter more than all these other subsets, right, education, skills. We have to do all of the above, but if you don't have working markets for kids to plug those skills in, if you go to a top-down communist society, you got skills, you're not going to get growth and kids won't end up rich.    What can we do to pump up and motivate the K to 12 system so that the kids are more prepared for the skills when they get to you? And I'm not leaving you enough, but if you can just all weigh in as you see fit.    Mr. Brat. Good. Anyone else?    Mr. Brat. Thank you all very much.